--- Page 1 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Dated: 18 September 2023 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, with registered office at 4, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg and duly registered with the 
Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, Luxembourg) under 
number B112885) 
MB FUNDING LUX S.A. 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, with 
registered office at 6, Rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg and duly registered with the Luxembourg 
Trade and Companies Register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B209165) 
Structured Note Issuance Programme 
guaranteed in the case of Notes issued by Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. and MB Funding 
Lux S.A. 
by 
 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Under the Structured Note Issuance Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus (as defined 
below), each of Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. ("Mediobanca"), Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A. ("Mediobanca International") and MB Funding Lux S.A. ("MBFL") (each an "Issuer" and 
together the "Issuers") may, from time to time, issue notes ("Notes"), subject in each case to compliance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives.  
The payment of all amounts due and the performance of any non-cash delivery obligations in respect of any Notes 
issued by Mediobanca International and MBFL will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Mediobanca (in such capacity, the "Guarantor") under, respectively, a deed of guarantee and subject to the 
limitations thereof executed by the Guarantor and dated 18 September 2023 (the "Mediobanca International 
Deed of Guarantee") and a deed of guarantee and subject to the limitations thereof executed by the Guarantor 
and dated 18 September 2023 (the "MBFL Deed of Guarantee").

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
 
The Notes may be either Secured Notes (which may only be issued by MBFL) or Unsecured Notes, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are Secured Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in order 
to secure its obligations under the Notes, MBFL will grant to BNP Paribas Trust Corporation UK Limited, as 
security trustee (the “Security Trustee”) on behalf of holders of Secured Notes, security over certain collateral 
(the “Collateral Assets”), as well as its rights in respect of certain agreements that MBFL will enter into in 
relation to the Secured Notes. If the Notes are Unsecured Notes such security will not be granted. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see 
"Risk Factors" beginning on page 32. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of each of 
the Issuers nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Such 
approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (the “MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member 
State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date hereof in relation to Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the 
public, in any Member State of the European Economic Area other than in circumstances where an exemption is 
available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. For the avoidance of doubt, each of the 
Issuers shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus 
comprises three base prospectuses (one for each Issuer, each of which referred to herein as the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. The validity of this Base Prospectus ends 
upon expiration on 18 September 2024. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for 
Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the Official List 
of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market. The regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Application may also be made for certain Notes issued 
under the Programme to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Application 
may also be made for certain Notes issued under the Programme to Euronext to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris ("Euronext Paris"). The regulated market of Euronext Paris is a regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II. The Notes may also be admitted to trading (i) on the multilateral trading facility of 
securitised derivatives financial instruments, organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX"), (ii) 
on the multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("EuroTLX") and (iii) on the 
multilateral trading facility of Euronext Access Paris operated by Euronext Paris ("Euronext Access Paris"),

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
 
being understood that the admission to trading on SeDeX, EuroTLX or Euronext Access Paris and/or any other 
multilateral trading facilities will not be done under the Prospectus Regulation passporting regime. The 
applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not application will be made for the Notes to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or Euronext Paris and/or 
SeDeX and/or EuroTLX and/or Euronext Access Paris. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading (as the case may be) on such other or 
further stock exchange(s) or market(s) as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where 
applicable) and the relevant Dealer (as defined in "Plan of Distribution"). Unlisted Notes or Notes not admitted 
to trading on any market may also be issued.  
The Central Bank may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to the competent authority of another European 
Economic Area Member State (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to 
Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation (an "Attestation Certificate"). The language of the prospectus is English. Certain 
legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct 
technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined below) of Notes will be set out in the final terms relating 
to the Notes (the "Final Terms") which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin, 
will be delivered to the Central Bank and, with respect to Notes to be listed on any other or further Stock Exchange, 
will be delivered to the relevant Stock Exchange. 
The base terms and conditions of the Notes to be issued under the Programme (the "Base Terms and Conditions" 
or the "Base Conditions") will be completed by the relevant product specific terms and conditions applying to a 
particular type of Notes as set out in the applicable Chapters below (the "Specific Terms and Conditions" or the 
"Specific Conditions" and together with the Base Terms and Conditions, the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" or the "Conditions"). The Terms and Conditions of the Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
completed by the Final Terms. 
The Final Terms may specify that (a) Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements apply to the Secured Notes 
or (b) Collateral Arrangements Only apply to the Secured Notes. In the case of the Charged Agreement/Collateral 
Arrangements, the Final Terms will specify details of the Charged Agreement(s) under which the MBFL and the 
specified Counterparty will have payment and/or delivery obligations from time to time and this may lead to 
adjustments to the Collateral Assets from time to time. The Charged Agreement(s) may comprise a Transfer 
Agreement and a Credit Support Document specified in the Final Terms. In the case of Collateral Arrangements

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
 
Only, MBFL may have the right or obligation to adjust the Collateral Assets from time to time but there will be 
no Charged Agreement unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
Notes issued by MBFL issued under the Programme will have a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or, where 
the Notes issued by MBFL are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other 
currency).  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), or any state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The 
Notes will be offered and sold in offshore transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. The Notes will be in bearer form and as such are subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements. 
Amounts payable under the Notes or assets deliverable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or CMS which are respectively provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute (“EMMI”) for EURIBOR, the Bank of England for SONIA, the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York for SOFR, the European Central Bank for €STR, SIX Swiss Exchange AG for SARON and ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited ("ICE") for CMS. At the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI has been authorised as a 
regulated benchmark administrator pursuant to Article 34 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU BMR”) which 
forms part of the domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal Act) 2018 
(the “UK BMR”) (together the “BMR”) and appears on (i) the public register of administrators established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the EU BMR 
or (ii) the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct 
Authority (“FCA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the UK BMR. As at the date of this Base Prospectus SARON is 
provided by SIX Swiss Exchange AG and is endorsed for use in the European Union by SIX Financial Information 
Nordic AB. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SIX Financial Information Nordic AB appears on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU BMR. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE (as administrator of CMS), the Bank of England (as administrator of 
SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR), and the European Central Bank (as 
administrator of €STR) do not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU BMR. As far the Issuers are  aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU BMR apply, such that ICE (as administrator of CMS) is not currently required 
to obtain authorization/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence). As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA, SOFR and €STR do not fall within the scope of the EU BMR 
by virtue of Article 2 of that Regulation. 
Amounts payable under the Notes or assets deliverable under the Notes may also be determined by reference to 
an index or a combination of indices (other than EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or CMS). Any such 
index may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the BMR. If any such index does constitute such a 
benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in (i) the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU BMR or (ii) the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of the UK BMR. Not every index will fall within the scope of the 
EU BMR or the UK BMR. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result 
that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU 
BMR or the UK BMR is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the relevant Issuer 
does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
Arranger of the Programme 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Mandated Dealer 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This document constitutes a Base Prospectus for each Issuer for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document and, 
to the best of the knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, the information contained in this document 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirms that (i) this Base 
Prospectus contains all information with respect to the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries 
taken as a whole (the "Group" or the "Mediobanca Banking Group" or the "Mediobanca Group"), the Notes, 
the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL Deed of Guarantee which is material in the 
context of the issue and offering of Notes, (ii) the statements contained in this Base Prospectus relating to the 
Issuers, the Guarantor and the Group are in every material respect true and accurate and not misleading, the 
opinions and intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus with regard to the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Group 
are honestly held, have been reached after considering all relevant circumstances and are based on reasonable 
assumptions, (iii) there are no other facts in relation to the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Group, the Notes or the 
Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL Deed of Guarantee the omission of which would, in 
the context of the issue and offering of Notes, make any statement in this Base Prospectus misleading in any 
material respect and (iv) all reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuers and the Guarantor to ascertain 
such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any supplement hereto and with any other documents 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, should be read and construed together 
with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by either of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any 
of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of 
either Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of either Issuers or the Guarantor 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been most recently supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which 
it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Purchases of Notes may be made through a duly appointed Dealer of the relevant Issuer. The relevant Issuer may 
also offer and sell Notes directly to investors without the involvement of any Dealer.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
 
The Issuers and the Guarantor will enter into a Dealer Agreement with the Mandated Dealer (as defined in this 
Base Prospectus) in connection with the issue of Notes for the purpose of the distribution of the Notes to 
prospective investors. Pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Agreement, the relevant Issuer(s) may appoint one or 
more Dealer(s) under the Programme to subscribe or procure subscribers for all or part of the Notes of the 
relevant Series. See the section on "Plan of Distribution" in this Base Prospectus for further details. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of either the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law. The Issuers and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or 
that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in 
any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. No Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly to the public, 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published 
in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus, any Notes may come must inform themselves 
about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of 
Notes. In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuers and the Guarantor for use in connection with the offer 
and sale of Notes in reliance upon Regulation S of the Securities Act outside the United States to non-U.S. persons 
or in transactions otherwise exempt from registration. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not 
authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents 
disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any state 
securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor have any of the foregoing 
authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Notes or the accuracy or the adequacy of 
this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
For a description of additional restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including Italy), the United Kingdom and other 
jurisdictions, see "Plan of Distribution". 
The Dealers, PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., as auditors to Mediobanca for the year ended on 30 June 2021, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers société coopérative, as auditors to MBFL and Mediobanca International for the year 
ended on 30 June 2021, Ernst & Young S.p.A., as auditors to Mediobanca and Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme 
as auditors to MBFL and Mediobanca International for the year ended on 30 June 2022, have not separately 
verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers makes any representation express 
or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
 
in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements are intended to provide the 
basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by either of the Issuers, 
the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial statements should 
purchase any Notes. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None 
of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the 
life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in 
the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers. 
By investing in the Notes each investor represents that: 
(a) 
Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to invest in 
the Notes and as to whether the investment in the Notes is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own 
judgement and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any 
communication (written or oral) of the relevant Issuer or the Dealers as investment advice or as a 
recommendation to invest in the Notes, it being understood that information and explanations related to 
the terms and conditions of the Notes shall not be considered to be investment advice or a recommendation 
to invest in the Notes. No communication (written or oral) received from the relevant Issuer or the Dealers 
shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the investment in the Notes. 
(b) 
Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own 
behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts the terms and conditions 
and the risks of the investment in the Notes. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of the 
investment in the Notes. 
(c) 
Status of Parties. Neither the relevant Issuer nor the Dealers is acting as a fiduciary for or adviser to it in 
respect of the investment in the Notes.

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the stabilising manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no 
assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake 
stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it 
must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
***** 
Notes may be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes, as the case may be, of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which 
save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, will 
be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set forth in the relevant Final Terms, the 
form of which is set out in Chapter 2 Part 2 "General Form of Final Terms for Notes" below and which will 
include, depending on the type of Notes that is being issued, the terms applicable to such form of Notes as are set 
out in the applicable Chapters below. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, (as 
amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client,

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it form part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "EEA MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the 
purpose of the product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending such Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is 
a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or 
assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green”,

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
 
“sustainable”, “social” or similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes 
issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of 
proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion 
or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by any Dealer 
to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to 
trading on a dedicated “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock 
exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or 
admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. No representation or assurance is given by 
the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of the “Mediobanca Green and Sustainable Bond Framework”. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the “Mediobanca Green and Sustainable Bond Framework” is not incorporated in and/or 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires: references to "Member 
State" are references to Member States of the European Economic Area, references to"$", "U.S.$", "USD" and 
"US Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America; references to "CHF" and "Swiss Francs" 
are to the lawful currency of Switzerland; references to "Euro" are to the single currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended; references to "£","GBP" and "Pounds Sterling" are to the lawful currency 
of the United Kingdom; and references to "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan.

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF NOTES WHERE THERE IS NO 
EXEMPTION FROM THE OBLIGATION UNDER THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION TO PUBLISH A 
PROSPECTUS 
Public Offers of Notes in the European Economic Area or in the UK 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
may, subject as provided below, be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation 
under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to in this Base Prospectus as 
a "Public Offer". Subject as provided below, this Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits 
Public Offers of Notes in Member States of the European Economic Area. Any person making or intending to 
make a Public Offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant Member 
State") may only do so if this Base Prospectus has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant 
Member State (or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Relevant Member State) and published in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided 
that the Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with such offer as provided under 
"Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades)" and the 
conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the person making the Public Offer of such Notes. 
Notes issued by MBFL issued under the Programme will not be offered by way of a Public Offer. 
The Issuers have requested the Central Bank to provide a certificate of approval in accordance with Article 25 of 
the Prospectus Regulation (a "passport") in relation to the passporting of the Base Prospectus to the competent 
authorities of Luxembourg, France and Republic of Italy (the "Host Member States"). Even though the Issuers 
have elected (or will elect) to passport this Base Prospectus into the Host Member States, it does not mean that it 
will choose to make any Public Offer in the Host Member States. Investors should refer to the Final Terms for 
any issue of Notes to see whether the Issuer has elected to make a public offer of Notes in either the Republic of 
Ireland or a Host Member State (each a "Public Offer Jurisdiction").  
Each Issuer accepts responsibility in the Public Offer Jurisdictions for which it has given consent referred to 
herein for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") to whom an offer of any 
Notes is made by any financial intermediary to whom that Issuer has given its consent to use this Base Prospectus 
(such financial intermediary, an "Authorised Offeror"), where the offer is made during the period for which that 
consent is given and is in compliance with all other conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as 
mentioned in this Base Prospectus. However, the Issuers do not have any responsibility for any of the actions of 
an Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules 
or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) and has not 
been prepared on a basis that permits a Public Offer (within the meaning of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in 
the UK. The expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA.

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
Any offer made without the consent of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) is unauthorised and 
neither the relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor (as applicable), nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers 
accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised Offeror, 
the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purpose 
of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. 
If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its 
contents, the Investor should take legal advice. 
Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
Common conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the consent of the Issuers and the Guarantor are (in addition to the conditions described in 
either sub-paragraph (a) (Specific Consent) or sub-paragraph (b) (General Consent) under "Specific Consent 
and General Consent" below) that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Notes; 
(ii) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of Notes in 
such of the Public Offer Jurisdictions as are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Public Offers occurring within twelve months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Specific Consent and General Consent 
Subject to the conditions set out above under "Common Conditions to Consent", each of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of Notes in any Public 
Offer Jurisdiction by: 
(a) 
Specific Consent: 
(i) 
the Dealers specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
 
(iii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose name 
is published on the website of the Issuers (https://mediobanca.com) and identified as an Authorised 
Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer; and 
(b) 
General Consent: 
if General Consent is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, any other financial intermediary 
which: 
(i) 
is authorised to make such offers under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, including under any applicable 
implementing measure in each relevant jurisdiction ("MiFID II"); and 
(ii) 
accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in 
square brackets duly completed with the relevant information) (the "Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant Notes] (the 
"Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final Terms") published by 
[ISSUER] (the "Issuer") [and [GUARANTOR] (the "Guarantor"]. 
In consideration of the Issuer [and the Guarantor] offering to grant their consent to our use of the 
Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in [insert 
name(s) of relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)] during the Offer Period in accordance with the 
Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus), we accept the offer by the Issuer 
[and Guarantor]. We confirm that we are authorised under MiFID II to make, and are using the 
Base Prospectus in connection with, the Public Offer accordingly. 
Terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such terms 
in the Base Prospectus." 
Any financial intermediary falling within this sub-paragraph (b) who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, to publish a duly completed Acceptance Statement on its website. 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror who will distribute the Notes 
Neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor (nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers) has any responsibility 
for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable 
conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation 
to such offer. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR SUBSCRIBE OR ACQUIRING OR SUBSCRIBING ANY 
NOTES IN A PUBLIC OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND 
SALES OF SUCH NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
 
ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, 
EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. NEITHER THE ISSUERS NOR THE GUARANTOR 
WILL BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE 
INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH 
OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL 
BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. NONE OF THE ISSUERS, THE GUARANTOR AND 
THE DEALERS HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH 
INFORMATION. 
IN THE EVENT OF AN OFFER BEING MADE BY A FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY, SUCH FINANCIAL 
INTERMEDIARY WILL PROVIDE INFORMATION TO INVESTORS ON THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER AT THE TIME THE OFFER IS MADE.

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE STRUCTURED NOTE ISSUANCE PROGRAMME ..................... 17 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 32 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................. 131 
SUPPLEMENTS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES ................................................................................. 134 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................................................ 137 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................... 144 
ANNEX 1 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS ......................... 277 
ANNEX 2 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES ....................... 518 
ANNEX 3 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES ...................... 535 
ANNEX 4 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES ............................. 558 
ANNEX 5 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT LINKED NOTES ......................... 594 
ANNEX 6 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES ......... 602 
ANNEX 7 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES ............. 617 
ANNEX 8 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED NOTES ............. 626 
ANNEX 9 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES......................... 639 
ANNEX 10 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURES LINKED NOTES ............... 666 
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES .. 672 
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES .................. 692 
ANNEX 13 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SECURED NOTES ............................... 800 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 811 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ........................................... 1001 
USE OF PROCEEDS...................................................................................................................................... 1005 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. ........................ 1007 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA – BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. . 1040 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. ............................. 1041 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. ....... 1045 
INFORMATION ON MB FUNDING LUX SA ............................................................................................ 1046 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MB FUNDING LUX S.A. ................................................................... 1050 
REGULATORY ASPECTS ........................................................................................................................... 1051 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ........................................................................................................................... 1075 
TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................................... 1084 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................ 1114

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE STRUCTURED NOTE ISSUANCE PROGRAMME 
The following is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. The following overview does not 
purport to be complete and is qualified by the remainder of this document and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Series (as defined below in the "Terms and Conditions") of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms. Subject as provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as applicable, any of the following 
(including, without limitation, the type of Notes which may be issued pursuant to the Programme) may be varied 
or supplemented as agreed between the Issuers, the relevant Dealer(s) and the Fiscal Agent (if applicable). Words 
and expressions defined in the sections entitled "Forms of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions" shall have the 
same meaning in this overview: 
Issuers: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Mediobanca 
International (Luxembourg) S.A. and MB Funding Lux S.A. 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A.: 
Mediobanca was established on 10 April 1946 as a medium-term credit 
granting institution in Italy. In 1956 Mediobanca's shares were 
admitted to the Italian Stock Exchange and since then its business has 
expanded both nationally and internationally. 
 
Mediobanca is registered at the Companies' Registry of the Chamber 
of Commerce of Milan Monza Brianza Lodi, Italy under registration 
number 00714490158. Mediobanca's registered office is at Piazzetta 
E. Cuccia 1, 20121, Milan, Italy, telephone number (+39) 0288291. 
 
Mediobanca holds a banking license from the Bank of Italy authorising 
it to carry on all permitted types of banking activities in Italy. 
 
Mediobanca is a bank organised and existing under the laws of Italy, 
carrying out a wide range of banking, financial and related activities 
throughout Italy. 
 
As at the date hereof, Mediobanca’s issued share capital totals Euro 
444,169,467.5, represented by 849,257,474 registered shares.  
 
The Board of Directors of Mediobanca is responsible for the ordinary 
and extraordinary management of Mediobanca. 
Mediobanca is the parent company of the “Gruppo Bancario 
Mediobanca” registered with the register of banking groups held by 
the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the Banking Act under

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
 
number 10631 (the “Mediobanca Group” or the “Mediobanca 
Banking Group” or the “Group”). 
Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.: 
Mediobanca International has the form of public limited liability 
company (a société anonyme) incorporated under Luxembourg law 
and registered office in Luxembourg. On 15 December 2005 the 
Luxembourg Minister of the Treasury and the Budget, on the 
recommendation of the CSSF, granted Mediobanca International a full 
banking license pursuant to which its operations include raising funds 
in the international markets and lending, consistent with Mediobanca 
International's articles of association approved by the shareholders in 
the general meeting held on 21 December 2005. 
 
Mediobanca International is registered with the Luxembourg trade and 
companies register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, 
Luxembourg) under registration number B 112885. Mediobanca 
International’s registered office is at 4 Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
 
As at the date hereof, Mediobanca International's issued and authorised 
fully paid share capital totals Euro 10,000,000 represented by 
1,000,000 registered shares of Euro 10 par value.  
 
The Board of Directors of Mediobanca International is responsible for 
setting authorisation levels, defining organisational structure, defining 
the system of internal control and reviewing it on a regular basis, and 
approving the bank's accounts and interim statements. Day-to-day 
management is entrusted to two authorised managers. 
Mediobanca International is part of the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
MB Funding Lux S.A.: 
MBFL was incorporated on 13 September 2016 under the laws of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as a public limited liability company 
(société anonyme) and was originally subject as an unregulated 
securitisation company (société de titrisation non-agréée) to the 
provisions of the Luxembourg act dated 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended (the “Securitisation Act 2004”). Further 
to an amendment of the articles of incorporation of MBFL on 24 April 
2017, MBFL is no longer subject as an unregulated securitisation 
company (société de titrisation) to the provisions of the Securitisation 
Act 2004. MBFL has been incorporated for an unlimited duration and 
is registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
 
(Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number 
B209165. MBFL has been established as a special purpose vehicle to 
offer securities. 
The registered office of MBFL is at 6, Rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 
Luxembourg. The telephone number of MBFL is +352 264 491 and 
the fax number of MBFL is +352 264 49167. 
As at the date hereof the share capital of MBFL is Euro 831,000 
divided into 831,000 ordinary shares having a nominal value of Euro 
1.0 each (the MBFL Shares) all (100%) of which are fully paid up. 
All issued MBFL Shares are held by Mediobanca.  
MBFL is part of the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
Guarantor: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (with respect to 
Notes issued by Mediobanca International and by MBFL) 
Description: 
Structured Note Issuance Programme. 
Arranger: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Dealers: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
Each of the Issuers may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either 
in respect of a single Tranche or in respect of the whole Programme. 
Fiscal Agent: 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, will act as Fiscal Agent in 
respect of the Notes except for Notes in dematerialised form which are 
deposited directly with Euronext Securities Milan (“Euronext 
Securities Milan”, the commercial name of Monte Titoli S.p.A.) and 
CREST Dematerialised Notes. 
Italian Paying Agent: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. will act as Italian 
Paying Agent with respect to Notes in dematerialised form deposited 
directly with Euronext Securities Milan (which role will include the 
role of Fiscal Agent with respect to such Notes). 
Security Trustee (Secured Notes only): 
BNP Paribas Trust Corporation UK Limited.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
 
Custodian (Secured Notes only): 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, or any other Custodian as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Custodian will be 
appointed pursuant to the terms of a Custody Agreement. 
Account Bank (Secured Notes only): 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, or any other Account Bank as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Account Bank will be 
appointed pursuant to the terms of an Account Bank Agreement. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies as 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable), and the relevant 
Dealer so agree (the Relevant Currency) including, without 
limitation, Australian dollars, Canadian Dollars, Danish kroner, Euro, 
Hong Kong dollars, Japanese yen, New Zealand dollars, Norwegian 
krone, South Africa rand, Sterling, Swedish kronor, Swiss francs and 
U.S. dollars (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). If Dual 
Currency Notes is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms and 
the Notes are Cash Settled Notes, the Final Redemption Amount for 
each such Note shall be paid in a Settlement Currency which is 
different from the Settlement Currency of the Notes on the Issue Date. 
Denomination: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be € 1,000 (or where the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such other currency). 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in one or more Series (which may be issued on 
the same date or which may be issued in more than one Tranche on 
different dates). The Notes may be issued in Tranches on a continuous 
basis with no minimum issue size, subject to compliance with all 
applicable laws, regulations and directives. Further Notes may be 
issued as part of an existing Series.

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
 
Consolidation of Notes: 
Notes of one series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series, 
all as described in Base Condition 18 (Further Issues) of the Base 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (i) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms or (ii) pursuant to 
a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are the Base Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes as completed by the relevant Specific Terms and Conditions 
relating to the relevant type of Notes and completed by the relevant 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
References in this General Description of the Structured Note Issuance 
Programme to the "Final Terms" shall, where applicable, be read as 
references to the Drawdown Prospectus relating to the Notes, as the 
case may be. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only. 
If the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the relevant 
Final Terms will specify whether each Global Note is to be issued in 
New Global Note or in Classic Global Note form. Each Tranche of 
Notes will initially be represented by a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which, in each case, will be deposited on or 
around the Issue Date: (a) in the case of Notes intended to be issued in 
Classic Global Note form, with a common depositary on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and/or deposited directly with Euronext Securities 
Milan and/or any other centralised custodian appointed by the Issuers 
(together, the "Centralised Custodian") and (b) in the case of Notes 
intended to be issued in New Global Note form, with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg. No interest 
will be payable in respect of a Temporary Global Note except as 
described under "Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global 
Form". 
 
Interests in Temporary Global Notes will be exchangeable for interests 
in Permanent Global Notes or, if so stated in the relevant Final Terms 
for Definitive Notes after the date falling 40 days after the Issue Date 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. If specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, interests in Permanent Global Notes will be 
exchangeable for definitive Notes as described under "Provisions

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form". Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have interest Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a 
Talon for further Coupons and will, if the principal thereof is repayable 
by installments, have payment Receipts attached. 
If the Notes are issued and held in book-entry form, the Notes will not 
be represented by paper certificates and the transfer and exchange of 
Notes will take place exclusively through an electronic book-entry 
system managed by Euronext Securities Milan or any other Centralised 
Custodian appointed by the Issuers. Accordingly, all Notes of the same 
tranche shall be deposited by their owners with an intermediary 
participant in the relevant Centralised Custodian. The intermediary 
will in turn deposit the Notes with the Centralised Custodian. 
In such circumstances, it will not be possible for a Noteholder to obtain 
physical delivery of certificates representing the Notes. Notes that are 
CREST Dematerialised Notes will be issued only in uncertificated 
registered form in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities 
Regulations 2001 (as amended, modified or re-enacted and such other 
regulations made under Sections 783, 784(3), 785 and 788 of the 
Companies Act 2006 as are applicable to the Euroclear Registrar). 
CREST Dematerialised Notes are participating notes for the purposes 
of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations and will not be issued in 
definitive form. 
Issue Price of the Notes: 
Issue Price will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Notes may be 
issued at their principal amount or at a discount or premium to their 
principal amount. 
Type of Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Notes of any kind, including but not limited to, 
Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes, Index 
Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Credit Linked Notes, Inflation 
Linked Notes, Futures Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, 
Interest Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes 
and FX Linked Notes. Such Notes may bear interest at a fixed rate, or 
floating rate or structured rate or a combination of such rates. 
The Notes may also be Dual Currency Notes. The Notes may also be 
Hybrid Notes where the Underlying Reference may be any 
combination of such indices (or index futures or options contracts), 
shares, interests in exchange traded instruments, debt instruments (or 
debt futures or options contracts), commodities, inflation indices,

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
 
currencies (or currency futures contracts), funds, futures contracts, 
underlying interest rates or other asset classes or type. 
Share Linked Notes, Index Linked 
Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Credit 
Linked Notes, Commodity Linked 
Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Debt 
Linked Notes, Interest Rate Linked 
Notes, Currency Linked Notes or FX 
Linked Notes: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Share Linked Notes, 
Index Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, 
Commodity Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes, Interest Rate Linked 
Notes, Currency Linked Notes, or FX Linked Notes linked to, as the 
case may be (i) a share (or basket of shares), (ii) index (or basket of 
indices), (iii) fund (or basket of funds), (iv) the credit of a specified 
reference entity (or basket of reference entities), (v) commodity (or 
basket of commodities), (v) inflation index (or basket of inflation 
indices), (vi) debt instruments (or basket of debt instruments), (vii) 
interest rate or yield (or basket of interest rates or basket of yields), 
(viii) a currency exchange rate or (ix) a foreign exchange rate will 
specify the basis for calculating the amounts of principal payable, 
which may be by reference to a share, index, fund level, commodity, 
debt instrument, interest rate or foreign exchange rate. 
Physical Delivery Notes: 
In the case of Physical Delivery Notes, where “Physical Settlement 
according to Base Condition 12.1” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in order to obtain delivery of the Entitlement 
the relevant Noteholder (acting through the relevant ESM 
Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised Notes) must deliver 
or send by authenticated swift message (confirmed in writing) to the 
relevant Clearing System(s) with a copy to the Fiscal Agent or the 
Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Notes) and the 
relevant Issuer not later than 10.00 a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time 
(as appropriate) on the Maturity Date a duly completed physical 
delivery confirmation notice (a "Physical Delivery Confirmation 
Notice") in the form set out in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement 
(copies of which form may be obtained from the relevant Clearing 
System(s) or the Paying Agents) in accordance with the provisions set 
out in Base Condition 12.1. If the relevant Note is in definitive form, 
such Note must be delivered, together with the Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice, to the relevant Issuer and with a copy to the 
Fiscal Agent. 
Secured Notes: 
In the case of Notes issued by MBFL, such Notes may be either 
Secured Notes or Unsecured Notes as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Unsecured Notes will not have the benefit of any Security

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
 
Interest. For further information on Secured Notes, see Secured Notes 
Characteristics below.  
Interest: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms the Notes will pay interest 
amounts. Such interest amounts (i) will be calculated on the basis of a 
fixed rate, or will be a Fixed Interest Amount or Broken Amount, if so 
specified in the Final Terms for that Interest Period and/or (ii) will be 
calculated on the basis of a floating rate and/or (iii) will be calculated 
by reference to the performance of one or more Index, Share, ETI 
Interest, Debt Instrument, Currency, Commodity, Inflation Index, 
Fund Share, Future, Underlying Interest Rate or any other underlying 
security or any combination thereof in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Interest will be payable in arrears on the date 
or dates in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms and will be 
calculated in accordance with the relevant formula specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Interest Periods and Interest Rates 
for the Notes: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest 
period. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes: 
The applicable terms of the Notes will comprise: 
• 
the "Base Conditions", commencing on page 144 of this Base 
Prospectus;  
• 
where the Notes are linked to one or more Underlying Reference, 
the terms and conditions relating to such Underlying 
Reference(s) set out in the "Additional Terms and Conditions" 
relating to the relevant Underlying Reference(s), which are 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms; 
• 
the "interest" terms (if any) of the Notes set forth in the Base 
Condition 7 (Interest) and Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions Relating to Formulas) of this Base Prospectus, which 
are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms;  
• 
the "autocall" terms (if any) of the Notes set forth in the Base 
Condition 8.5 (Automatic Early Redemption), 8.6 (Automatic

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
 
Early Redemption – Automatic Early Settlement Payout 
Capitalised Call and Put Securities 1) and Annex 1 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulas), which are 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms;  
• 
the "payout" terms of the Notes set forth in Base Condition 8.2 
(Cash Settlement), 8.3 (Physical Settlement) and Annex 1 
(Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulas) of this 
Base Prospectus, which are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
• 
the terms relating to Credit Linked Notes set forth in "Credit 
Linked Notes Conditions" of this Base Prospectus and Annex 12 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes) in 
the case of Credit Linked Notes, which are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms; 
• 
the terms relating to Secured Notes set forth in "Secured Notes 
Conditions", set forth in Annex 13 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Secured Notes) of this Base Prospectus, which are 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms of a Series of Notes are comprised of (i) the Base 
Conditions, (ii) the Annex relevant to the relevant Underlying 
References, (iii) the Credit Linked Notes Conditions (in case of Credit 
Linked Notes), (iv) the Secured Notes Conditions (in case of Secured 
Notes) and (v) if selected in the applicable Final Terms, the Final 
Payouts, Interest Rates, Automatic Early Redemption Payouts, Call 
Redemption and Put Redemption and Entitlements in respect of the 
Notes selected from Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulas) specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
related variables specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
Redemption by Installments for the 
Notes: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes which are 
redeemable in two or more installments will set out the date on which, 
and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Secured Notes and Unsecured Notes 
The Notes may be either Secured Notes or Unsecured Notes as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Unsecured Notes will not have 
the benefit of any Security Interest. For further information on Secured 
Notes, see Secured Notes Characteristics below.

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsecured Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank at all times 
at least pari passu, without any preference among themselves, and 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the relevant Issuer, save for certain mandatory 
exceptions of applicable law. See Base Condition 2.1 (Status of the 
Notes) of the Base Terms and Conditions of the Notes .  
Secured Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
secured obligations of MBFL and will rank at all times pari passu, 
without prejudice among themselves and subject as aforesaid and save 
for exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation, at least 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of MBFL from time to time outstanding. 
Negative pledge: 
The terms of the Notes do not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Guarantees: 
Under the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL 
Deed of Guarantee, and in accordance with the terms and subject to 
the limitations thereof, Mediobanca unconditionally and irrevocably 
guarantees payment of all amounts due and the performance of any 
non-cash delivery obligations in respect of Notes issued by, 
respectively, Mediobanca International and/or MBFL. Pursuant to the 
Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL Deed of 
Guarantee, the Guarantor has the right to elect not to deliver or procure 
the delivery of any entitlement to holders of Notes, but in lieu thereof 
to pay a cash amount. See also Base Condition 2.2 (Status of the 
Guarantees). 
Status of the Guarantees: 
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Mediobanca 
International Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL Deed of Guarantee 
constitute – in accordance with the terms and subject to the limitations 
thereof – direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor which will rank at all times at least pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and equally with all 
other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Guarantor, save for certain mandatory exceptions of applicable 
law. See also Base Condition 2.2 (Status of the Guarantees) of the Base 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In particular, pursuant to the 
Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL Deed of 
Guarantee, to the extent the Guarantor is incorporated in the Republic

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
 
of Italy and to the extent under the applicable law in force at the 
relevant time a cap to the maximum amount to be guaranteed is 
required, the Guarantor shall only be liable up to an amount which is 
the aggregate of 110 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of any 
Tranche of the Notes (in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) and 110 per cent. of the interest on such Notes accrued but not 
paid as at any date on which the Guarantor’s liability falls to be 
determined. In addition, pursuant to the Mediobanca International 
Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL Deed of Guarantee, the Guarantor 
has also undertaken to issue an additional guarantee in an amount equal 
to any liability exceeding the maximum amount mentioned above in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at 
the option of the relevant Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to such redemption and 
subject to all relevant legal and regulatory requirements. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes shall be made subject to any such tax, 
duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, 
paid, withheld or deducted and no additional amount shall be payable 
to any relevant Noteholder in respect of any such tax, duty, 
withholding or other payment.  
Rating: 
The rating of the Notes, if any, to be issued under the Programme will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a Series of 
Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, 
as amended (the “CRA Regulation”), or (2) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”) but is endorsed by a CRA which is 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not 
established in the European Union but which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, EEA 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation 
unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA or in the UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the United Kingdom but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the United Kingdom which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) is obliged to maintain on its website a list of 
credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation, which may be found on the following page: at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk.  
Governing Law: 
If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the 
Notes, the Notes and, save as described below, any contractual or non-
contractual obligations arising from or connected with the Notes are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, 
save that the status provisions applicable to the Notes and the 
contractual recognition of bail-in powers provisions, and any non 
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
provisions, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Italian law (if the Notes are issued by Mediobanca) or Luxembourgish 
law (if the Notes are issued by Mediobanca International or MBFL), 
as applicable. If it is specified in the Final Terms that Italian law is 
applicable to the Notes, the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Italian law. For the avoidance of doubt, 
articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law on commercial 
companies dated 10 August 1915, as amended from time to time (the 
“Luxembourg Company Law”) shall not apply.

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
 
In relation to Secured Notes, the Custody Agreement and the Account 
Bank Agreement are governed by Luxembourg law. Any Additional 
Charging Document may be governed by a law other than English law. 
Approval of the Base Prospectus, 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
The Central Bank of Ireland has approved this document as a base 
prospectus. Application has also been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Euronext Dublin and to be listed on the Official List of the Euronext 
Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the relevant 
Dealer in relation to the relevant Series. Notes which are neither listed 
nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The Central Bank of Ireland may, at the request of either Issuer, send 
to the competent authority of another European Economic Area 
Member State (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; and (ii) an Attestation 
Certificate in accordance with Article 25(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) 
payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other 
terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each 
Tranche of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms which, 
with respect to Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Euronext 
Dublin, will be delivered to the Euronext Dublin. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Selling Restrictions: 
See “Plan of Distribution”. 
Secured Notes Characteristics: 
See below. The remaining sections only apply in relation to Secured 
Notes issued by MBFL. 
Security (Secured Notes only):  
 
MBFL will grant to the Security Trustee the following security to 
secure its obligations under the Notes and the Charged Agreement(s) 
in each case, save to the extent the relevant asset or right is charged 
under an Additional Charging Document:

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
 
(a) A first fixed charge over and a first ranking assignment by way 
of security of all of MBFL’s rights, title and/or interests (the 
Issuer’s Rights) in, to and under the Collateral Assets; and  
(b) a first ranking assignment by way of security of all of the 
MBFL’s Rights under each Charged Agreement(s), each 
Additional Charged Agreement and the Issuer’s Rights under the 
Agency Agreement in respect of such Notes. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify (i) the Charged Agreement(s), 
being a Transfer Agreement entered into together, if applicable, with a 
Credit Support Document (ii) any Additional Charged Agreement, and 
(iii) whether any other security interest will be created under the 
Security Trust Deed and/or under an Additional Charging Document. 
Charged Agreement(s) (Secured 
Notes only):  
Where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as 
applying in the Final Terms then the Charged Agreement(s) in respect 
of each Series of Notes will be a transfer agreement entered into 
between MBFL and the Counterparty and, if applicable, the Credit 
Support Document, each as described below. The purpose of the 
transfer agreement may be to allow the relevant Issuer to perform its 
scheduled obligations under the Notes and in order to collateralise the 
Counterparty’s obligations under the transfer agreement, the transfer 
agreement may be supplemented by a Credit Support Document. 
Under the terms of any such Credit Support Document, the 
Counterparty shall, inter alia, deliver Collateral Assets to MBFL, and, 
as applicable, the relevant Issuer shall re-deliver Collateral Assets to 
the Counterparty on the basis of the valuation of the existing Collateral 
Assets and the Notes.  
Collateral Assets (Secured Notes 
only):  
 
The collateral under the Charged Agreement(s) may be: 
(a) loans; 
(b) cash; 
(c) bonds or notes listed on a regulated market; 
(d) shares listed on a regulated market; 
(e) shares, units or other interests in a UCITS fund; and/or 
(f) 
other assets, 
as more fully described in the applicable Final Terms. 
Adjustment of Collateral Assets:  
The terms of the Notes may provide that the Collateral Assets may be 
adjusted in accordance with the terms of Secured Notes Condition 5 
(Adjustment of Collateral Assets) and/or the Charged Agreement(s).

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
 
Such adjustment will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and/or the Charged Agreement(s) and may be in whole or in part and 
may be for cash or other assets. Such adjustment will be as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and may be in whole or in part and may 
be for cash or other assets. Such adjustment may involve the Issuer or 
Counterparty topping up, removing, maintaining and/or substituting 
Collateral Assets and this may diminish or have an adverse effect on 
the value of the Collateral Assets in some circumstances.

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme and the Guarantee. Most of these factors are contingencies which may 
or may not occur and the Issuers and the Guarantor are not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of 
any such contingency occurring. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuers and the Guarantor to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes or the Guarantee may occur for other reasons 
which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuers and the Guarantor based on information currently 
available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Investors should be aware that they may lose the value of their entire investment or part of it, as the case may be. 
The purchase of Notes involves substantial risks and is suitable only for investors who have the knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks and the merits of an 
investment in the Notes. Before making an investment decision, prospective purchasers of Notes should ensure 
that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider 
carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances, financial condition and investment objectives, all the 
information set forth in this Base Prospectus and as supplemented from time to time. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with the Base Prospectus and/or the Final Terms, or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or the Dealer. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax 
advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of Final Terms” and “Terms and Conditions” or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. 
In this section, “Issuer” refers to Mediobanca and/or to Mediobanca International and/or MBFL as appropriate. 
1. 
Material Risks that are specific to the Issuers and that may affect the Issuers’ ability to fulfil their 
obligations under the Notes 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories:  
(A) 
Risks related to the business of the Issuer and the Mediobanca Group and to the sector in which they 
operate;

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
 
(B) 
Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuers and of the Mediobanca Group; 
(C) 
Risks related to legal and regulatory scenario; 
(A) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE BUSINESS OF THE ISSUER AND THE MEDIOBANCA GROUP AND TO THE SECTOR IN 
WHICH THEY OPERATE. 
Systemic risks related to the economic/financial crisis, the impact of the current uncertainties in the 
macroeconomic scenario, and deriving from the Covid-19 pandemic and Russia/Ukraine conflict 
The operations, earnings capacity and the stability of the sector of both the Issuer and the Mediobanca Group may 
be influenced by its/their credit standing, the general economic situation of the country of Italy and the entire 
Eurozone, trends on financial markets and the economic, social and financial consequences generated by the 
Covid-19 pandemic and the Russia/Ukraine conflict. With reference to financial markets, the solidity, resilience 
and growth prospects of the economies of the countries in which the Issuer operates in particular will be especially 
important. 
The macroeconomic scenario is currently marked by considerable uncertainty in relation to: (a) the crisis generated 
by the pandemic, as described in more detail in the following sections; (b) the slowdown in the rate of growth 
following the recession caused by the pandemic, aggravated by the increase in inflationary pressures; and (c) the 
Russia/Ukraine conflict, which has caused volatility on financial markets and driven a spiral of inflation, as 
described in more detail in the following sections. 
In relation to point (a) above, the spread of new variants or a return of the virus itself could impact further on the 
economic, social and financial situation of Italy and thus indirectly on the credit quality, capitalization and 
profitability of the Issuer which operates primarily on the Italian domestic market. As at 30 June 2022, loan loss 
provisions amounted to €242.6 million (compared to €248.8 million as at 30 June 2021), while the Group’s cost 
of risk stood at 48 bps (compared with the 52 bps as at 30 June 2021). It should also be noted that as at 30 June 
2022, the additional provisions or overlays of the Mediobanca Group had been maintained, in an amount equal to 
€293.9 million. These overlays have been provided: (i) for sectors particularly exposed to the risks posed by the 
pandemic scenario (i.e. corporate finance, leasing and factoring) and application of exceptions to contracts or 
moratoria on mortgage loans and corporate and leasing exposures; and (ii) for the corporate, leasing and factoring 
loan books. 
In relation to point (c) above, the conflict in Ukraine has generated strong tensions on the energy and commodities 
markets, and in particular has driven sharp increases in the prices of gas, cereals and fertilizers. The Eurozone 
Harmonized Index of Consumer Prices rose from 1.9% year-over-year (“YoY”) at end-June 2021 to 8.6% YoY 
at end-June 2022 (net of energy components and food commodities, the increase in the HICP was from 0.9% YoY 
to 3.7% YoY), reaching 9.1% YoY (4.3% YoY) in August as a result of further increases in the cost of natural 
gas and energy commodities in particular. 
The Bank of Italy’s surveys of firms’ prospects confirm the estimates of rising energy costs, and the relevant trend 
for production costs to increase as a consequence. In Italy, the average six-monthly inflation figure recorded at

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
 
the start of the financial year was 1.0% YoY, which by end-2021 had trebled to 3.0% YoY, and doubled again by 
end-June 2022 to reach 6.7% YoY.  
Although the Italian government has taken steps to find alternative energy suppliers in the Mediterranean basin 
and Africa, the country remains highly exposed due to its sizeable energy imports from Russia. In this scenario, 
the prospects for Italian growth continue to be strongly linked to developments in the Russia-Ukraine conflict and 
to the economic sanctions imposed on Russia in agreement with the allied countries. 
Hence, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ongoing downward trend in the growth estimates for 
macroneconomic indicators, such as inflation, employment and private consumption indicators, coupled with the 
increase in volatility on financial markets, risks creating adverse repercussions on the earnings, capital and 
financial situation of the Isser and/or on the Group. 
Credit and counterparty risk 
The business activities of both Mediobanca and the Group and their earnings and financial solidity depend also 
on the credit standing of their respective clients and counterparties. 
Mediobanca is exposed to the risks traditionally associated with credit activity. Accordingly, breach by its 
customers of contracts entered into and their own obligations, or the possible failure to provide information or the 
provisions of incorrect information by them regarding their respective financial and credit situation, could impact 
negatively on the earnings, capital and/or financial situation of Mediobanca. 
The Group’s portfolio has no material direct exposures versus the Russian Federation or Ukraine. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Mediobanca Group had a gross NPL ratio (i.e. gross non-performing loans as a percentage 
of gross total customer loans) of 2.5%, compared with 3.2% for the same ratio as at 30 June 2021. 
As at 30 June 2022, gross non-performing loans totalled €1,327.3 million (compared to €1,597.1 million as at 30 
June 2021), and represent 2.5% of total loans. The reduction is chiefly due to Corporate & Investment Banking, 
as a result of certain UTP positions exiting non-performing status, and to Consumer Finance, which, compared to 
the financial period ended on 30 June 2021, has shown exceptionally low default rates (some 30% below pre-
Covid levels) despite the stricter forbearance and UTP classification rules. The prudent provisioning policy has 
continued (the coverage ratio has risen from 64.9% to 71%), which is reflected in the reduction in net NPLs, from 
€560.2 million to €384.4 million, and now represent under 1% of total loans (down from 1.2% to 0.7%). Net bad 
debts amounted to €53.5 million, and represent 0.1% of total loans, with a coverage ratio of 87.2%. Non-
performing loans do not include the NPLs acquired by the Group and managed by MBCredit Solutions, which 
during the financial year decreased from €383.7 million to €350.6 million. 
With regard to loan concentration, as at 30 June 2022, gross aggregate exposures (including equity investments 
and those deriving from market risks) to a total of seven exposures were in excess of 10% of the regulatory capital 
(c.d. “Patrimonio di Vigilanza di Classe 1”) totalled €8.9 billion (€6.7 billion, taking collateral and weightings 
into account). The seven positions involve one industrial group, one insurance company, and five banking groups.

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
 
As at 30 June 2022, moratoria outstanding – recording including those which expired at the end of the financial 
year but for which repayment resumed in the following months – involved loans in a total amount of €22.4 million 
(0.1% of total gross loans). The moratoria outstanding regard CheBanca! mortgage loans as to €19.6 million, and 
SelmaBipiemme Leasing leases as to €2.7 million. 
It should also be noted that as at end-June 2022, new loans supported by public guarantee schemes totalled €124 
million, the majority of which involved the parent company Mediobanca S.p.A. (a total of four deals with SACE 
backing were granted under the terms of the “Liquidity” decree, for a total exposure of €86 million). Of the other 
deals backed by guarantees, €31 million are attributable to CheBanca! (granted to Italian firms and 
professionals/freelance workers under the “Liquidity” Decree), €2 million to CMB Monaco (which has received 
government support for eight clients), and €5 million to SelmaBipiemme Leasing (granted to SMEs under the 
“Liquidity” Decree). 
Risks related to the 2023-26 Strategic Plan 
On 24 May 2023, Mediobanca’s Board of Directors approved the guidelines of its 2023-26 Strategic Plan (the 
“Strategic Plan”) – and unveiled it to the financial community on the same date – based on the results achieved 
in the past four years.  
The Strategic Plan contains certain targets to be reached by end-June 2026 (the “Plan Objectives”). The Plan 
Objectives include a growth of the Mediobanca Group in all the segments in which it operates (Wealth 
Management, Corporate & Investment Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance, Holding Functions) in terms of 
(among others) profitable assets, revenues, earnings and profitability. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Plan Objectives and strategic targets were generally confirmed. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuers’ capability to implement the actions and to meet the Plan 
Objectives depends on a number of circumstances, some of which are beyond the Issuers’ control, including, but 
not limited to, the macroeconomic scenario, which could be compromised by the consequences deriving from the 
Covid-19 pandemic, the Russia/Ukraine conflict, the changes in the regulatory framework, and the effects of 
specific actions or concerning future events which the Issuers are only partially able to influence. However, there 
is no certainty that the actions provided for in the Strategic Plan will result in the benefits expected from 
implementation of the Plan Objectives; if such benefits fail to materialize, the results expected by the Mediobanca 
may differ, even materially, from those envisaged in the Strategic Plan. 
Market risk 
The Issuers are subject to market risk, defined as the risk of the loss of value of the financial instruments, including 
sovereign debt securities, held by the Issuers as a result of movements in market variables (including, but not 
limited, interest rates, stock market prices and/or exchange rates) or other factors that could trigger a deterioration 
in the capital solidity of the Issuers and/or the Group. Mediobanca calculates the Value at Risk (“VaR”) on a 
daily basis. VaR is a measurement of the market risk associated with a financial asset, of the positions held in its 
trading book, assuming a disposal period of a single trading day and a confidence level of 99%. The other

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
 
sensitivities (known as the “Greeks”) are measured in relation to risk factors such as interest rates, share prices, 
Exchange rates, credit spreads, inflation and volatility. Stress testing versus the main risk factors is also carried 
out, in order to pick up the impact which significant movements in the main market variables might have and ad 
hoc indicators are implemented to capture risks not measured by VaR. 
Such fluctuations may be caused by political, economic and market considerations, the availability and cost of 
capital, the level and volatility of share and bond prices, the price of commodities, interest rates, credit spreads, 
the value of currencies and other market indicators, innovations and developments in the field of technology, the 
availability and cost of credit, inflation, and investors’ perception of and confidence in financial markets. 
The financial year ended at 30 June 2022 has been characterized by a generalized increase in volatility in all asset 
classes due primarily to the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and to the Russia/Ukraine conflict. 
These have been compounded by the supply-side effects of the Russia/Ukraine conflict, which have been felt 
particularly strongly in Europe. The economic policy reaction in both the United States and Europe, based on 
support for aggregate demand, resulted in inflationary pressure which initially was considered to be temporary. 
The level of inflation and the possibility of the phenomenon which had started towards year-end 2021 persisting 
caused the central banks to take action, resulting in widespread increases in interest rates across the Western 
world. This drove a material increase in market interest rates and triggered volatility in forward rates. Stock 
markets reported consistent declines in the second half of the year, while commodity prices continued to remain 
high and also prone to strong volatility. As the conflict worsened, some breaches of the stop loss and VaR limits 
were recorded for certain financial instruments held by the Issuer. 
The aggregate value-at-risk on the trading book for the year ended on 30 June 2022 ranged from a low of €3.6 
million at the start of January 2022 to a high of €11.8 million recorded at the start of May 2022. The average 
reading of €6.1 million was 46% higher than the previous year’s average (€4.2 million). After the high recorded 
in May 2022, VaR remained highly volatile during the month of June 2022, reflecting an average reading of €6.2 
million.  
Operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of incurring losses as a result of the inadequacy or malfunctioning of 
procedures, staff and IT systems, human error or external events. 
The Issuer is exposed to different types of operational risk. The event types most impacted by operational risk are 
originated by products sold to clients, commercial practices, the execution of operating processes, and frauds 
committed from outside the Group. 
Although the Mediobanca Group has adopted a system for recording, assessing and monitoring operational risks 
with a view to preventing and containing them, it should be noted that unpredictable events or events otherwise 
beyond the control of the Issuers could occur, which could impact negatively on the Issuers’ and the Group’s 
operating results, activities and earnings, capital and/or financial situation, as well as on their reputation.

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
 
The operating losses recorded in the twelve months account for approximately 0.4% of total income. Although 
no material losses were generated, there was an increase in certain instances (classes) of operational risk, such as 
outsourcing risk.  
Operational risk does not include compliance risk – identified by the Issuer as a relevant risk and included in the 
section on “Other risks” on p. 357 of the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the year 
ended 30 June 2022, incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference – strategic risk or reputational risk. 
Risks related to climate/environmental changes 
The Issuers and the Group are exposed to risks related to climate and environmental change, which includes two 
main risk factors, referred to as physical risk and transition risk. Physical risk can have an adverse effect on both 
the Group’s assets (e.g. properties being damaged following severe weather events) and on those of its clients, 
with potential repercussions on, for example, assets used as collateral for loans granted. Transition risk can 
generate possible adverse repercussions on the performances of clients impacted by the tradition to a low carbon 
emission-based and more sustainable economy. 
Against the backdrop of a strongly and quickly changing regulatory scenario and the adoption by the European 
Commission of an ambitious package of measures to encourage the flow of capital towards sustainable activities 
throughout the European Union, the Mediobanca Group – since the start of 2021 – has launched a programme of 
ESG risk integration, disclosure and financial sustainability of products, and alignment to the European taxonomy 
regulation. Phase 1 was completed in June 2022, whereas Phase 2 has the following objectives: (i) performance 
of the actions included in the plan sent to the ECB in May 2021; (ii) completion of the process of adapting the 
Group’s operations to meet the obligations introduced by the EU Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation 
(SFDR) and MiFID II); (iii) definition of the preparatory activities for making the first disclosure in relation to 
the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation (as defined below) based on the business areas impacted by the 
regulations. 
In accordance with the climate change objectives included in its Strategic Plan, the Mediobanca Group, which 
was already a member of the so-called Global Compact, has also signed up to the Net-Zero Banking Alliance 
(NZBA), with the objective of achieving net zero emissions by 2050. Furthermore, the Mediobanca Group 
recognizes the importance of a balanced distribution of the value created from the activities it carries out versus 
its own stakeholders, value which the stakeholders themselves have directly or indirectly contributed towards 
creating; for this reason it has decided to publish the economic value it has generated and distributed, calculated 
in accordance with the Italian Banking Association’s instructions by restating the various items of the 
consolidated profit and loss account. 
The Mediobanca Group has been called to perform a stress test on climate risks operated by the European Central 
Bank in 2022 to identify the weaknesses of banks on risk factors related to climate change and whose results will 
be part of the 2022 Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) prudential evaluation.

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
 
The possibility of the adoption of new policies for climate and environmental risk, the future development of the 
areas of intervention in ESG and sustainable growth terms, and changing consumer preferences and market 
confidence impacting adversely on the operating results and on the earnings, capital and/or financial situation of 
the Issuers and the Group cannot be ruled out. 
IT and Cyber Risk 
IT risk is defined as the risk of incurring losses in terms of earnings, reputation and market share in relation to the 
use of the company’s information system and in relation to malfunctions in terms of hardware, software and 
networks. 
Cyber risk is defined as a type of IT risk relating to cyber security aspects and involving risks deriving from cyber 
attacks. 
Although they do not constitute new risks as such, significant exposure to them can doubtless be expected, because 
of the increasing dependence on computer systems (and the consequent increase in the numbers of users using 
online channels and interconnected devices), the growing quantity of data managed (which requires quality 
protection), and the increasing use of IT services provided by third parties. 
It is also worth noting that, with update no. 40th of 3 November 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order 
to implement the EBA Guidelines on ICT and security risk management. Among the others, as of 30 June 2023, 
Italian banks (thus including Mediobanca) would be required to set up a second-level control function to manage 
and monitor over the risks associate with ICT and security. Alternatively, upon bank’s decision, such tasks may 
be assigned to the pre-existing risk management and control functions, in line with the roles, responsibilities and 
competences of each of those functions, and provided that the relevant monitoring and managing activities would 
be properly performed and the technical competences requirements would be duly met. Italian banks are required 
to submit to the Bank of Italy a communication, describing the planned steps to be taken and the arrangements to 
be implemented to be compliant with these recently introduced changes, by 1 September 2023. 
(B) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE FINANCIAL SITUATION OF THE ISSUERS AND OF THE MEDIOBANCA GROUP 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk of each Issuer not being able to meet its own payment obligations as and when 
they fall due, as a result of an inability to raise the necessary funds on the market (funding liquidity risk), or to 
difficulties in selling its own assets to meet them except by making a loss on them (market liquidity risk). Liquidity 
risk has different timing profiles, as follows: (i) the current or potential of the each Issuer being unable to manage 
its own liquidity needs effectively in the short-term (so called liquidity risk); and (ii) the risk of each Issuer not 
having stable sources of funding over the medium and long term, making it unable to meet its own financial 
obligations without an excessive increase in the cost of funding (so called funding risk). 
The Issuers’ liquidity may be affected by: (i) volatility on domestic and international markets; (ii) adverse changes 
in the general economic scenario; (iii) market situations, such as it being temporarily impossible to access the

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
 
market by issuing shares; and (iv) changes in the relevant Issuer’s credit rating, i.e. its degree of earnings/financial 
reliability, which affects market liquidity risk as described above. All these circumstances could arise as a result 
of causes independent of the relevant Issuer, such as market turbulence, impacting negatively on its risk profile. 
The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) as at 30 June 2022 was 159% (compared to 158% as at 30 June 2021), 
including the prudential estimate of “additional liquidity outflows for other products and services” in accordance 
with Article 23 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61; i.e. well above the minimum requirement of 
100% set by the regulators as of 1 January 2018. The Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) as at 30 June 2022 
stood at 115% (compared to 116% as at 30 June 2021); i.e. higher than the minimum requirement of 100% 
introduced starting from 2021. 
The LCR and NSFR are liquidity indicators. The LCR serves to maintain a liquidity buffer that will enable the 
Issuers to survive for a period of thirty days in the event of exceptionally stressful circumstances, while the NSFR 
records structural liquidity, ensuring that assets and liabilities retain a sustainable structure in terms of maturities. 
The Group’s participation in TLTROs (i.e. operations whereby credit institutions in the Eurozone can receive 
finance for up to 3 years on advantageous terms, in order to improve credit market conditions and stimulate the 
real economy) with the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) at 30 June 2022 amounted to €8.4 billion (€7.4 billion 
at 30 June 2021). The interest rate offered on this instrument was made attractive during the Covid-19 pandemic 
to address the downside risks associated with price stability. However, since 23 November 2022, the rate has had 
to be recalibrated in view of the persistent inflaction, to normalize monetary policy. 
Sovereign exposure risk 
Mediobanca is exposed to movements in government securities, in particular to Italian sovereign debt securities. 
As at 30 June 2022, the aggregate exposure to sovereign states held by the Mediobanca Group amounted to €4.3 
billion, of which €1.14 billion booked at fair value, and €3.29 billion at amortized cost, with €0.3 billion in 
securities held by other banks in the Mediobanca Group. At the same date, the aggregate exposure to Italian 
government securities was €3.79 billion, representing 25.6% of the Group’s total financial assets and 4% of the 
total assets (unchanged versus end-June 2021). The average duration of the exposures was approximately four 
years. As at 30 June 2021, the same exposure reflected a book value of €3.87 billion (€2.09 billion recognized at 
fair value and €1.78 billion at amortized cost).  
Tensions in sovereign debt securities, with reference in particular to any deterioration in the spread on Italian 
government securities relative to those of other European member states, and any combined actions by the leading 
rating agencies that would result in the rating for Italian sovereign debt being downgraded to below investment 
grade level, may impact negatively on the Mediobanca’s portfolio, its capital ratios and liquidity position. 
Risk related to court and arbitration proceedings 
The risk deriving from court and arbitration proceedings for Mediobanca consists of a reputational risk, i.e. the 
damages that Mediobanca could incur if one or more of the rulings in the court and arbitration proceedings in

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
 
which Mediobanca is involved generates a negative perception of Mediobanca and/or the Group on the part of 
clients, counterparties, shareholders, investors or the supervisory authorities. 
As at the date hereof, Mediobanca and its Group companies are not, or have not been, involved in proceedings 
initiated by the public authorities, legal disputes or arbitrations which could have or which have, in the recent past, 
had significant consequences for the Mediobanca’s or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
As at 30 June 2022, the main legal proceedings pending that involve Mediobanca include two claims for damages 
and thirteen tax disputes. It is believed that the provision for risks and charges (which as at 30 June 2022 amounted 
to €137.8 million), is sufficient to cover any charges relating to the cases that have been brought against 
Mediobanca and the other Group companies, and to cover other contingent liabilities (as at 30 June 2022 the 
provision included €114 million for litigation and other contingent liabilities). 
(C) 
RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL AND REGULATORY SCENARIO 
Changes in the Italian and European regulatory framework could adversely affect the Issuer’s business 
Mediobanca is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the Commissione Nazionale 
per le Società e la Borsa (the Italian securities market regulator or “CONSOB”) the European Central Bank and 
the European System of Central Banks. Mediobanca International is subject to extensive regulation and 
supervision by the CSSF, the European Central Bank and the European System of Central Banks. 
The banking laws to which the Issuers are subject govern the activities in which banks and foundations may 
engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and limit their exposure to risk. In 
addition, the Issuers must comply with financial services laws that govern their marketing and selling practices. 
The regulatory framework governing the international financial markets is currently being amended in response 
to the credit crisis, and new legislation and regulations are being introduced in Italy and the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and could significantly alter the Issuers’ capital requirements. In addition, any significant regulatory 
action against a member of the Mediobanca Group could lead to financial losses, as a result of regulatory fines, 
reprimands or litigations, and, in extreme scenarios, to the suspension of operations or even withdrawal of 
authorizations, thus having a material adverse effect on Mediobanca Group's business, results of operations and 
its financial condition, which would be reflected in the Mediobanca Group's consolidated results. 
The supervisory authorities mentioned above govern various aspects of the Issuers, which may include, among 
other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the prevention and combating of money laundering, privacy 
protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in customer relations and registration and reporting obligations. In 
order to operate in compliance with these regulations, the Issuers have in place specific procedures and internal 
policies. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that violations of 
regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect the Group’s results of operations, business and financial 
condition. The above risks are compounded by the fact that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws 
and regulations have only been approved and the relevant implementation procedures are still in the process of 
being developed.

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
 
Risks related to major regulatory changes 
Mediobanca is subject to extensive and strict EU and Italian regulation, which concerns and comprises supervisory 
activity by the competent authorities (i.e. the ECB, Bank of Italy and Consob). Such regulations - and this also 
applies to the supervisory activity - are subject to ongoing revisions and changes in practice. The applicable 
regulations govern the sectors in which banks may operate, in order to safeguard their stability and solidity, 
limiting the exposure to risk. In particular, Mediobanca and the banking companies of the Group are required to 
comply with the capital adequacy requirements instituted by the EU regulations and by Italian law. Furthermore, 
as a listed issuer, Mediobanca is also required to comply with the regulations provided by Consob in this area on 
subjects such as, inter alia, anti-money-laundering, usury and protection of consumer rights. 
Any changes to the regulations and/or the means by which they are interpreted and/or applied by the competent 
authorities, could result in additional charges and obligations to be fulfilled by Mediobanca, which could impact 
negatively on such Issuer’s operating results and its earnings, capital and financial situation. 
Starting from 1 January 2014, a part of the supervisory rules has been amended on the grounds of the directions 
deriving from the so-called Basel III agreements, mainly with the purpose to significantly strengthen the minimum 
capital requirements, the restraint of the leverage degree and the introduction of policies and quantitative rules for 
the mitigation of the liquidity risk of the banks. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, banks must meet the own funds requirements provided by article 92 of the 
CRD IV Regulation, as amended by the CRR II (as both defined below): (i) the Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio 
must be equal to at least 4.5 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount of the bank; (ii) the Tier 1 Ratio must be 
equal to at least 6 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount of the bank; (iii) the Total Capital Ratio must be 
equal to at least 8 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount of the bank; and (iv) the Leverage Ratio must be 
equal to at least 3 per cent. of the Tier 1 Ratio divided by the total exposures amount of the bank. In addition to 
the minimum regulatory requirements, banks must meet the Combined Buffer Requirements (as defined below) 
provided by the CRD IV Directive (as defined below). 
For a description of the CRD IV Package applicable to Mediobanca Group please see “Regulatory Aspects – Basel 
III and CRD IV Package”.  
As for the capital requirements, the prudential provisions in force provide for minimum capitalisation levels. In 
particular, the banks are required to have a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) ratio at least equal to 7% of the risk-
weighted assets, a Tier 1 ratio equal at least to 8.5% of the risk-weighted assets and a Total Capital ratio equal at 
least to 10.5% of said risk-weighted assets (such minimum levels include the so-called "capital conservation 
buffer", namely“a "buffer" of further mandatory capitalisation). 
Mediobanca, as a bank of significant importance for the European financial system, is subject to direct supervision 
of the ECB. Following the SREP the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital requirement 
that Mediobanca must comply with at consolidated level (the “SREP Decision”).

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
 
For the years 2021 and 2022, Mediobanca received a SREP Decision respectively on 17 November 2020 and on 
24 January 2022. On 24 January 2022, Mediobanca has received the following minimum requirements to comply 
with: 
• 
Minimum requirement (CRR Article 92) 
8.00% 
— of which CET1 
4.50% 
— of which T1 
6.00% 
— of which Total capital 
8.00% 
• 
P2R (SREP Decision) 
1.58% 
— of which CET1 
0.89% 
— of which T1 
1.19% 
— of which Total capital 
1.58% 
• 
Capital conservation buffer (CRD IV) 
2.50% 
• 
Minimum total CET1 requirement 
7.89% 
• 
Minimum total Tier 1 requirement 
9.69% 
• 
Minimum total capital requirement 
12.08% 
 
On 30 June 2021, in respect of Mediobanca the CET 1 ratio was 16.31%, the T1 ratio 16.31%, and the total capital 
ratio 18.91%, while as of 30 June 2022 the same ratios were 15.67%, 15.67% and 17.62%, respectively. The CET 
1 ratio reduction is attributable to the buy back plan ended during the previous financial year. In terms of actual 
figures, as at 30 June 2022, the CET1 and Tier 2 totalled €7,894.3 million and €980.1 million respectively; the 
CET1 ratio stood at 15.67% (versus 16.31% at 30 June 2021). The ratio fully loaded without applying the Danish 
Compromise, i.e. with the Assicurazioni Generali deducted in full, and the IFRS 9 also fully applied, would be 
14.50% (15.08% as at 30 June 2021), while the total capital ratio would decrease from 18.91% to 17.62% (16.69% 
fully loaded). Furthermore, as at 30 June 2022, risk-weighted assets (“RWA”s)1 totalled €50,378.0 million, higher 
than the €47,159.3 million reported the previous financial  year, as a result of the new prudential treatment for the 
Assicurazioni Generali investment (which added €1.4 billion) plus higher loans in CIB (up €700 million), 
 
1 RWAs are calculated using the standard and internal ratings based (“IRB”) methods for credit risk; the standard method for market risk, and 
the basic method for operational risks.

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
 
Consumer Finance (up €900 million), and Private Banking (up €400 million). Any deterioration in the above 
prudential requisites could impact, even significantly, on the integrity and operating performance of Mediobanca. 
For 2023, on 14 December 2022 Mediobanca received the final SREP decision according to which the P2R 
requirement is set at 1.68%. The activities performed in 2022 in connection with the SREP should in any case 
entail a small increase in the capital requirement for Mediobanca imposed by the ECB, in view of the future 
uncertainties, and of the fact that such requirement has not been modified in the last few years. 
For a description of the Pillar 2 requirements applicable to Mediobanca Group please see “Regulatory Aspects – 
Capital Requirements” of this Base Prospectus.  
It should be noted that, on 12 March 2020, the ECB, taking into account the economic effects of the coronavirus 
(COVID-19), announced certain measures aimed at ensuring that banks, under its direct supervision, are still able 
to provide credit support to the real economy. 
Considering that the European banking sector acquired a significant amount of capital reserves (with the aim of 
enabling banks to face with stressful situations such as the COVID-19), the ECB allows banks to operate 
temporarily below the capital level defined by the "Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G)" and the "capital conservation buffer 
(CCB)". Furthermore, the ECB expects these temporary measures to be further improved by an appropriate 
revision of the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB) by the competent national authorities. 
On 10 February 2022 the ECB announced that it did not see it as necessary to allow banks to operate below the 
level of capital defined by their Pillar 2 Guidance beyond December 2022, nor to extend beyond March 2022 the 
supervisory measure that allow them to exclude central bank exposure from their leverage ratios. Therefore, banks 
are: (i) expected to operate above Pillar 2 Guidance from 1 January 2023; (ii) re-include central bank exposures 
in leverage ratio from 1 April 2022; and (iii) have ample headroom above capital and leverage ratio requirements. 
Moreover, due to the COVID-19 outbreak, with the Recommendation of 27 March 2020, the ECB recommended 
that at least until 1 October 2020 no dividends are paid out and no irrevocable commitment to pay out dividends 
is undertaken by the credit institutions for the financial year 2019 and 2020 and that credit institutions refrain from 
share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders. The ECB decided to extend the recommendation on 
dividends until 30 September 2021 with the Recommendation ECB/2020/62 that repeals Recommendation ECB 
2020/19 of 27 March 2020 and Recommendation ECB 2020/35 of 27 July 2020. On 23 July 2021, the ECB 
decided not to extend dividend recommendation beyond September 2021, but published a new Recommendation 
ECB/2021/31. In particular, Recommendation ECB/2021/31 states that the ECB considered that the reduced 
economic uncertainty allows the supervisory assessment of the prudence of bank’s plans to distribute dividends 
and conduct share buybacks on an individual basis with a careful forward-looking assessment of capital plans in 
the context of the normal supervisory cycle. 
As for the liquidity, the European rules envisage, inter alia, a short-term indicator (Liquidity Coverage Ratio or 
“LCR”), aimed at creating and maintaining a liquidity buffer able to allow the survival of the bank for a period 
of thirty days in case of serious market stress, and a structural liquidity indicator (Net Stable Funding Ratio or

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
 
“NSFR”) with a temporal horizon longer than a year, introduced to ensure that the assets and liabilities have a 
sustainable maturity structure.  
The Mediobanca Group’s liquidity and long-term viability depends on many factors including its ability to 
successfully raise capital and secure appropriate financing. Should Mediobanca Group not be able to implement 
the approach to capital requirements it considers optimal in order to meet the capital requirements imposed by the 
CRD IV Package (as amended by the Banking Reform Package), it may be required to maintain levels of capital 
which could potentially impact its credit ratings, funding conditions and limit Mediobanca’s growth opportunities. 
Both indicators of the Mediobanca Group are widely above the minimum limits provided by the abovementioned 
provisions of law.  
Furthermore, the Banking Reform Package introduced the financial Leverage Ratio, which measures the coverage 
degree of Class 1 Capital compared to the total exposure of the Mediobanca Group. Such index is calculated by 
considering the assets and exposures out of the budget. The objective of the indicator is to contain the degree of 
indebtedness in the balance sheets of the banks. The ratio is subject to a minimum regulatory limit of 3%. 
The Mediobanca Group’s leverage ratio, calculated without excluding exposures to central banks, on 30 June 
2022 stood at 8.4% (9.1% as at 30 June 2021). The reduction since end-June 2021 is due to the increase in 
exposures due to the higher treasury assets. 
Depending on the outcomes of the legislative process underway in Europe, Mediobanca might be compelled to 
adapt to changes in the regulations (and in their construction and/or implementation procedures adopted by the 
supervisory authorities), with potential adverse effects on its assets, liabilities and financial situation. In particular, 
investors should consider that supervisory authorities may impose further requirements and/or parameters for the 
purpose of calculating capital adequacy requirements or may adopt interpretation approaches of the legislation 
governing prudential fund requirements unfavourable to Mediobanca, with consequent inability of Mediobanca 
to comply with the requirements imposed and with a potential negative impact, even material, on the business and 
capital, economic and financial conditions. 
In light of that, Mediobanca has in place specific procedures and internal policies - in accordance with the 
regulatory frameworks defined by domestic and European supervisory authorities and consistent with the 
regulatory framework being implemented at the European Union level - to monitor, among other things, liquidity 
levels and capital adequacy. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that 
violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect Mediobanca’s results of operations, business 
and financial condition. In particular, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the EU Banking Reform Package has 
been recently implemented in Italy and there is uncertainty as to its implementation and interpretation, and it is 
not yet clear what impact the changes introduced by the Banking Reform Package will have on Mediobanca’s 
operations. Moreover, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy’s authority to introduce a systemic 
risk buffer and borrower based measures has recently been introduced into the Circular No. 285 (as defined below) 
and there is uncertainty as to how (and if) the Italian regulator would exercise such authority. Therefore, it is not 
yet clear what impact these regulatory changes will have on Mediobanca’s operations. Finally, as at the date of

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
 
this Base Prospectus, the 2021 Reform Package (as defined below) has recently been proposed by the European 
Commission and there is uncertainty as to adoption and implementation, and it is not yet clear how and to what 
extent this legislative proposal may impact on Mediobanca’s operations. 
For a description of the Banking Reform Package applicable to Mediobanca Group please see “Regulatory Aspects 
– Revision to the CRD IV Package”. 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU (Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the (EU) Regulation no. 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, – so-called 
"SRMR"), which may determine a significant impact on the economic and financial position of the Mediobanca 
and the Mediobanca Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds with financial resources that 
shall be provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. 
Investors should also consider that it cannot be excluded that in the future Mediobanca may be required, in 
particular in light of external factors and unforeseeable events outside its control and/or after further requests by 
the supervisory authority, to implement capital enhancement interventions; there is also a risk that Mediobanca 
may not be able to achieve and/or maintain (both at individual and consolidated level) the minimum capital 
requirements provided for by the legislation in force from time to time or established from time to time by the 
supervisory authority in the times prescribed therein, with potential material negative impact on its business and 
capital, economic and financial condition. 
In these circumstances, it cannot be excluded that Mediobanca may be subject to extraordinary actions and/or 
measures by competent authorities, which may include, inter alia, the application of the resolution tools as per the 
BRRD Decrees (as defined below). In particular, the impact of the resolution tools provided for by the BRRD 
Decrees on the rights of the Noteholders are further described in the section “Regulatory Aspects”. In this respect, 
please see “Regulatory Aspects - The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” and see “Regulatory Aspects – 
Revision to the BRRD framework” of this Base Prospectus. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions (the “SSM 
Regulation”) in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the “Single Supervisory Mechanism” or 
“SSM”). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction with the national 
regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct supervisory responsibility over 
"banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone. 
In this respect, "banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total value 
of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its total 
assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit 
institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the 
European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; (iv) is considered by the ECB to be

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
 
of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State 
and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with each 
national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution 
significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. Mediobanca has been 
classified as a significant supervised entity within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European 
Central Bank of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism between the European Central Bank and each national competent authority and with national 
designated authorities (the “SSM Framework Regulation”) and, as such, is subject to direct prudential 
supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions granted to ECB by the SSM Regulation and the SSM 
Framework Regulation. 
For further details, please see “Regulatory Aspects”. In this respect, please see “Regulatory Aspects – ECB Single 
Supervisory Mechanism”. 
Mediobanca undertakes to comply with the set of laws and regulations applicable to the Group. Failure to do so, 
or changes to the regulations and/or to the means of interpreting and/or applying them made by the competent 
national regulatory authorities could entail possible adverse impacts (including the possibility of legal proceedings 
being initiated against the Group) on the operating results and on the earnings, capital and financial situation of 
Mediobanca and the Group.  
Risks related to changes in the regulations on non-performing loans 
Mediobanca, in its capacity as Issuer, is bound to comply and align itself with changes in the regulation on non-
performing exposures (“NPEs”), at both national and supranational levels. Despite undertaking to meet the 
deadlines for alignment and comply with the new obligations introduced, the ongoing changes in the regulations 
and/or ways in which they are interpreted and/or applied by the competent authorities, could give rise to new 
charges and obligations on the part of Mediobanca, with a potentially negative impact on such Issuer’s operating 
results and its earnings, capital and financial situation. In particular fresh regulatory capital may be absorbed, 
resulting in changes to the capital ratios. 
The recently introduced banking reforms as well as other laws and regulations that may be adopted in the future 
could adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
Risks related to changes in fiscal law 
The Issuers are subject to risks associated with changes in tax law or in the interpretation of tax law, changes in 
tax rates and consequences arising from non-compliance with procedures required by tax authorities. Any 
legislative changes affecting the calculation of taxes could therefore have an impact on the Issuers’ financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flow.

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
 
With particular reference to Mediobanca, Mediobanca is required to pay Italian corporate income taxes (“IRES”) 
pursuant to Title II of Italian Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 December 1986 (i.e. the Consolidated Income Tax 
Law, or “TUIR”) and the Italian regional business tax (“IRAP”) pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 446 of 15 
December 1997, and the amount of taxes due and payable by Mediobanca may be affected by tax benefits from 
time to time available. 
Mediobanca can benefit from the stimulus provisions introduced by way of article 1 of Italian Law Decree no. 
201 of 6 December 2011, as amended and converted into Law no. 214 of 22 December 2011, concerning 
“economic-growth allowances” (aiuto alla crescita economica, or “ACE”) if all the conditions provided by the 
above-mentioned Law are met. The ACE rules allow for a deduction from net income for the purposes of IRES 
of an amount computed by applying a notional yield at a rate of 1.3% from 2019 onwards to the increase in net 
equity (the “ACE Base”). The ACE base is, for the first year of application of ACE (i.e. 2011), the amount of 
equity existing at close of that year less the amount of equity as of 31 December 2010 (excluding profits earned 
in 2010) and, for subsequent years, the base carried forward from the previous year as adjusted (increased and 
reduced) to reflect components affecting equity.  
In accordance with article 3 of the Italian Ministerial Decree of 3 August 2017 revising the implementing 
provisions of the ACE legislation, if the amount of the notional yield (i.e. the ACE deduction) exceeds net 
income declared for a given tax year (the “Excess ACE”), such excess (i) may increase the amount deductible 
from income in subsequent tax years without time or amount limits, or (ii) may be converted into a tax credit 
calculated by applying the IRES tax rate, as per article 77 of the TUIR, to the Excess ACE amount and then 
utilised in five annual instalments of equal amount as an offset to IRAP up to the amount of tax due for the 
period. 
From time to time, the Italian budget law may also include provisions that affect the deductibility of particular 
items that could result in an increase in the taxable income of the Issuer for IRES and/or IRAP purposes, either 
in general or for specific tax period(s). 
The transposition of the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives in Luxembourg law could have an impact on the tax 
position of Mediobanca International (including its performance) and on MBFL 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised implementation of a 
number of the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 
("ATAD 1") on 12 July 2016. The EU Council further adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 (“ATAD 2” 
and, together with ATAD 1, “ATAD”) on 29 May 2017, amending ATAD 1, to provide for minimum standards 
for counteracting hybrid mismatches involving EU member states and third countries. 
In this respect, the Luxembourg law dated 21 December 2018 (the "ATAD 1 Law") transposed the ATAD 1 into 
Luxembourg legislation. Amongst the measures contained in the ATAD 1 Law is an interest deductibility 
limitation rule.  
The interest deduction limitation rule set out by ATAD 1 has been implemented in article 168bis of the

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
 
Luxembourg income tax law (“LITL”) effective as of 1 January 2019, which restrict, for a Luxembourg taxpayer, 
the deduction of net interest expenses qualifying as “exceeding borrowing costs” to the higher of (i) 30 per cent. 
of the taxpayer’s EBITDA or (ii) €3 million.  
Exceeding borrowing costs are defined as the amount by which the deductible borrowing costs of a taxpayer 
exceeds the taxpayer’s taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent taxable income of the 
taxpayer. Exceeding borrowing costs not deductible in a tax period can be carried forward indefinitely. The same 
applies to a taxpayer’s excess interest capacity which cannot be used in a given tax period (however, such excess 
interest capacity can only be carried forward for a maximum period of 5 years). 
Financial undertakings, such as credit institutions, are excluded from the scope of the interest limitation rule, 
hence, considering that Mediobanca International is a credit institution within the meaning of the law dated 5 
April 1993, it is not impacted by this interest limitation rule. That being said, MBFL may be impacted by the 
interest limitation rule. 
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives also contain rules relating to so-called hybrid mismatches. Luxembourg 
implemented the anti-hybrid mismatch rules under ATAD 2 in article 168ter of the LITL with effect as of 1 
January 2020, except for the measures related to reverse hybrid mismatches which apply as from fiscal year 2022. 
As per article 168ter of the LITL, a hybrid mismatch arises when a payment between entities located in different 
states results in a double deduction or a deduction without inclusion. In the event of a double deduction, the 
deriving hybrid mismatch should be adjusted by denying the deduction at the level of either (i) the payee or (ii) 
the payor (provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of the payee). In the event of a 
deduction without inclusion, the deriving hybrid mismatch shall be adjusted by means of either (i) the denial of 
the deduction at the level of the payor or (ii) the inclusion of the payment in the taxable income of the payee 
(provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of the payor). 
A hybrid mismatch occurs only if it arises either (i) between "associated enterprises" or in the case of “acting 
together", (ii) a taxpayer and an associated enterprise, (iii) head office and permanent establishment, (iv) two or 
more permanent establishments of the same entity or (v) in the case of a structured arrangement. 
The impact of ATAD 2 depends on the tax treatment at the level of the relevant holder of Notes and may alter the 
tax position and hence the performance of Mediobanca International and MBFL. 
2. 
Risks relating to the Notes 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
(A) 
GENERAL 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all Investors

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
proceed with investment only after fully appreciating the risks inherent in the nature of the Notes; 
(ii) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(iii) 
evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the 
Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behavior of any relevant indices and 
financial markets; 
(v) 
consider all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with payments thereunder payable 
in one or more currencies, or where the currency for payments thereunder is different from the potential 
investor's currency; and 
(vi) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes; 
(vii) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
In addition, an investment in Share Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Credit Linked Notes, 
Inflation Linked Notes, Physical Delivery Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, FX Linked Notes, Interest Rate 
Linked Notes and Debt Linked Notes may entail significant risks not associated with investments in conventional 
securities such as debt or equity securities, including, but not limited to, the risks set out in "Risks related to the 
structure of a particular issue of Notes" set out below. 
The Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. 
A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise 
(either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the 
resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's 
overall investment portfolio. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common risks. 
The Notes involve a high degree of risk, which may include, among others, interest rate, foreign exchange, time 
value and political risks. Purchasers should be prepared to sustain a partial or total loss of the purchase price of 
their Notes. This risk reflects the nature of a Note as an asset which, other factors held constant, tends to decline 
in value over time and which may become worthless on maturity. See "Certain Factors Affecting the Value and

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
 
Trading Price of Notes" below. Prospective purchasers of Notes should be experienced with respect to options 
and option transactions, should understand the risks of transactions involving the relevant Notes and should reach 
an investment decision only after careful consideration, with their advisers, of the suitability of such Notes in light 
of their particular financial circumstances, the information set forth herein and the information regarding the 
relevant Notes and the particular share (or basket of shares), index (or basket of indices), fund (or basket of funds), 
reference entity (or reference entities), inflation rate, commodity (or basket of commodities), debt instrument (or 
basket of debt instruments), interest rate (or basket of interest rates), currency exchange rate or foreign exchange 
rate to which the value of the relevant Notes may relate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each an 
“Underlying Reference”). Each Issuer may also issue Notes linked to the credit of a specified entity (or entities) 
(each such entity “a "Reference Entity" and, where the context admits, each an "Underlying Reference"). 
Notes linked to Underlying Reference(s) will represent an investment linked to the economic performance of the 
relevant Underlying Reference(s) and potential investors should note that the return (if any) on their investment 
in such Notes will depend upon the performance of such Underlying Reference(s). Notes linked to the difference 
in performance between two Underlying References (in case of Multiple Final Payout - Performance Differential 
Notes) will represent an investment linked to the difference between the economic performance of the relevant 
Underlying Reference(s) and potential investors should note that the return (if any) on their investment in such 
Notes will depend upon the relative performance of such Underlying References. Potential investors should also 
note that whilst the market value of such Notes is linked to such Underlying Reference(s) and will be influenced 
(positively or negatively) by such Underlying Reference(s), any change in the market value of such Notes may 
not be comparable to changes in the market value of the Underlying Reference(s). It is impossible to predict how 
the market value of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) will vary over time. 
The exposure to the Underlying Reference in many cases will be achieved by the relevant Issuer entering into 
hedging arrangements. Potential investors should be aware that under the terms of Underlying Reference linked 
Notes they are exposed to the performance of these hedging arrangements and the events that may affect these 
hedging arrangements and consequently the occurrence of any of these events may affect the value of the Notes. 
The risk of the loss of some or all of the subscription or purchase price of a Note at maturity means that, in order 
to recover and realise a return upon his or her investment, an investor must generally be correct about the direction, 
timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value of the Underlying Reference or credit risk of the 
Reference Entity ("Entities") which may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Assuming all other factors 
are held constant, the lower the value of a Note and the shorter the remaining term to settlement, the greater the 
risk that Noteholders of such Notes will lose all or part of their investment. 
Fluctuations in the price of the relevant share or value of the basket of shares will affect the value of Share Linked 
Notes. Fluctuations in the value of the relevant index will affect the value of Index Linked Notes. Fluctuations in 
the value of the relevant fund or the value of the basket of funds will affect the value of Fund Linked Notes. 
Fluctuations in the market price for the purchase of credit protection in relation to the relevant reference entity or 
basket of reference entities will affect the value of Credit Linked Notes. Fluctuations in the value of the relevant 
inflation rate will affect the value of Inflation Linked Notes. Fluctuations in the value of the relevant commodity 
or basket of commodities will affect the value of Commodity Linked Notes. Fluctuations in the rates of exchange

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
 
between the relevant currencies will affect the value of FX Linked Notes. Fluctuations in the value of the relevant 
debt instrument or basket of debt instruments will affect the value of Debt Linked Notes. Fluctuations in the value 
of the relevant interest rate or basket of interest rates will affect the value of Interest Rate Linked Notes. Purchasers 
of Notes risk losing their entire investment if the value of the relevant Reference Item does not move in the 
anticipated direction. 
The risk of the loss of some or all of the purchase price of a Note upon maturity means that, in order to recover 
and realise a return upon his or her investment, a purchaser of a Note must generally be correct about the direction, 
timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value of the relevant Underlying Reference. Assuming all 
other factors are held constant, the lower the value of a Note and the shorter its remaining term to maturity, the 
greater the risk that purchasers of such Note will lose all or part of their investment. 
The historical performances of an Underlying Reference should not be viewed as an indication of the future 
performance of such Underlying Reference during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential investor 
should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risks entailed by an investment in any Notes and the 
suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Each Issuer may issue several issues of Notes relating to various Underlying References. However, no assurance 
can be given that the relevant Issuer will issue any Notes other than the Notes to which particular Final Terms 
relate. At any given time, the number of Notes outstanding may be substantial. 
Notes provide opportunities for investment and pose risks to investors as a result of fluctuations in the value of 
the underlying investment. Notes on shares, interests in exchange traded instruments, debt instruments or fund 
shares or units or fund indices are priced primarily on the basis of the value of underlying securities whilst Notes 
on currencies and commodities are priced primarily on the basis of present and expected values of the reference 
currency (or basket of currencies) or commodity (or basket of commodities) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If 'Structuring Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms the value of and return on the 
Notes will be reduced by a structuring fee. The structuring fee will accrue from the Issue Date or the scheduled 
trading day following the Issue Date until the relevant valuation date, therefore the longer the term of the Notes, 
the greater the reduction in the value of and return on the Notes by the structuring fee. Before purchasing a Note 
Investors should understand the effect of the structuring fee on the value of and return on the Note. 
Potential loss of the Noteholder's investment in the Notes 
Each Noteholder may receive a Final Redemption Amount and/or physical delivery of the Entitlement the 
aggregate value of which may be less than the value of the Noteholder's investment in the relevant Notes. In 
certain circumstances Noteholders may lose the entire value of their investment. 
Possible Illiquidity of the Notes in the secondary market

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
 
It is very difficult to predict the price at which Notes will trade in the secondary market or whether such market 
will be liquid or illiquid. The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list or ask for admission to trading of Notes on a 
stock exchange or a trading venue. If the Notes are not listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
trading venue, pricing information for the Notes may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of the Notes 
may be adversely affected. If the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or trading venue, 
there can be no assurance that at a later date, the Notes will not be delisted or that trading on such stock exchange 
or trading venue will not be suspended. In the event of a delisting or suspension of listing or trading on a stock 
exchange or trading venue, the relevant Issuer will use its reasonable efforts to list or obtain the admission to 
trading of the Notes on another stock exchange or trading venue. Also, to the extent Notes of a particular issue 
are settled in part, the number of Notes of such issue outstanding will decrease, resulting in a diminished liquidity 
for the remaining Notes of such issue. A decrease in the liquidity of an issue of Notes may cause, in turn, an 
increase in the volatility associated with the price of such issue of Notes. 
Each Issuer and any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open 
market or by tender or private offer/treaty. Any Notes so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for 
cancellation as further described herein. Each Issuer or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, be a market-
maker for an issue of Notes. In those circumstances, the entity acting as market-maker will endeavour to maintain 
a secondary market throughout the life of the Notes, subject to normal market conditions and will submit bid and 
offer prices to the market. The spread between bid and offer prices may change during the life of the Notes. 
However, during certain periods, it may be difficult, impractical or impossible for the entity acting as market-
maker to quote bid and offer prices, and during such periods, it may be difficult, impracticable or impossible to 
buy or sell these Notes. This may, for example, be due to adverse market conditions, volatile prices or large price 
fluctuations, a large marketplace being closed or restricted or experiencing technical problems such as an IT 
system failure or network disruption. 
Even if the relevant Issuer or such other entity is a market-maker for an issue of Notes, the secondary market for 
such Notes may be limited.  
Investors should note that if an entity is appointed as market-maker or liquidity provider with respect to the Notes 
in the secondary market, this may, in certain circumstances, affect the price of the Notes in the secondary market.  
In addition, all or part of the Notes issued under the Programme may be subscribed upon issuance by the relevant 
Issuer itself or by its Affiliate(s) for resales thereafter on the basis of investors’ demand. Accordingly, investors 
subscribing for Notes upon their issuance should be aware that there may not be a viable secondary market for the 
relevant Notes immediately. Even if a market does develop subsequently, it may not be very liquid.  
Risk of leveraged exposure  
Leverage involves the use of a number of financial techniques to increase the exposure to an Underlying 
Reference, and can therefore magnify both returns and losses. While the use of leverage allows for potential 
multiples of a return (assuming a return is achieved) when the Underlying Reference moves in the anticipated 
direction, it will conversely magnify losses when the Underlying Reference moves against expectations. If the

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
 
relevant Notes include leverage, potential holders of such Notes should note that these Notes will involve a higher 
level of risk, and that whenever there are losses such losses may be higher than those of a similar note which is 
not leveraged. Investors should therefore only invest in leveraged Notes if they fully understand the effects of 
leverage. 
Absence of rights in respect of the Underlying Reference 
The Notes do not represent a claim against any Underlying Reference (or any issuer, sponsor, manager or other 
connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference) and Noteholders will not have any right of recourse 
under the Notes to any such Underlying Reference (or any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in 
respect of an Underlying Reference). The Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any 
issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference and such entities have 
no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions on any Noteholders. 
Exposure to modification and disruption events  
In case certain events, indicated in the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, occurs with reference 
to the relevant Underlying Reference(s) or the Notes, the Calculation Agent and the Issuer have broad discretion 
to make certain determinations to account for such event(s) including to (i) make adjustments to the terms of the 
Notes and/or (ii) cause early redemption of the Notes, any of which determinations may have an adverse effect 
on the value of the Notes. 
The investor should consider that the effects of coronavirus pandemic (such as the measures taken by governments 
and authorities in this respect) may cause the occurrence of the events indicated above and involve such 
adjustments to the terms of the Notes and/or early redemption of the Notes. 
Unsecured Notes are unsecured obligations 
Unsecured Notes are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank pari passu 
with themselves. Each issue of Unsecured Notes issued by Mediobanca International and/or MBFL will be 
guaranteed by Mediobanca pursuant to the deed of guarantee executed by the Guarantor and dated 18 September 
2023 (the "Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee”) and the deed of guarantee executed by the 
Guarantor and dated 18 September 2023 (the “MBFL Deed of Guarantee”). The obligations of Mediobanca 
under the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL Deed of Guarantee are unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of Mediobanca and will rank pari passu with all its other present and future unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations, subject as may from time to time be mandatory under Italian law and subject to the 
application of the bail-in legislation applicable to the Guarantor. 
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of the Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Notes) or the value of the Entitlement (the "Physical 
Settlement Value") (in the case of Physical Delivery Notes) at any time prior to expiration is typically expected 
to be less than the trading price of such Notes at that time. The difference between the trading price and the Final

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
 
Redemption Amount or the Physical Settlement Value, as the case may be, will reflect, among other things, a 
"time value" for the Notes. The "time value" of the Notes will depend partly upon the length of the period 
remaining to expiration and expectations concerning the value or level of the Underlying Reference(s). Notes 
offer hedging and investment diversification opportunities but also pose some additional risks with regard to 
interim value. The interim value of the Notes varies with the price level of the Underlying Reference(s), as well 
as by a number of other interrelated factors, including those specified herein.  
Before selling Notes, Noteholders should carefully consider the factors set out below, which may cause the value 
and trading price of the Notes to fluctuate, either positively or negatively:  
(a) 
the trading price of the Notes; 
(b) 
the value and volatility of the Underlying Reference(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Depending on the applicable payout or interest amounts, movements in the value and/or volatility of the 
Underlying Reference may cause the value of the Notes to either rise or fall; 
(c) 
the time remaining until the scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes. Depending on the applicable payout or 
interest amounts, the value of the Notes may fluctuate as the time remaining until the scheduled maturity 
date decreases; 
(d) 
in the case of Cash Settled Notes the probable range of Final Redemption Amounts; 
(e) 
any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields, if applicable. Depending on the applicable 
payout or coupon or interest rates, movements in interest rates and/or dividends may cause the value of the 
Notes to either rise or fall;  
(f) 
any change(s) in currency exchange rates;  
(g) 
the depth of the market or liquidity of the Underlying Reference as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and  
(h) 
any related transaction costs. 
Such factors may mean that the trading price of the Notes is below the Final Redemption Amount.  
Modification  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor may, without the 
prior consent of the holders of the Notes correct (i) any manifest error in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
 
and/or in the Final Terms, (ii) any error of a formal, minor or technical nature in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes and/or in the Final Terms or (iii) any inconsistency in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or in the 
Final Terms between the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the Final Terms and any other documents 
prepared in connection with the issue and/or offer of a Series of Notes (provided such correction is not materially 
prejudicial to the holders of the relevant Series of Notes). Any such correction shall be binding on the holders of 
the relevant Notes and the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) shall cause such correction to be 
notified to the holders of the Notes as soon as practicable thereafter pursuant to Base Condition 15 (Agents, 
determinations, Meetings of Noteholders and modifications). 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may also engage in trading activities (including hedging activities) 
related to the asset or other basis of reference underlying any Notes and other instruments or derivative products 
based on or related to the asset or other basis of reference underlying any Note for their proprietary accounts or 
for other accounts under their management. The Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may also issue other derivative 
instruments in respect of the asset or other basis of reference underlying Notes. The relevant Issuer and/or any of 
its Affiliates may also act as underwriter in connection with future offerings of shares or other securities related 
to an issue of Notes or may act as financial adviser to certain companies or companies whose shares are included 
in a basket of shares or in a commercial banking capacity for such companies. Such activities could present certain 
conflicts of interest, could influence the prices of such shares or other securities and could adversely affect the 
value of such Notes. 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Calculation Agent may make certain determinations in respect 
of the Notes (including whether a Market Disruption Event, a Settlement Disruption Event or Credit Event (each, 
as defined in the Terms and Conditions) has occurred) which could affect the amount payable by the relevant 
Issuer on the Notes. In exercising its right to make such determinations, the Calculation Agent is obligated to 
carry out its duties and functions as Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner however, subject to always acting only within the parameters allowed by the terms and conditions of the 
Notes, it has no responsibility to take investors' interests into account. Where the relevant Issuer acts as Calculation 
Agent, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders, including with 
respect to those determinations that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Notes that may influence the 
Final Redemption Amount payable, or the Entitlement deliverable (as the case may be), on the Maturity Date. 
Investors should note that Notes issued under the Programme may be underwritten by Dealers (including 
Mediobanca) which receive in consideration underwriting commissions and selling concessions. The relevant 
Issuer may also offer and sell Notes directly to investors without the involvement of any Dealer. In addition, 
Mediobanca may act as market maker or specialist or perform other similar roles in connection with the Notes: 
potential conflicts of interest may exist between Mediobanca acting in such capacity on the one hand, and investors 
in the Notes on the other. 
Investors should note too that Mediobanca itself is acting in a number of capacities in connection with the issuance 
of the Notes. In particular Mediobanca will act as, inter alia, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor in respect of

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
 
Mediobanca International's and MBFL’s obligations, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent, the Arranger and Italian 
Paying Agent. 
Even if its respective rights and obligations in relation to the issuance of the Notes are not conflicting and are 
independent from one another, in performing any such obligations in these different capacities, Mediobanca may 
be in a situation of conflict of interests. Mediobanca will only have the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed 
to by such entity in the relevant capacity and will not, by virtue of its or any of its affiliates acting in any other 
capacity, be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a duty of care other than as 
expressly provided in respect of each such capacity. 
Any further conflict of interest, including conflicts between the relevant Issuer and any Dealers or distributors 
will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
In respect of ETI Linked Notes and Fund Linked Notes:  
(a) 
the relevant Issuer or one or more of its Affiliates may from time to time engage in business with the 
relevant ETI or Fund, as the case may be, or companies in which an ETI or Fund, as the case may be, 
invests, including among other things, extending loans to, or making investments in, or providing advisory 
services to them, including merger and acquisition advisory services, engaging in activities that may 
include prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions;  
(b) 
the ETI or Fund (each as defined below), as applicable, may pay a portion of its fees to the relevant Issuer 
or any of its Affiliates for the provision of such services;  
(c) 
in the course of this business, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Calculation Agent and any of 
their respective Affiliates may acquire non-public information about an ETI or a Fund, as applicable, or 
any companies, funds or reference assets in which an ETI or a Fund invests and the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if any), the Calculation Agent or any of their respective Affiliates may publish research reports 
about them. This research may be modified from time to time without notice and may express opinions or 
provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding ETI Linked Notes or Fund 
Linked Notes, as applicable. Such activities could present certain conflicts of interest, could influence the 
prices of such shares, Fund Shares, ETI Interests or other securities and could adversely affect the value of 
such Notes; 
Certain considerations regarding subscribing or purchasing Notes as hedges 
Prospective investors intending to subscribe or purchase Notes to hedge against the market risk associated with 
investing in the Underlying Reference which may be specified in the applicable Final Terms should recognise the 
complexities of utilising Notes in this manner. For example, the value of the Notes may not exactly correlate with 
the value of the Underlying Reference which may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Due to fluctuating 
supply and demand for the Notes, there is no assurance that their value will correlate with movements of the 
Underlying Reference which may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. For these reasons, among others, it

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
 
may not be possible to purchase or liquidate securities in a portfolio at the prices used to calculate the value of 
any relevant Underlying Reference.  
The Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates or agents may from time to time hedge the relevant Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes (and under other instruments and OTC contracts issued by or entered into from time 
to time by the relevant Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates or agents relating to such securities) by taking 
positions, directly or indirectly, in the relevant Underlying Reference. Although the relevant Issuer has no reason 
to believe that such hedging activities will have a material impact on the price of any relevant Underlying 
Reference, there can be no assurance that such hedging activities will not adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
The terms of the Notes contain no negative pledge, and the Issuer is not prohibited from incurring additional 
debt  
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes place no restrictions 
on the incurrence by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) of additional obligations that rank pari passu with, 
or senior to, the Notes. In addition, the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) may pledge assets to secure other 
notes or debt instruments without granting an equivalent pledge or security interest and status to the Notes.  
Bull and Bear Notes 
Bull Notes and Bear Notes (together, the "Bull and Bear Notes" or "Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor 
Notes") are designed for very short-term trading or intraday trading and are not intended for buy-to-hold investing. 
The percentage change in value of the Notes over one day will be the Leverage Factor which is a constant factor 
for each Note multiplied by the daily performance of the relevant Underlying Reference measured as the 
percentage change of the reference price from one day to the next day adjusted by the applicable Financing 
Component (which includes a Fee, an Interest Margin and Hedging Costs and may be positive or negative 
depending on, amongst other things, prevailing interest rates). Bull Notes aim to produce a performance equal to 
the Leverage Factor (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) multiplied by the performance of the relevant 
Underlying Reference whereas Bear Notes aim to produce a performance equal to the Leverage Factor times the 
inverse performance of the relevant Underlying Reference. However, because the performance of the Notes over 
any period longer than one day will be derived from the compounded daily performance of the relevant Underlying 
Reference during that period, such Note's performance may differ significantly to the overall performance of the 
Underlying Reference over that same period. Accordingly, compared to a Note that measures change in value of 
the Underlying Reference between two dates, Bull and Bear Notes may have significantly different outcomes 
depending on the number and direction of changes in the daily value of the Underlying Reference over such period 
and the order in which such changes occur. Bull and Bear Notes are therefore described as "path-dependent" 
financial instruments. The potential for divergence between the Performance of the Bull and Bear Notes and the 
performance of the Underlying Reference over the same period of time will increase as such period becomes

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
 
longer and will be most marked in periods when the value of the Underlying Reference is volatile. Consequently, 
Bull or Bear Notes are only suitable for intra-day trading or very short investment periods. 
If "Maturity Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may elect to either 
postpone the Maturity Date of the Bull or Bear Notes. Unless a Noteholder exercises its option to request the 
Issuer to early settle the Notes, the risks of investing in Bull and Bear Notes described above may increase. If a 
Noteholder exercises its option to request the Issuer to early settle the Notes, such Noteholder may receive less 
than their original investment, as the Optional Settlement Amount will be calculated based on the performance of 
the Bull and Bear Notes, as described above, as of the Optional Settlement Valuation Date. 
If "Reverse Split" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Reverse Split Event occurs, the 
Issuer may, at its option, elect that the Notes be consolidated and cancel the Notes held by Noteholders and, in 
lieu thereof, deliver to Noteholders a reduced number of Bull or Bear Notes of a new series. The new series of 
Notes issued by the Issuer will have identical terms to the original Bull or Bear Notes, save that the value of the 
Bull or Bear Notes will be consolidated to reflect the economic effect of reducing the number of Bull or Bear 
Notes in issue, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. If required, the Issuer will also pay to Noteholders a cash adjustment amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent to reflect the economic effect of reducing the number of Bull or Bear Notes in issue, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Upon receiving notice of a 
reverse split, a Noteholder may exercise its option to request the Issuer to early settle the Notes, in which case, 
such Noteholder may receive less than their original investment, as the Optional Settlement Amount will be 
calculated based on the performance of the Bull and Bear Notes, as described above, as of the Optional Settlement 
Valuation Date. 
 
There are no events of default under the Unsecured Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (other than Secured Notes) do not include events of default allowing for 
the acceleration of the Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) fail 
to meet any obligations under the Notes, Noteholders will not be able to accelerate the payment of amounts under 
the Notes. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to holders of such Notes for recovery of amounts 
owing in respect of any payment on such Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) will not, by virtue of the institution of 
any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable 
by it. 
Limited exposure to Underlying Reference 
The Notes may provide for the application to the relevant Underlying Reference of a component weight, in order 
to increase or decrease the percentage of each Underlying Reference used to determine the amounts payable or 
deliverable to investors. The component weight may be lower than 100 per cent.

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
 
In such case, the amounts payable or deliverable to investors will be reduced and, therefore, will contribute to the 
yield of the Notes only to such reduced extent. The performance of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) will, 
therefore, impact the yield of the Notes only to a limited extent. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that the exposure of the relevant Notes to one or more Underlying References 
is limited or capped at a certain level or amount, the relevant Notes will not benefit from any upside in the value 
of any such Underlying References beyond such limit or cap. 
Expenses and taxation 
A holder of Notes must pay all Expenses relating to such Notes. As used in the Conditions, Expenses means all 
taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, sale 
commissions, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties 
arising from the redemption of such Notes and/or the delivery or transfer of the Entitlement (as applicable) 
pursuant to the terms of such Notes as more fully set out in Base Condition 17 (Expenses and Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which 
may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of any Note by any person and all 
payments made by the relevant Issuer shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment 
which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted and no additional amount shall be payable to any 
relevant Noteholder in respect of any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment. The payment of all Expenses 
by the Noteholders is likely to adversely affect the overall return they achieve on their investment in the Notes. 
Other taxation considerations 
It is not possible to predict whether the taxation regime applicable to Notes on the date of purchase or subscription 
will be amended during the term of the Notes. If such amendments are made, the taxation regime applicable to 
the Notes may differ substantially from the taxation regime in existence on the date of purchase or subscription 
of the Notes and such amendments could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by them. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions are based on English law or Italian law, as the case may be, in effect as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, except for the status provisions applicable to the Notes and the contractual recognition of 
bail-in powers provisions, and any non contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such provisions, 
which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law (if the Notes are issued by Mediobanca) 
or Luxembourg law (if the Notes are issued by Mediobanca International or MBFL), as applicable. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to an administrative practice or change 
to English law or Italian and/or Luxembourg law, as applicable, after the date of this Base Prospectus and any 
such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Procedures of clearing systems

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
 
Unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or 
more Global Notes and such Global Note will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not 
be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system provided in the Final Terms will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the relevant Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Notes must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes. Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of 
the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system to appoint appropriate 
proxies. 
Italian Dematerialised Notes issued under the Programme will be in dematerialised form and evidenced at any 
time through book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998, as amended 
and integrated by subsequent implementing provisions, and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined 
Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as amended by Provision Consob and the Bank of Italy of 10 October 2022 and 
as amended and integrated by subsequent implementing provisions. In no circumstance would physical documents 
of title be issued in respect of the Italian Dematerialised Notes. While the Italian Dematerialised Notes are 
represented by book entries, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euronext 
Securities Milan“ ("Euronext Securities Milan”, the commercial name of Monte Titoli S.p.A.) and the authorised 
financial intermediaries holding accounts on behalf of their customers with Euronext Securities Milan. As the 
Italian Dematerialised Notes are held in dematerialised form with Euronext Securities Milan, investors will have 
to rely on the procedures of Euronext Securities Milan and the financial intermediaries authorised to hold accounts 
therewith, for transfer, payment and communication with the relevant Issuer or Guarantor (if any). 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes will be accepted for settlement in Euroclear UK & Ireland 
(formerly known as CRESTCo) ("CREST") via the CREST Depository Interest mechanism, investors will hold 
indirect interests in Notes through CREST through the issuance of CREST Depository Interest ("CDIs") issued, 
held, settled and transferred through CREST. CDIs are independent securities constituted under English law and 
transferred through CREST and will be issued by CREST Depository Limited (the "CREST Depositary") to 
investors ("CDI Holders") pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as subsequently modified, 
supplemented and/or restated) (the "CREST Deed Poll"). 
The rights of CDI Holders in respect of Notes are represented by the relevant entitlements against the CREST 
Depository which (through CREST International Nominees Limited or any other body appointed to act as nominee

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
 
on behalf of the CREST Depository (the "CREST Nominee")) holds interests in such Notes. Accordingly, rights 
under Notes underlying CDIs cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly through the intermediary 
depositaries and custodians. 
The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant Issuer, including the CREST Deed Poll. Potential investors should note that the 
provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual and the CREST Rules (each as defined in section “Forms 
of the Notes”, under paragraph entitled “Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited" below) contain indemnities, warranties, 
representations and undertakings to be given by CDI Holders and limitations on the liability of the CREST 
Depository. CDI Holders are bound by such provisions and may incur liabilities pursuant to or resulting from a 
breach of any such indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of the amounts originally 
invested by them. As a result, the rights of and returns received by CDI Holders may differ from those of Holders 
of Notes which are not represented by CDIs. 
In addition, CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to the CREST Depository in 
connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links Service (as defined in section “Forms of the 
Notes”, under paragraph entitled “Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited" below). These will include the fees and 
expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision of services by it under the CREST Deed 
Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be or become payable in connection with the 
holding of Notes through the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
Potential investors should note that none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), any Dealer or any 
Agent will have any responsibility for the performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations. 
Termination of Notes in the event of illegality or impracticability 
If the relevant Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Notes or that any arrangements 
made to hedge the relevant Issuer's obligations under the Notes have become (i) illegal in whole or in part for any 
reason, or (ii) by reason of a force majeure event (such as an act of God, fire, flood, severe weather conditions, or 
a labour dispute or shortage) or an act of state occurring after the Issue Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), impossible or impracticable the relevant Issuer may settle the Notes. 
If the relevant Issuer settles the Notes pursuant to an illegality then the relevant Issuer will, if and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by such holder, which 
amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Note, notwithstanding such illegality less, unless Unwind Costs 
are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the relevant Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates or agents of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in 
respect of such hedging arrangements), all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
 
If the relevant Issuer settles the Notes by reason of a force majeure event or an act of state, then the relevant Issuer 
will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note 
held by such holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the 
applicable force majeure event or act of state, as the case may be, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in respect of such hedging 
arrangements), all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner.  
In the cases described above, the amount paid by the Issuer to the Noteholders may be less than the subscription 
or purchase price of the Notes and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
Post-issuance information 
Save as set out in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer will not provide post-issuance information in 
relation to the Underlying Reference. In such an event, investors will not be entitled to obtain such information 
from the relevant Issuer. 
The interest amount payable on the Notes or the amount payable or deliverable at maturity of the Notes may in 
certain circumstances be changed during the life of the Notes. 
If Coupon Switch Election or Automatic Coupon Switch is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the interest 
rate payable may be switched from one rate or amount to another in the Issuer’s discretion (in the case of Coupon 
Switch Election) or following the occurrence of an Automatic Coupon Switch Event (in the case of an Automatic 
Coupon Switch). If Payout Switch Election or Automatic Payout Switch is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the amount payable or deliverable on settlement may be switched from one amount payable or deliverable to 
another in the Issuer’s  discretion (in the case of Payout Switch Election) or following the occurrence of an 
Automatic Payout Switch Event (in the case of an Automatic Payout Switch). As a consequence of the exercise 
of a Coupon Switch Election or Payout Switch Election or the occurrence of an Automatic Coupon Switch Event 
or Automatic Payout Switch Event, the Underlying Reference may be changed. As the payout on such Notes may 
be switched during the life of the Notes investors may receive a return which differs from, and may be significantly 
less than, that which they expected to receive or they may receive no return. 
Impossibility to know the amount of the Notes in circulation on the date of issue  
The Notes may be issued and withheld by the relevant Issuer for the progressive sale on the market in accordance 
with investors’ demand. In this context an investor who acquires the Notes does not know in the moment of 
subscription or purchase how much of the issued Notes effectively are publicly traded with the consequence that 
the amount in circulation could be meagre and may not guarantee successively adequate liquidity in the Notes. 
Issue of subsequent tranche

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
 
In the event the relevant Issuer decides to issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as already 
existing Notes (in all respects except for the issue price per Note indicated in the applicable Final Terms (the 
"Issue Price"), the Issue Date and/or the first payment of interest amount (if any)) and so that the further Notes 
shall be consolidated and form a single series with the original Notes, the greater amount of Notes in circulation 
could lead to greater liquidity in the secondary market with a consequent negative impact on the price of the 
relevant Notes. 
Physical Delivery Requirements and Redemption Risk  
Where “Physical Settlement according to Base Condition 12.1” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in order to receive the Entitlement in respect of a Physical Delivery Note, the holder of such Note (acting 
through the relevant ESM Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised Notes) must (1) deliver or send by 
authenticated swift message (confirmed in writing) to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be), with a copy to the relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying 
Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Notes) a duly completed Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice on or 
prior to the relevant time on the Maturity Date (in the case of a Physical Delivery Note) and (2) pay the relevant 
Expenses, together with any other amounts payable. In case of failure to do so the Issuer shall have no obligation 
to make delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Note unless and until a duly completed Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice is delivered as provided in the terms and conditions. If the duly completed Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice is delivered after 10.00 a.m. (Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be) on the 
Maturity Date, delivery of such Entitlement shall be made as soon as possible thereafter but not earlier than the 
Maturity Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant holder of a Note shall not be entitled to any additional or 
further payment by reason of the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Note occurring after the Maturity 
Date as a result of such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice being delivered after 10.00 a.m. (Brussels or 
Luxembourg time, as the case may be) on the Maturity Date.  
In connection with the exercise of Physical Delivery Notes, unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent may determine that a Settlement Disruption Event or, if applicable, a Failure to 
Deliver due to Illiquidity is subsisting. Any such determination may affect the value of the Notes and/or may delay 
settlement and/or lead to cash settlement rather than physical settlement in respect of the Notes.  
In relation to Physical Delivery Notes, under the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL 
Deed of Guarantee, the Guarantor has the right at all times to elect not to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Entitlement to the holders of Physical Delivery Notes, but in lieu thereof to pay an amount in cash equal to the 
Guaranteed Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Such cash payment will constitute a complete discharge of 
the Guarantor’s obligations in relation to such Physical Delivery Notes. 
The Barrier Level, Bonus Level and/or Cap Level may not be known until after the Issue Date  
In certain circumstances in respect of SFP Payouts, the Barrier Level, Bonus Level and/or Cap Level may not be 
known at the issue date of the Notes. In these circumstances, the Final Terms will specify that the Barrier Level,

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
 
Bonus Level and/or Cap Level, as applicable, will be the product of a specified percentage and the Closing Level, 
Closing Price, Italian Notes Reference Price, Relevant Price or Settlement Price, as applicable, of the Underlying 
Reference on the Strike Date (rounded upwards or downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). Following the Strike Date, the Issuer will give notice of the 
actual Barrier Level, Bonus Level and/or Cap Level, as applicable, applicable to the Notes. Prospective investors 
should review the Final Terms together with the information contained in the notice in order to ascertain the 
Barrier Level, Bonus Level and/or Cap Level which will apply to the Notes. 
Risks relating to automatic early redemption of the Notes 
In the case of Notes that include an Automatic Early Redemption feature, the longer the time remaining until the 
scheduled maturity date of the Notes, the higher the probability that an Automatic Early Redemption Event will 
occur. 
In the event that the relevant level, value or price of the Underlying Reference approaches the level that triggers 
the Automatic Early Redemption Event, the Noteholder may not be able to sell the Notes in the secondary market 
before the occurrence of the Automatic Early Redemption Event (see also "Possible illiquidity of the Notes in the 
secondary market" above). If the Underlying Reference is listed on a different exchange to that on which the 
Notes are listed, the Automatic Early Redemption Event may occur outside the normal trading hours of the 
exchange on which the Notes are listed. In this case, the Noteholder may not have an opportunity to sell the Notes 
in the secondary market before the Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs. 
Risk of loss following automatic early redemption of the Notes 
In the case of Notes that include an Automatic Early Redemption feature, if the relevant level, value or price of 
the Underlying Reference(s) reaches the level that triggers the Automatic Early Redemption Event, the product 
will automatically settled before the scheduled maturity date. Depending on the applicable payout, the Noteholder 
may lose some or all of their investment in the Notes. 
Gap risk 
Noteholders will be exposed to the gap risk associated with the relevant level, value or price of the Underlying 
Reference(s), whereby the relevant level, value or price of one or more Underlying Reference may change 
suddenly and significantly during the trading day or at the opening of the market. Such change may be positive or 
negative. 
The price of the Notes may include a premium, which includes the cost to the Issuer or its Affiliates of unwinding 
its hedging positions in relation to the Notes on early redemption of the Notes. The calculation of the premium 
charged to Noteholders is based on the gap risk associated with the relevant level, value or price of the Underlying 
Reference(s). The Noteholder will not receive a refund of this premium if an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs. 
Reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
 
The Notes may be linked to a "benchmark" as defined under the Benchmark Regulation. The Benchmarks 
Regulation, inter alia: (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, 
to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, 
if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The scope of the Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to applying to so-called "critical benchmark" 
indices, could also potentially apply to many other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign 
exchange rate indices and other indices (including "proprietary" indices or strategies) which are referenced in 
listed financial instruments (including listed Notes), financial contracts and investment funds. In this respect, any 
changes to a "benchmark" due to the Benchmark Regulation could, inter alia: (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the "benchmark"; or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
In such events, depending on the particular "benchmarks" and the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could 
be delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted and their volatility may be affected. 
In addition, the application of the fallback methods to be applied in the event that a "benchmark" to which any 
Notes is linked has been discontinued following the adoption of a decision to withdraw the authorization or 
registration as set out in Article 35 of the Benchmark Regulation may expose investors to certain risks connected 
with the adjustment to the interest or payout calculation as provided for respectively in Condition 7(m) 
(Benchmark Rate Replacement) and Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 9 (Benchmark Rate Replacement) and/or 
may generally produce potential negative consequences for the holders of any Notes linked to such "benchmark".  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed critical "benchmarks" are 
subject to recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such critical 
"benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to a 
"benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the “EU Benchmarks 
Regulation”) applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution 
of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU where used to determine the amount 
payable under or the value or performance of certain financial instruments for which a request for admission to 
trading on a trading venue has been made, or which are traded on a trading venue (EU regulated market, EU 
multilateral trading facility ("MTF"), EU organised trading facility ("OTF")) or via a systematic internaliser or 
to measure the performance of certain investment funds with the purpose of tracking the return or defining the 
asset allocation or computing the performance fees.

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
 
The Benchmark Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. Similarly 
to EU Benchmark Regulation, the UK Benchmarks Regulation prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised 
entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, 
if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark rate or index, deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the relevant “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmarks" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide that, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines 
that a Benchmark Rate Event (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred, the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as further described in Base Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement) and Interest Rate 
Linked Note Condition 9 (Benchmark Rate Replacement)) and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. If the Issuer 
is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or 
cannot select, the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Issuer may determine the replacement rate, 
provided that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
the further fallbacks described in the Conditions shall apply. In certain circumstances, including but not limited 
to where the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant 
Screen Page, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest amount for a particular Interest Period 
or the value of the Underlying Reference Rate may result in the rate of interest of the last preceding Interest Period 
or the value of the Underlying Reference Rate of the last preceding Underlying Interest Determination Date being 
used. This may result in effective application of a fixed rate of interest for Notes initially designated to be floating 
rate notes. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative 
Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest amount payments and other 
payments that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
 
could have been made on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. Furthermore, 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Issuer fails to agree a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer may 
have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an Alternative Benchmark Rate or 
adjustment spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. In addition, while 
any Adjustment Spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value 
between counterparties, the application of the Adjustment Spread to the Notes may not do so and may result in 
the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the 
Interest Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. Any such consequences could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant 
change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to the relevant Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national and the possible application of the 
benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes, investigations and licensing issues in making any investment 
decision with respect to the Notes linked to a “benchmark” since the rate of interest will be changed in ways which 
may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such holders be obtained. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
If specified as an Optional Additional Disruption Event in the applicable Final Terms, the occurrence of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event may lead to early settlement or adjustment of the Notes, which may include 
selecting one or more successor benchmarks and making related adjustments to the Notes, including, if applicable 
to reflect increased costs. An Administrator/Benchmark Event may arise if any of the following circumstances 
occurs or will occur: (1) a benchmark is materially changed or permanently cancelled, or (2) (i) the relevant 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of the 
benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, (ii) an application for authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is 
rejected or (iii) any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is 
suspended or inclusion in any official register is withdrawn. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Notes paying a floating interest rate or linked to an Underlying Interest Rate. 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), the euro short-term rate (“€STR”) and the daily Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight ("SARON"), as reference rates for securities continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance 
of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of 
securities referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted.

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme. The Issuers may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON that 
differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under 
this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the eurobond/securities markets could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free 
rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the securities markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in 
the securities, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they 
may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate 
securities issued to date. International Working Groups have identified all the alternative reference rates (ARRs) 
as well as various TERM rates (eg. €STR TERM, SONIA TERM, SOFR TERM and TORF) for both LIBOR and 
EURIBOR. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading 
price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are 
more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a 
limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects. These include 
(without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average 
basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are 
generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on 
interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to 
interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents 
overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more 
volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The level of 
such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, 
if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
 
future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such 
risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest amount on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank 
offered rates, if Nots are early settled on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, if the relevant Notes provide 
for the payment of interest up to such early redemption date, the final Interest Rate payable in respect of such 
Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes are scheduled for maturity. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON or any related indices may make changes that could change 
the value of SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON 
or any related index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York, SIX Swiss Exchange AG or the European Central 
Bank (or their successors) as administrators of SONIA, SOFR, SARON or €STR, respectively, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including 
changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the 
transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR, SARON or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, 
SOFR, SARON or €STR or any related indices. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR, SARON or €STR or any related index (in which case a fallback 
method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider 
the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free 
rate. 
(B) 
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH SPECIFIC TYPES OF NOTES 
Certain Risks Associated with Single Final Payout Notes 
(i) 
Risks associated with Capital Protection Notes  
Capital Protection Notes include: (i) Single Final Payout - Protected Notes and (ii) Single Final Payout - Protected 
Capped Notes, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the performance 
of the Underlying Reference(s) and/or automatic early settlement features apply and on whether the final value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) is at, above, or below a protection level. 
(ii) 
Risks associated with Yield Enhancement Notes 
Yield Enhancement Notes include: (i) Single Final Payout - Parity and Exchange Notes, (ii) Single Final Payout

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
 
– Double Coupon Notes, (iii) Single Final Payout - Continuous Double Coupon Notes, (iv) Single Final Payout- 
Leveraged Capped Notes, (v) Single Final Payout - Knock-Out Leveraged Capped Notes, (vi) Single Final Payout 
- Strike-Out Leveraged Capped Notes, (vii) Single Final Payout - Capped Speed Notes, (viii) Single Final Payout 
- Capped Bonus Parity Exchange, (ix) Single Final Payout – Capped Bonus Notes, (x) Single Final Payout - 
Reverse Capped Notes, (xi) Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus Notes, (xii) Single Final Payout - 
Continuous Capped Bonus Parity Exchange Notes, (xiii) Single Final Payout - Standard Express Notes, (xiv) 
Single Final Payout – Continuous Reverse Level Parity Exchange Notes, (xv) Single Final Payout - Standard Step 
Memory Notes and (xvi) Single Final Payout - Standard Memory Notes, as described in Annex 1 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas).  
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether a cap, knock-out and/or automatic early settlement 
features apply. 
(iii) 
Risks associated with Participation Notes  
Participation Notes include: (i) Single Final Payout - Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes, (ii) Single Final Payout - 
Continuous Bonus Floored Exchange Parity Notes, (iii) Single Final Payout - Continuous Bonus Floored Notes, 
(iv) Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Reverse Level Parity Exchange Notes, (v) Single Final Payout - 
Upside and Downside Notes, (vi) Single Final Payout - Capped Upside and Downside Notes, (vii) Single Final 
Payout - Continuous Bonus Barrier Notes, (viii) Single Final Payout - Capped Continuous Bonus Barrier Notes, 
as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in, knock-out and/or automatic early settlement 
features apply. 
(iv) 
Risks associated with Leverage Notes  
Leverage Notes include: (i) Single Final Payout - Lower Collared Knock-Out Notes, (ii) Single Final Payout - 
Upper Collared Knock-Out Notes, (iii) Single Final Payout - Continuous Lower Knock-Out Notes, (iv) Single 
Final Payout - Continuous Upper Knock-Out Notes, (v) Single Final Payout – Standard Call and Put Notes, (vi) 
Single Final Payout - Knock-In Call and Put Notes, (vii) Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Notes, as 
described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in, knock-out and/or automatic early settlement 
features apply. Additionally, the return may depend on other market factors such as interest rates, the implied 
volatility of the Underlying Reference(s) and the time remaining until settlement. The effect of leverage on the 
Notes may be either positive or negative. 
(v) 
Risks associated with Constant Leverage Notes  
Constant Leverage Notes include the Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Notes as described in Annex 1

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
 
(Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the 
daily performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and the operation of an automatic early settlement feature. 
Constant Leverage Notes are generally suited to short term investments intraday or over a few days. Investments 
held for a longer period of time may be affected by volatile market conditions which may have a negative impact 
on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s). 
Certain Risks Associated with MFP Notes 
(i) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Constant Percentage Notes  
Multiple Final Payout – Constant Percentage Notes are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulas).  
Investors receive a fixed return on the Notes. This payout may be used in conjunction with at least one other 
payout to provide investors with partial or total capital protection. 
(ii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Normal Performance Notes 
Multiple Final Payout – Normal Performance Notes include: (i) Multiple Final Payout – Normal Performance 
Notes, (ii) Multiple Final Payout – 1-Way Cap Notes, (iii) Multiple Final Payout – 1-Way Floor Notes and (iv) 
Multiple Final Payout – 2-Way Notes, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether participation factor, gearing, cap and/or floor and/or 
automatic early settlement features apply. 
(iii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Performance Differential Notes 
Multiple Final Payout – Performance Differential Notes are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on 
differential in performance between two Underlying References and whether participation factor and/or automatic 
early settlement features apply. 
(iv) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout - Reverse Convertible Notes 
Multiple Final Payout - Reverse Convertible Notes include: (i) Multiple Final Payout – KI –Reverse Convertible 
Notes, (ii) Multiple Final Payout – KI – Extended Reverse Convertible Notes, (iii) Multiple Final Payout – KO – 
Extended Reverse Convertible Notes, (iv) Multiple Final Payout – KO –Reverse Convertible Notes, (v) Multiple 
Final Payout – Vanilla KI Reverse Convertible Notes, (vi) Multiple Final Payout – Vanilla KO Reverse 
Convertible Notes, (vii) Multiple Final Payout – KIKO Reverse Convertible Notes and (viii) Multiple Final Payout 
– KIKO Extended Reverse Convertible Notes, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
 
to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether a knock-in and/or knock-out event occurs and whether 
automatic early settlement features apply. 
(v) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout - Vanilla Notes  
Multiple Final Payout - Vanilla Notes include: (i) Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Notes, (ii) Multiple 
Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Spread Notes, (iii) Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put Notes, (iv) Multiple 
Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put Spread Notes, (v) Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KI Digital Notes, (vi) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KO Digital Notes, (vii) Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-in Vanilla 
Call Notes and (viii) Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-out Vanilla Call Notes, as described in Annex 1 
(Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return depends on the performance of 
the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in or knock-out features apply and whether automatic early 
settlement features apply. 
(vi) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout - Asian Notes 
Multiple Final Payout - Asian Notes include: (i) Multiple Final Payout – Standard Asian Notes, (ii) Multiple Final 
Payout – Standard Collared Asian Spread Notes (iii) Multiple Final Payout Standard Himalaya Notes, and (iv) 
Multiple Final Payout – Dispersion Notes as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s), which is determined using an averaging method. The return will 
also depend on whether specific features, such as a cap or lock-in and/or automatic early settlement, apply.  
(vii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout - Step Notes 
Multiple Final Payout - Step Notes include: (i) Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-in Notes, (ii) Multiple Final 
Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-in Notes (iii) Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Extended Knock-in Notes, (iv) Multiple 
Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-out Notes, (v) Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-out Notes, (vi) Multiple 
Final Payout - 3-Step Extended Knock-out Notes (vii) Multiple Final Payout – 4-Step Notes, (viii) Multiple Final 
Payout – 4-Step Extended Notes (ix) Multiple Final Payout - Standard 3-Step Knock-in Notes, (x) Multiple Final 
Payout - Standard 3-Step Knock-out Notes, (xi) Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2-Step Barrier Down Notes (xii) 
Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2-Step Barrier Up Notes, (xiii) Multiple Final Payout - 2-Step Knock-in Notes 
and (xiv) Multiple Final Payout - 2-Step Knock-out Notes, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas).

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in or knock-out and/or automatic early settlement 
features apply.  
(vii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout - Performance Notes 
Multiple Final Payout - Performance Notes include: (i) Multiple Final Payout - Geared Call Performance Notes, 
(ii) Multiple Final Payout - Multi Performance Notes, (iii) Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-Out 
Bonus Performance Notes, (iv) Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-In Bonus Performance Notes, (v) 
Multiple Final Payout – 2-Step KI Multi Bonus Notes, (vi) Multiple Final Payout – 3- Step Multi Bonus Notes, 
(vii) Multiple Final Payout -3- Step Flexi Bonus Notes, (viii) Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Knock-Out Bonus 
Performance Notes, (ix) Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Knock – In Bonus Performance Notes, (x) Multiple 
Final Payout – Leveraged Performance Notes (xi) Multiple Final Payout – Twin -Win Notes, (xii) Multiple Final 
Payout – Knock-In Outperformance Notes, (xiii) Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Performance Notes, (xiv) Multiple 
Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Performance Notes, (xv) Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Knock-In Performance Notes, 
(xvi) Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Knock-Out Performance Notes, (xvii) Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi 
Knock-In Performance Notes, (xviii) Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-Out Performance Notes, (ixx) 
Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Multi Knock-In Performance Notes and (xx) Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-
Flexi Multi Knock-out Performance Notes, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in, knock-out and/or automatic early settlement 
features apply. Depending on the applicable formula, if an automatic early settlement event occurs investors may 
be exposed to a partial loss of their investment. 
(viii) Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Capped and Floored Ratchet Notes 
Multiple Final Payout - Performance Notes are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to Formulas).  
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and is calculated based on the sum of returns determined on a given 
formula (which can be capped and/or floored). 
(ix) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Weighted Mixed Payouts Notes 
Multiple Final Payout – Weighted Mixed Payouts Notes are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and is calculated based on the weighted sum of returns determined 
using different payout formulas.

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
 
(x) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Mixed Payouts Notes 
Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Mixed Payouts Notes are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s). The return calculation can be based on various payouts and various 
mechanisms (including a knock-in feature). 
(xi) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Knock-out Mixed Payouts Notes  
Multiple Final Payout – Knock-out Mixed Payouts Notes are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s). The return calculation can be based on various payouts and various 
mechanisms (including a knock-out feature). 
(xii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Max Mixed Payouts Notes 
Multiple Final Payout – Max Mixed Payouts Notes are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and is calculated based on the maximum return determined using 
different payout formulas.  
(xiii) Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Notes 
Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Notes are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes is calculated by 
reference to a leverage on the positive or negative performance of the Underlying Reference(s).  
(xiv) Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Best Entry Notes 
Multiple Final Payout – Best Entry Notes are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether one or more Lock-In Events have occurred. 
Risks Associated with Single FI Notes  
(i) 
Risks associated with Single FI FX Vanilla Notes 
Single FI FX Vanilla Notes are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas).

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in or knock-out features apply.  
(ii) 
Risks associated with Single FI Digital Notes 
Single FI Digital Notes include: (i) Single FI Digital Floor Notes, (ii) Single FI Digital Cap Notes, (iii) Single FI 
Digital Plus Notes and (iv) Continuous FX Wedding Cake Notes, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes is fixed or variable 
and will be dependent upon the performance of the Underlying Reference(s). The return is calculated by reference 
to various mechanisms (including floor or cap conditions and knock-in and/or knock-out features).  
(iii) 
Risks associated with Single FI Inflation Notes 
Single FI Inflation Notes are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Single FI Inflation Notes are capital protected. The return on the Notes depends on the performance of the 
Underlying Reference(s). 
(C) 
PRODUCT SPECIFIC RISK FACTORS 
Certain considerations associated with Index Linked Notes 
General  
An investment in Index Linked Notes will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Index Linked Notes, Noteholders will receive an amount (if any) 
determined by reference to the value of the underlying index/indices. Such underlying index may be a well known 
and widely published index or an index which may not be widely published or available.  
Factors affecting the performance of Indices may adversely affect the value of the Notes. Indices are comprised 
of a synthetic portfolio of shares, bonds, currency exchange rates, commodities, property or other assets, and as 
such, the performance of an Index is dependent upon the performance of components of such index, which may 
include interest rates, currency developments, political factors, market factors such as the general trends in capital 
markets or broad based indices and (in the case of shares) company-specific factors such as earnings position, 
market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. If an Index does not perform as 
expected, this will materially and adversely affect the value of Index Linked Notes. In addition the performance 
of an Index may also be reduced for fees received by the different entities performing activities in connection with 
such Index (e.g. advisory, reallocation and structuring fees) which may negate any positive performance of the 
Index and, if the Index performs negatively, increase a Noteholders’ loss of investment. 
Index Linked Notes pay interest amount(s) calculated by reference to the value of the underlying index/indices.

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Issuer and/or its Affiliates may not be able to trade on and hedge its 
obligations in respect of the index under the Notes notwithstanding the calculation or publication of the level of 
such index. In the event that any relevant date for valuation is a Disrupted Day for such index, that valuation date 
shall be the first succeeding day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which the Issuer or relevant affiliate is able to 
trade on and hedge its obligations in respect of such index, subject to a specified maximum days of disruption, as 
more fully set out in the Conditions. Where this occurs on (i) the Strike Date for valuation, the Calculation Agent 
will not be able to determine the initial or strike level for the index or (ii) the final date for valuation, the 
Calculation Agent will not determine the final level for the index until such time as the disruption is no longer 
subsisting, or the specified maximum days of disruption has elapsed, whichever is sooner. Investors should be 
aware that any delay to the determination of the final level of the index may result in a delay in the payment of 
the Final Redemption Amount. 
Returns on the Notes do not reflect a direct investment in underlying shares or other assets comprising the Index  
The return payable on Notes that reference indices may not reflect the return a potential investor would realise if 
it actually owned the relevant assets comprising the components of the Index or owned a different form of interest 
in the relevant Index. For example, if the components of the Indices are shares, holders of Notes will not receive 
any dividends paid or distributions made on those shares and will not participate in the return on those dividends 
or distributions unless the relevant Index takes such dividends into account for purposes of calculating the relevant 
level. Similarly, holders of Notes will not have any voting rights in the underlying shares or any other assets which 
may comprise the components of the relevant Index. Accordingly, holders of Notes that reference Indices as 
Underlying Reference may receive a lower payment upon settlement of such Notes than such holder of Notes 
would have received if it had invested in the components of the Index directly or other comparable instruments 
linked to the Index. 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an Index could adversely affect the market value of the Notes  
The sponsor of any Index can add, delete or substitute the components of such Index or make other methodological 
changes that could change the level of one or more components. The changing of components of any Index may 
affect the level of such Index as a newly added component may perform significantly worse or better than the 
component it replaces, which in turn may affect the payments made by the relevant Issuer to the holders of the 
Index Linked Notes. The sponsor of any such Index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of such Index. The sponsor of an Index will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Index 
Linked Notes and will have no obligation to any holder of such Notes. Accordingly, the sponsor of an Index may 
take any actions in respect of such Index without regard to the interests of the holder of the Notes, and any of 
these actions could adversely affect the market value of the Index Linked Notes. 
Certain considerations associated with Share Linked Notes  
General

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
 
An investment in Share Linked Notes will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Share Linked Notes, Noteholders will receive an amount (if any) 
determined by reference to the value of the share(s), GDRs and/or ADRs and/or the physical delivery of a given 
number of share(s), GDRs and/or ADRs. Accordingly, an investment in Share Linked Notes may bear similar 
market risks to a direct equity investment and investors should take advice accordingly. Share Linked Notes pay 
interest amount(s) calculated by reference to the value of the underlying share(s), GDRs and/or ADRs. 
In the case of Share Linked Notes, no issuer of the underlying shares will have participated in the preparation of 
the relevant Final Terms or in establishing the terms of the Notes, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or any Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to 
any information concerning any such issuer of shares contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from 
which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to 
the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available 
information described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect the trading price of the 
share, GDRs and/or ADRs will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the 
disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer of shares could affect the 
trading price of the share, GDRs and/or ADRs and therefore the trading price of the Notes. 
Except as provided in the Conditions, Noteholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or 
distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant shares to which such Notes relate. 
The performance of Shares is dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as interest and price levels on the 
capital markets, currency developments, political factors and company-specific factors such as earnings position, 
market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. These factors are not within the 
relevant Issuer’s control and may result in a decline in the value of the Notes. 
Lack of rights in respect of Shares 
Share Linked Notes do not represent a claim against or an investment in any issuer of the relevant share(s) and 
investors will not have any right of recourse under the Share Linked Notes to any such company or the shares. 
Share Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any issuer of the relevant share(s) 
and such companies have no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions for any holders. 
Accordingly, the issuer of a share may take any actions in respect of such share without regard to the interests of 
the investors in the Share Linked Notes, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of the 
Share Linked Notes. 
Physical delivery of Shares 
Where the Notes linked to Shares include the are Physical Delivery, the Issuer will settle such Share Linked Notes 
at their maturity by delivering Shares to the investor and the investors will receive such Shares rather than a 
monetary amount upon maturity. Noteholders will, therefore, be exposed to the issuer of such Shares and the risks 
associated with such Shares. The investor should not assume that he or she will be able to sell such Shares for a

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
 
specific price after the settlement of the Notes, and in particular not for the subscription or purchase price of the 
Share Linked Notes. Under certain circumstances the Shares may only have a very low value or may, in fact, be 
worthless. Noteholders may also be subject to certain documentary or stamp taxes in relation to the delivery and/or 
disposal of such Shares. 
Certain considerations associated with ETI Linked Notes 
An investment in ETI Linked Notes will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a conventional 
debt security. On settlement of ETI Linked Notes, Noteholders will receive an amount (if any) determined by 
reference to the value of the interests in exchange traded instruments or a basket of interests in exchange traded 
instruments and/or the physical delivery of a given number of interests in exchange traded instruments. 
Accordingly, an investment in ETI Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct exchange traded 
instrument investment, and investors should take advice accordingly. ETI Linked Notes pay interest amount(s) 
calculated by reference to the value of the interests in exchange traded instruments or the basket of interests in 
exchange traded instruments. 
Whilst interests in exchange traded instruments are traded on an exchange and are therefore valued in a similar 
manner as a share traded on an exchange, certain provisions related to ETI Linked Notes are similar to the 
provisions related to funds and Fund Linked Notes. 
In the case of ETI Linked Notes, no exchange traded instrument will have participated in the preparation of the 
relevant Final Terms or in establishing the terms of the Notes, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
or any Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any 
information concerning any such exchange traded instrument contained in such Final Terms or in the documents 
from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring 
prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly 
available information described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect the trading 
price of the interests in the exchange traded instrument will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure 
of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an exchange 
traded instrument could affect the trading price of interests in the exchange traded instruments and therefore the 
trading price of the Notes. ETI Linked Notes do not provide Noteholders with any participation rights in the 
underlying ETI(s) and, except in certain circumstances in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, do not entitle 
holders of ETI Linked Notes to any ownership interest or rights in such ETI(s). 
Except as provided in the Conditions, Noteholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or 
distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant exchange traded instruments to which such Notes 
relate.  
Certain considerations associated with Debt Linked Notes 
An investment in Debt Linked Notes will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Debt Linked Notes, Noteholders will receive an amount (if any)

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
 
determined by reference to the price or yield of the underlying debt instrument(s) (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) and/or the physical delivery of a given number of debt instrument(s). Accordingly, an investment in 
Debt Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct debt instrument investment, and investors should take 
advice accordingly. Debt Linked Notes pay interest amount(s) calculated by reference to the price or yield of the 
underlying debt instrument(s) (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Certain considerations associated with Commodity Linked Notes 
General  
An investment in Commodity Linked Notes will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Commodity Linked Notes, Noteholders will receive an amount (if 
any) determined by reference to the value of the commodity, commodity index, commodities and/or commodity 
indices. Accordingly, an investment in Commodity Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct 
commodity investment, and investors should take advice accordingly. Commodity Linked Notes pay interest 
amount(s) calculated by reference to the value of the underlying commodity, commodity index, commodities 
and/or commodity indices.  
Where the Notes are linked to a commodity index, such commodity index may be a well known and widely 
available commodity index (such as the S&P GSCI®) or a commodity index which may be less well known in 
which case information (including past performance) may be less readily available. The commodity index may be 
comprised of futures contracts, mono-indices, or other commodity indices. Pursuant to the operational rules of the 
relevant commodity index, the commodity index is scheduled to be calculated on a periodic basis (for example on 
each weekday). In the event that one of the levels, values or prices of a component included in the commodity 
index is not available for any reason on a relevant day of calculation including, without limitation, (a) where it is 
a not a business day in respect of that commodity index component or (b) that commodity index component is 
subject to a market disruption event, then the calculation agent of the commodity index may, but is not obliged 
to, calculate the level of the commodity index for the relevant day by taking a value for the affected index 
component on the first day following the end of a specified maximum days of disruption based on the price at 
which it is able to sell or otherwise realise any hedge position. Such an occurrence may potentially result in a 
delay in the publication of the commodity index and the level of the commodity index may be affected. 
The relevant Issuer and/or its Affiliates may not be able to hedge its obligations in respect of the commodity index 
under the Notes notwithstanding the calculation and publication of the level of the commodity index. In the event 
that a Market Disruption Event is occurring on any relevant date for valuation, that valuation date will be 
postponed until the first succeeding day that is not a Commodity Disrupted Day, subject to a specified maximum 
days of disruption, as more fully set out in the Conditions. Where this occurs on (i) the Initial Pricing Date or 
Strike Date for valuation, the Calculation Agent will be unable to determine the initial or strike level for the 
commodity index and (ii) on the final date for valuation, the Calculation Agent will be unable to determine the 
final level for the commodity index, until either the Market Disruption Event has ceased or the specified maximum 
days of disruption have elapsed, whichever is sooner. Investors should be aware that any delay to the determination 
of the final level of the commodity index may result in a delay in the payment of the Final Redemption Amount.

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
 
Factors affecting the performance of Commodities may adversely affect the value of the relevant Commodity 
Linked Notes; Commodity prices may be more volatile than other asset classes.  
The prices of commodities may be volatile and may fluctuate substantially if, for example, natural disasters or 
catastrophes, such as hurricanes, fires, or earthquakes, affect the supply or production of such commodities. 
Commodity prices also fluctuate due to general macro-economic forces and general market movements. The price 
of commodities may also fluctuate substantially if conflict or war affects the supply or production of such 
commodities. If any amount payable in respect of a Note is linked to the price of a commodity, any change in the 
price of such commodity may result in the reduction of the amount of such payment in respect of a Note. The 
reduction in the amount payable on the settlement of the Note may result, in some cases, in a Noteholder receiving 
a smaller sum on settlement of the Note than the amount originally invested in such Commodity Linked Note. 
Commodities may reference physical commodities or commodity contracts, and certain commodity contracts may 
be traded on unregulated or ‘‘under-regulated’’ exchanges  
Commodities comprise both (i) "physical" commodities, which need to be stored and transported, and which are 
generally traded at a "spot" price, and (ii) commodity contracts, which are agreements either to (a) buy or sell a 
set amount of an underlying physical commodity at a predetermined price and delivery period (which may be 
referred to as a delivery month), or to (b) make and receive a cash payment based on changes in the price of the 
underlying physical commodity. 
Commodity contracts may be traded on regulated specialised futures exchanges (such as futures contracts). 
Commodity contracts may also be traded directly between market participants "over-the- counter" on trading 
facilities that are subject to lesser degrees of regulation or, in some cases, no substantive regulation. Accordingly, 
trading in such "over-the-counter" contracts may not be subject to the same provisions as, and the protections 
afforded to, contracts traded on regulated specialised futures exchanges, and there may therefore be additional 
risks related to the liquidity and price histories of the relevant contracts and any Notes which reference any such 
commodity contracts may have reduced liquidity or greater price volatility or be subject to more extensive market 
disruptions. 
In the case of a direct investment in commodity futures contracts, the invested capital may be applied in whole or 
in part by way of collateral in respect of the future claims of the respective counterparties under the commodity 
futures contracts. Such capital will generally bear interest, and the interest yield will increase the return of the 
investor making such direct investment. However, holders of Notes linked to the price of commodity futures 
contracts do not participate in such interest yields from the hypothetical fully collateralised investment in 
commodity futures contracts. 
Certain Additional Considerations Associated with Commodity Linked Notes valued by reference to Futures 
Contracts or Debt Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes or Currency Linked Notes where Futures Price Valuation is 
specified as applicable.

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
 
Financial futures contracts are standardised futures transactions that are linked to financial instruments (e.g. 
stocks, bonds, indices, interest rates and foreign currencies). Commodity futures contracts are standardised futures 
transactions that are linked to commodities (e.g. mineral commodities, agricultural products and precious metals). 
A futures transaction constitutes the contractual obligation to buy or sell a certain amount or number of the 
respective underlying at a fixed price and at a predetermined future point in time. Futures contracts are traded on 
futures exchanges and standardised for this purpose with respect to their contract size, the nature and quality of 
the underlying as well as delivery places and dates, if any. Generally, there is a strong correlation between the 
price development of an underlying financial instrument or commodity (each or “underlying”) on the spot market 
and the corresponding futures exchange. However, the price of a futures contract will generally be traded at a 
premium on, or discount from, the spot price of the underlying. This discrepancy is due to such factors as (i) the 
need to adjust the spot price due to related expenses (e.g. in the case of commodities, warehousing, transport and 
insurance costs) and (ii) different methods being used to evaluate general factors affecting the spot and the futures 
markets. In addition, and depending on the underlying, there can be significant differences in the liquidity of the 
spot and the futures markets. 
Investment in futures contracts involves certain other risks, including potential illiquidity. A holder of a futures 
position may find that such position becomes illiquid because certain exchanges limit fluctuations in such futures 
contract prices pursuant to “daily limits”. Once the price of a particular futures contract has increased or decreased 
by an amount equal to the daily limit, contracts can neither be bought nor sold unless holders are willing to trade 
at or within the limit. This could prevent a holder from promptly liquidating unfavourable positions and subject it 
to substantial losses. For example, futures contract prices in various underlyings occasionally exceed the daily 
limit for several days with little or no trading. Such losses could have an adverse effect on the return of Notes 
linked to the affected futures contracts. Any illiquidity disruption or force majeure event (such as an act of God, 
fire, flood, severe weather conditions, act of governmental authority or a labour dispute or shortage) is likely to 
have an adverse effect on the value of or trading in the underlying or futures contracts on such underlying and 
adversely affect the value of the Notes. In addition, and depending on the commodity, there can be significant 
differences in the liquidity of the spot and the futures markets. Accordingly, Commodity Linked Notes which are 
linked to commodity futures contracts may provide a different return from Commodity Linked Notes linked to 
the relevant physical commodity. 
Where the Notes are linked to the exchange price of a futures contract, knowledge of the market of the underlying 
to which the futures contract is linked as well as of the functioning and evaluation factors of futures contracts is 
necessary to make a valid assessment of the risks associated with the purchase of these Notes.  
In the case of Debt Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes or Currency Linked Notes where Futures Price Valuation 
is applicable, the Notes are exposed to a futures or options contract relating to a synthetic debt instrument (in the 
case of Debt Linked Notes), an index (in the case of Index Linked Notes) or a rate of exchange (in the case of 
Currency Linked Notes) and bear similar market risks to a direct investment in such futures or options contract. 
Certain additional considerations associated with Rolling Futures Contract Notes

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
 
Futures contracts have a predetermined expiration date. Holding a futures contract until expiration will result in 
delivery of the physical underlying or the requirement to make or receive a cash settlement amount. Rolling 
Futures Contract Notes are valued by reference to futures contracts that have a delivery or expiry month that do 
not correspond with the term of the Notes. Consequently the futures contracts are "rolled" which means that the 
futures contract that is nearing expiration (the "near-dated futures contracts") is sold before it expires and a 
futures contract that has an expiration date further in the future (the "longer-dated futures contracts") is 
purchased ("Rolling"). In order to maintain an ongoing exposure to such underlyings Rolling of the applicable 
futures contracts is applied.  
An investment in futures contracts where the future is a commodity may increase or decrease through Rolling. 
Where the price of a near-dated futures contract is greater than the price of the longer-dated futures contract (the 
underlying is said to be in "backwardation"), then Rolling from the former to the latter will result in greater 
exposure to the longer-dated futures contract. Therefore, any loss or gain on the new positions will be greater than 
if an investor had synthetically held the same number of underlying contracts as before the Rolling. Conversely, 
where the price of the near-dated futures contract is lower than the price of the longer-dated futures contract (the 
underlying is said to be in "contango") then Rolling will result in less exposure to the longer-dated futures 
contract. Therefore, any gain or loss on the new positions will be less than if an investor had synthetically held 
the same number of underlying contracts as before the Rolling. 
Depending on whether the Notes are synthetically "long" or "short" the relevant futures contract, where a futures 
contract is in contango, this is expected to (though may not) have a negative (in the case of a "long" position) or 
positive (in the case of a "short" position) effect over time on the value of the Notes. Where a futures contract is 
in backwardation this is expected to (though may not) have a positive (in the case of a "long" position) or negative 
(in the case of a "short" position) effect over time on the value of the Notes. Where an underlying contract is in 
contango, then the price of the longer-dated underlying contract will be expected to (but may not) decrease over 
time as it nears expiry. In such event, Rolling is expected to have a negative effect (in the case of a "long" position) 
or positive (in the case of a "short" position) on an investment in the underlying contract. Where an underlying 
contract is in backwardation, then the price of the longer-dated underlying contract is expected to (but may not) 
increase over time as it nears expiry. In such event, Rolling is expected to have a positive (in the case of a "long" 
position) or negative (in the case of a "short" position) effect on an investment in the underlying contract.  
If, on any Futures Rollover Date (as defined below), a Market Disruption Event (as defined in Commodity Linked 
Condition 2), a Commodity Index Adjustment Event (as defined in Commodity Linked Notes Condition 4) or a 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (as defined in Index Linked Notes 9, 
Debt Linked Notes Condition 6 or Currency Linked Notes Condition 5), as applicable, occurs and it is impossible 
or materially impracticable for the Calculation Agent to select a futures contract and/or at such time hedge the 
relevant Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes then: 
(i) 
in the case of an Index Linked Note, Debt Linked Note or Currency Linked Note that is a Rolling Futures 
Contract Note:

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
unless Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract or (in the case of Index Linked Notes), Highest Value, Market Value or 
Monetisation Option, is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Issuer may settle the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices). If the Notes are so settled the relevant Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in 
respect of each Note, being settled at an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, taking 
into account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, less, 
unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the 
relevant Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices); or 
(b) 
if Delayed Settlement on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the fair market value of each Note taking into account the Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the relevant Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements and on the Maturity Date shall settle each 
Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Contract 
Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated Contract Adjustment 
Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to the Issuer's funding 
cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms); or 
(c) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes, if Highest Value is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices), settle all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect 
of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated as the greater of the fair market value of such Note 
(notwithstanding any illegality (if applicable) and taking into account any Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract) and the Protected Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, (x) no costs shall be deducted from such amount and (y) such 
amount shall include the reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early maturity 
date notified to the Noteholders until the scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes of any costs 
(including but not limited to any structuring costs) paid by Noteholders to the Issuer in the Issue 
Price of the Notes, such amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the date notified to the Noteholders 
in the notice of early settlement; 
(d) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes, if Market Value is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
 
(Notices), settle all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect 
of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated as the fair market value of a Note (notwithstanding 
the illegality (if applicable) and taking into account any Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of 
an Exchange-traded Contract) calculated (x) without taking account of any costs and no costs shall 
be deducted from such amount, and (y) including the reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata 
(calculated from the early maturity date notified to the Noteholders until the scheduled Maturity 
Date of the Notes), of any costs (including but not limited to any structuring costs) paid by 
Noteholders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Notes, such an amount to be paid to the 
Noteholders on the date notified in the notice of early settlement; 
(e) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes, if Monetisation Option is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an 
amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated as: 
(I) 
the Monetisation Amount (as defined below) (including the reimbursement by the Issuer, 
pro rata (calculated from the early maturity date notified to the Noteholders until the 
scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes), of any costs (including but not limited to any 
structuring costs) paid by Noteholders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Notes), such 
amount to be paid by the Issuer (notwithstanding the notice of early settlement) on the 
Maturity Date; or 
(II) 
if the Noteholder duly elects to receive the fair market value, as provided below, the fair 
market value of such Note, such amount to be paid by the Issuer on the date fixed for early 
settlement, as notified to the Noteholders. 
Where: 
"Monetisation Amount" means, in respect of a Note, an amount equal to the greater of the 
Protected Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms and the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as follows: 
(S + D) × (1 + r)n 
"S" is the present value of the Protected Amount of such Note on the date on which the event 
triggering early settlement occurs; 
"D" is the market value of the Derivative Component on the date on which the event triggering early 
settlement occurs; 
"r" is a hypothetical annual interest rate that would be applied on an equivalent hypothetical debt 
instrument issued by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as applicable) with the same time to redemption

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
 
as the remaining time to settlement on the Notes from the date fixed for early settlement until the 
scheduled maturity date of the Notes; 
"n" is the time remaining until the scheduled maturity date of the Notes, expressed as a number of 
years; and 
"Derivative Component" means the option component or embedded derivative in respect of the 
Note or the interest amount due under the Note in order to enable the Issuer to issue the Note at the 
issue price and on their applicable terms. The value of the Derivative Component will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent, taking into account a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 
(A) 
market prices or values for the underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) and other 
relevant economic variables (such as interest rates; dividend rates; financing costs; the value, 
price or level of any relevant underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) and any futures 
or options relating to any of them; the volatility of any relevant underlying reference asset(s) 
or basis (bases); and exchange rates (if applicable)); 
(B) 
the time remaining until the scheduled maturity date of the Notes; 
(C) 
internal pricing models; and 
(D) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Derivative Component. 
(ii) 
in the case of a Commodity Linked Note that is a Rolling Futures Contract Note, the relevant Issuer may 
take such actions as described in Commodity Linked Notes Condition 3 (Consequences of a Market 
Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks) and Commodity Linked Notes Condition 4 (Adjustments to a 
Commodity Index), as applicable (see "Market Disruption Events relating to Commodity Linked Notes" 
and "Adjustment Events relating to Commodity Index Linked Notes" below). 
Rollover ("Rollover") will be effected on the relevant day specified in the applicable Final Terms or the date 
selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner within the Futures 
Rollover Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Futures Rollover Date") within a certain time frame 
shortly before the expiration date of the current futures contract. Consequently on any Futures Rollover Date, the 
relevant Issuer will liquidate its positions assumed through the corresponding hedging arrangements in relation to 
the existing futures contract whose expiration is imminent and will assume corresponding positions in relation to 
a new futures contract having identical terms but with a different maturity selected by it acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner.  
At each Rollover there may be expenses incurred in replacing the futures contract which may have an adverse 
effect on the return on the Notes. 
Prospective investors should be aware that in respect of Rolling Futures Contract Notes, the price difference 
between the futures involved in each Rollover may have a negative effect on the value of the Notes and in the

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
 
long term be higher than the positive performance of the underlying and result in a total loss of the investment in 
the Notes. Rolling Futures Contract Notes may not be suitable for investors who intend to invest medium to long 
term.  
Certain Considerations Associated with Inflation Linked Notes 
An investment in Inflation Linked Notes will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Inflation Index Linked Notes, Noteholders will receive an amount 
(if any) determined by reference to the value of the underlying inflation index/indices. Inflation Linked Notes pay 
interest amount(s) calculated by reference to the value of the underlying inflation index/indices. 
Certain considerations associated with Currency Linked Notes 
An investment in Currency Notes will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a conventional 
debt security. On settlement of Currency Linked Notes, Noteholders will receive an amount (if any) determined 
by reference to the value of the currency/currencies and/or the physical delivery of a given amount of a currency 
or currencies. Accordingly, an investment in Currency Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct 
currency investment, and investors should take advice accordingly. Currency Linked Notes pay interest amount(s) 
calculated by reference to the value of the underlying currency/currencies. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates of the relevant currency (or basket of currencies) will affect the value of Currency 
Notes. The performance of foreign exchange rates is dependent upon the supply and demand for currencies in the 
international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to international and domestic political factors, economic 
factors (including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective 
countries), economic forecasts, currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the currency 
concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. Measures taken by governments 
and central banks include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new 
currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation 
or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a 
Settlement Currency that would affect exchange rates and the availability of a Settlement Currency which would 
affect return on the Currency Linked Notes or ability of the relevant Issuer to make delivery in the Settlement 
Currency. 
Furthermore, investors who intend to convert gains or losses from the exercise, settlement or sale of Currency 
Notes into their home currency may be affected by fluctuations in exchange rates between their home currency 
and the relevant currency (or basket of currencies). Currency values may be affected by complex political and 
economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the value of a currency (or basket of currencies), 
regardless of other market forces. Investors in Currency Linked Notes risk losing their entire investment if 
exchange rates of the relevant currency (or basket of currencies) do not move in the anticipated direction. 
If additional warrants, securities or options relating to particular currencies or particular currency indices are 
subsequently issued, the supply of warrants and options relating to such currencies or currency indices, as

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
 
applicable, in the market will increase, which could cause the price at which the Notes and such other warrants, 
securities and options trade in the secondary market to decline significantly. 
Currency Linked Notes linked to emerging market currencies may experience greater volatility and less certainty 
as to the future levels of such emerging market currencies or their rate of exchange as against other currencies. 
See also "Certain Considerations Associated with Notes linked to emerging markets". 
Certain considerations associated with Dual Currency Notes 
An investment in Noes in relation to which Dual Currency Notes is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms (such Notes being "Dual Currency Notes") will entail significant risks not associated with an investment 
in a conventional debt security. Fluctuations in exchange rates will affect the value of Dual Currency Notes. 
Currency values related to the exchange rates may be affected by complex political and economic factors, 
including governmental action to fix or support the value of an exchange rate, regardless of other market forces. 
Investors in Dual Currency Notes risk losing their entire investment if the relevant exchange rates do not move in 
the anticipated direction. 
Certain considerations associated with Fund Linked Notes 
An investment in Fund Linked Notes will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Fund Linked Notes, Noteholders will receive an amount (if any) 
determined by reference to the value of the fund shares and/or the physical delivery of a given number of fund 
shares or units. Accordingly, an investment in Fund Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct fund 
investment, and investors should take advice accordingly. Fund Linked Notes pay interest amount(s) calculated 
by reference to the value of the underlying fund shares or units. The price of units or shares in a fund may be 
affected by the performance of the fund service providers, and in particular the investment adviser. 
No Fund Service Provider will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Final Terms or in establishing 
the terms of the Fund Linked Notes, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Dealer will make 
any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning any such 
issuer of fund shares or units contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from which such information 
was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date 
(including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available information described 
in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect the trading price of the fund shares or units will 
have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose 
material future events concerning such an issuer of fund shares or units could affect the trading price of the fund 
shares or units and therefore the trading price of the Notes. Fund Linked Notes do not provide Noteholders with 
any participation rights in the underlying Fund(s) and except in certain circumstances in the case of Physical 
Delivery Notes, do not entitle holders of Fund Linked Notes to any ownership interest or rights in such Fund(s). 
Except as provided in the Conditions, Noteholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or 
distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant fund shares or units to which such Notes relate.

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
 
Certain considerations associated with Futures Linked Notes 
An investment in Futures Linked Notes will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Futures Linked Notes, Noteholders will receive an amount (if any) 
determined by reference to the value of the futures contract or basket of futures contracts. Accordingly, an 
investment in Futures Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct futures contract investment, and 
investors should take advice accordingly. Futures Linked Notes pay interest amount(s) calculated by reference to 
the value of the underlying futures contract or basket of futures contracts. 
Additional risk factors for Credit Linked Notes 
General 
The Issuers may issue Notes ("Credit Linked Notes") where the amount payable is dependent upon whether 
certain events ("Credit Events") have occurred in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, if so, on the 
value of certain specified assets of such Reference Entity/Entities. Credit Linked Notes are Notes in respect of 
which the relevant Issuer has effectively bought protection on one or more Reference Entities from the 
Noteholders and payments on such Notes and/or Note such Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets, 
will depend on the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entities. 
The price of such Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, the time remaining to the 
maturity date and the creditworthiness of the Reference Entities, which in turn may be affected by the economic, 
financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. In purchasing Credit Linked Notes, investors assume 
credit exposure to both the specified Reference Entity or Reference Entities and the Issuer (and the Guarantor, if 
applicable) of the Credit Linked Notes. The credit risk to investors may further be increased if the specified 
Reference Entity or Reference Entities are concentrated in the same industry sector or geographic area as the 
Issuer (or the Guarantor, if applicable). 
Where the Notes provide for physical delivery, to the extent this is allowed under the applicable laws and 
regulations in force from time to time, the relevant Issuer may determine that the specified assets to be delivered 
are either (a) assets which for any reason (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system 
or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite consents with 
respect to the delivery of assets which are loans) it is impossible or illegal to deliver on the specified maturity date 
or (b) assets which the relevant Issuer and/or any Affiliate has not received under the terms of any transaction 
entered into by the relevant Issuer and/or such Affiliate to hedge such Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Any such determination may delay settlement in respect of the Notes and/or cause the obligation to deliver such 
specified assets to be replaced by an obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either case, may affect the value 
of the Notes and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing of the valuation of such Notes 
and, as a result, the amount payable on settlement. Prospective investors should review the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions should apply to the Notes.

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
 
The relevant Issuer's obligations in respect of Credit Linked Notes are irrespective of the existence or amount of 
the relevant Issuer's and/or any Affiliates' credit exposure to a Reference Entity, and the relevant Issuer and/or 
any Affiliate need not suffer any loss nor provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit 
Event. 
The holders of Credit Linked Notes will be exposed to the credit risk of one or more Reference Entities, which 
exposure shall be to the full extent of their investment in such Credit Linked Notes. Upon the occurrence of any 
of the default events comprising a Credit Event with respect to any Reference Entity, the Noteholders may suffer 
significant losses at a time when losses may be suffered by a direct investor in obligations of such Reference 
Entity. However, the holding of a Credit Linked Note is unlikely to lead to outcomes which exactly reflect the 
impact of investing in an obligation of a Reference Entity, and losses could be considerably greater than would 
be suffered by a direct investor in the obligations of a Reference Entity and/or could arise for reasons unrelated to 
such Reference Entity. 
A subscription or purchase of Credit Linked Notes does not constitute an investment in, or short selling, any 
obligations of the Reference Entity/ies, or of any interest in any such obligations. Noteholders of the Credit Linked 
Notes will have rights solely against the relevant Issuer of the Credit Linked Notes and will not have any rights 
against any Reference Entity. In particular, Noteholders will not have: (a) the right to vote or give or withhold 
from giving any consent in relation to any obligation of any Reference Entity; (b) the right to receive any coupons, 
fees or other distributions which may be paid by any Reference Entity to holders of the any obligations of any 
Reference Entity; or (c) 
the right to receive any information from any Reference Entity. Accordingly, an 
investment in the Credit Linked Notes is not equivalent to an investment in, or short selling of, any obligation of 
a Reference Entity relating to such Credit Linked Notes. 
Noteholders should also note that a Credit Event may occur even if the obligations of a Reference Entity are 
unenforceable or their performance is prohibited by any applicable law or exchange controls. 
A Credit Event may occur prior to the Trade Date 
Noteholders of Credit Linked Notes may suffer a loss of some or all of the settlement amount of the Notes in 
respect of one or more Credit Events that occur prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date, if the Credit Event 
Backstop Date is specified as a date falling prior to such date. Accordingly, the Noteholder of Credit Linked Notes 
will be exposed to the risk of the occurrence of any Credit Event after the applicable Credit Event Backstop Date 
even if it occurs prior to the Issue Date, which may be several weeks after the Trade Date. If the Reference Entity 
suffers a Credit Event prior to the Issue Date (or if the Credit Event Backstop Date is specified as a date falling 
on or after the Issue Date, on or after such date), and a Credit Event Notice, and a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information (if applicable) are properly delivered, which may occur on or shortly after the Issue Date of the Notes, 
such Notes will be subject to exercise, at or shortly after the Issue Date. No interest will be paid on such Notes. 
Neither the Calculation Agent or the relevant Issuer nor any of their respective Affiliates has any responsibility to 
inform any Noteholder, or avoid or mitigate the effects of a Credit Event that has taken place prior to the Trade 
Date or the Issue Date.

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
 
Increased credit risks associated with First-to-Default and Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes  
Where the Notes are First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, the Notes will be subject to settlement in full as 
described above upon the occurrence of the first Credit Event in relation to any of the Reference Entities. The 
credit risk to Noteholders may therefore be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a 
particular industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other 
risks. 
Where the Notes are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, the Notes will be subject to settlement in full as 
described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to the nth Reference Entity. The credit risk to 
Noteholders may therefore be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a particular 
industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other risks. 
Additional credit risks associated with Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Distribution End Date is specified in the Final Terms, the 
Final Terms shall specify whether "Distribution Period Settlement", "Settlement at Maturity" or "Distribution 
Period Event Determination Date Disapplication" applies. If "Distribution Period Settlement" applies and an Event 
Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Distribution End Date, Noteholders of such Credit Linked Notes will 
suffer a loss of interest and the Notes will be settled, in part, early. 
Noteholders increased risks associated with Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes create leveraged exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entities as the implicit 
portfolio size or size of the aggregate notional amount of the Reference Portfolio is significantly larger than the 
aggregate notional amount of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors can lose a significant part or all of their 
investment even if a Credit Event occurs in respect of only one or a few of the Reference Entities comprising the 
Reference Portfolio. The value of the Tranched Credit Linked Notes may be more volatile and credit losses in 
respect of the Tranched Credit Linked Notes may be greater than would be the case in the absence of such leverage. 
The value of the Tranched Credit Linked Notes may also be adversely affected by changes in the relative value 
of different tranches of credit risk on the Reference Portfolio. Such relative value changes may occur as a result 
of, for example, changes in assumptions by market participants to model the credit risk of the Reference Portfolio, 
correlation between the Reference Entities, as well as changes in the supply of and demand for credit protection 
in relation to each such tranche are exposed to risk on Reference Entities. 
Where Cash Settlement or Auction Settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to any 
Reference Entity from time to time may result in a settlement of the Notes in a reduced settlement amount or at 
zero, and, (if applicable) in a reduction of the amount on which interest is calculated. Where Physical Settlement 
applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the settlement of the Notes based on the valuation (or by 
delivery) of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected Reference Entity, which obligations are likely to 
have a market value which is substantially less than their par amount. 
Issuer and Calculation Agent will act in their own interests

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
 
Each of the Issuers and the Calculation Agent will exercise its rights under the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, 
including in particular the right to designate a Credit Event and the right to select obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity for valuation or in respect of the Notes, delivery, in its own interests and those of its Affiliates, 
and not in the interests of investors in the Notes. The exercise of such rights in such manner, for example by the 
selection of the eligible obligations of the Reference Entity having the lowest possible market value for valuation, 
may result in an increased credit loss for holders of the Credit Linked Notes. The exercise of such discretion by 
the Issuer or Calculation Agent could adversely affect (i) the value of the amount in cash, if any, which will be 
paid in respect of any Notes on the applicable maturity date, if any, or (ii) the market value of the portfolio of 
obligations the relevant Issuer will Deliver. 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event or other 
matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to be determined, 
formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the 
Noteholders. In performing its duties pursuant to the Notes and making any determinations expressed to be made 
by it, for example, as to substitute Reference Obligations or Successors, the Calculation Agent shall act in its sole 
and absolute discretion and is under no obligation to act in the interests of the Noteholders, nor will it be liable to 
account for any profit or other benefit which may accrue to it as a result of such determinations. The Calculation 
Agent is not bound to follow, or act in accordance with, any determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
Actions of Reference Entities may affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes 
Actions of Reference Entities (for example, merger or demerger or the repayment or transfer of indebtedness) 
may adversely affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes. Noteholders of the Credit Linked Notes should be 
aware that the Reference Entities to which the value of the Notes is exposed, and the terms of such exposure, may 
change over the term of the Notes. 
Suspension of Obligations will suspend payment of principal and interest 
In certain circumstances, pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determination Committee, all of the 
obligations of the relevant Issuer under each Credit Linked Note (including any obligation to deliver any notices, 
pay any settlement amount) shall, be and remain suspended until ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determination Committee has resolved the matter in question or not to determine such matters. The 
Calculation Agent will provide notice of such suspension as soon as reasonably practicable; however, any failure 
or delay by the Calculation Agent in providing such notice will not affect the validity or effect of such suspension. 
No interest shall accrue on any payments which are suspended in accordance with the above. 
Use of Auction Settlement may adversely affect returns to Noteholders 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are settled following the occurrence of a Credit Event by reference to an auction 
sponsored by ISDA, the relevant Issuer or its Affiliates may act as a participating bidder in any such auction and, 
in such capacity, may take certain actions which may influence the Auction Final Price including (without

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
 
limitation) submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests with respect to the obligations of the Reference 
Entity. If the relevant Issuer or its Affiliates participate in an Auction, then they will do so without regard to the 
interests of Noteholders, and such participation may have a material adverse effect on the outcome of the relevant 
Auction and/or on the Credit Linked Notes. Noteholders will have no right to submit bids and/or offers in an 
Auction. 
The Auction Final Price determined pursuant to an auction may be greater than the market value that would 
otherwise have been determined in respect of the specified Reference Entity or its obligations. In particular, the 
Auction process may be affected by technical factors or operational errors which would not otherwise apply or 
may be the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. Auctions may be conducted by ISDA or by a relevant 
third party. Neither the Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer nor any of their respective Affiliates has any 
responsibility for verifying that any auction price is reflective of current market values, for establishing any 
auction methodology or for verifying that any auction has been conducted in accordance with its rules. The 
relevant Issuer will have no responsibility to dispute any determination of an Auction Final Price or to verify that 
any Auction has been conducted in accordance with its rules. 
Following an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event in relation to which ISDA sponsors multiple concurrent 
auctions, but where there is no relevant auction relating to credit derivative transactions with a maturity 
corresponding to the Credit Linked Notes, if the Calculation Agent exercises the right of the buyer or, as the case 
may be, seller of credit risk protection under the Credit Linked Notes to elect that the Auction Final Price is 
determined by reference to an alternative Auction, the Auction Final Price so determined may be lower than the 
amount which would have been determined based on quotations sought from third party dealers, thereby reducing 
the amount payable to Noteholders. 
Use of Cash Settlement may adversely affect returns to Noteholders 
If the Notes are cash settled, then, following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the Calculation Agent will be 
required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the affected Reference Entity. Quotations obtained 
will be "bid-side" - that is, they will be reduced to take account of a bid-offer spread charged by the relevant 
dealer. Such quotations may not be available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially reduced or may 
vary substantially as a result of illiquidity in the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk 
of the affected Reference Entity (for example, liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). Accordingly, any 
quotations so obtained may be significantly different from the value of the relevant obligation which would be 
determined by reference to (for example) the present value of related cashflows. Quotations will be deemed to be 
zero in the event that no such quotations are available. 
"Cheapest-to-Deliver" risk  
Since the Issuer, as buyer of protection in respect of the Notes has discretion to choose the portfolio of obligations 
and/or assets to be valued or delivered following a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, it is likely that 
the portfolio of obligations and/or assets selected will be obligations of the Reference Entity and/or assets with

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
 
the lowest market value that are permitted to be selected pursuant to the terms of the Notes. This could result in a 
lower recovery value and hence greater losses for investors in the Notes. 
Cash settlement (whether by reference to an auction or a dealer poll) may be less advantageous than physical 
delivery of assets 
Payments on the Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date may be in cash 
and will reflect the value of relevant obligations of the affected Reference Entity at a given date. Such payments 
may be less than the recovery which would ultimately be realised by a holder of debt obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity, whether by means of enforcement of rights following a default or receipt of distributions 
following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Asset Package Delivery risks 
The 2014 Definitions introduced the concept of asset package delivery. In certain circumstances where (a) 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" applies in respect of a Reference Entity and 
(i) there is a Governmental Intervention Credit Event; or (ii) a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of the 
Reference Obligation where such Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention or (b) a 
Restructuring Credit Event in respect of a Sovereign, then a related asset package resulting from a prior deliverable 
obligation (where "Financial Reference Entity Terms" apply) or package observable bond (where the Reference 
Entity is a sovereign) may also be deliverable. The asset package would be treated as having the same outstanding 
principal as the corresponding prior deliverable obligation or package observable bond. 
If the resulting asset package is deemed to be zero where there are no resulting assets, the related credit loss will 
be 100 per cent. notwithstanding the recovery value on any other obligations of the Reference Entity.  
The risk factors "Use of Auction Settlement may adversely affect returns to Noteholders" and "Use of Cash 
Settlement may adversely affect returns to the Noteholders" above would apply to any asset or asset package.  
If an asset in the asset package is a non-transferable instrument or non-financial instrument, the value of such 
asset will be the market value determined by reference to a specialist valuation or in accordance with methodology 
determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. See "Conflicts of Interest - Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees" and "Risks associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" for risk 
factors relating to valuation in accordance with CDDC methodology. 
Increased risks where "Zero Recovery" or a specified Final Price is applicable 
Where "Zero Recovery" is applicable, if a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, investors will 
automatically lose an amount in principal or notional amount of the Credit Linked Note equal to the portion of the 
Credit Linked Note which is allocated to the credit risk of the affected Reference Entity. Investors should note 
that, in such circumstances, the Auction Final Price, Weighted Average Final Price or Final Price (which would 
otherwise apply in the absence of "Zero Recovery") or the recovery on any investments in bonds or other 
instruments issued by such Reference Entity will be higher (and may be significantly higher) than the zero

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
 
recovery value ascribed to such Reference Entity under the Notes. Likewise, if the Final Price is specified in the 
Final Terms in relation to Credit Linked Notes, such fixed Final Price may be lower (and may be significantly 
lower) than the recovery which an investor in bonds or instruments issued by such Reference Entity would receive. 
Furthermore, both where "Zero Recovery" or a specified Final Price is applicable, the market value of the Credit 
Linked Notes may not reflect the market value of a credit default swap on the Reference Entity or any other 
products linked to or issued by the Reference Entity which may be significantly higher. 
The Issuer and Calculation Agent are not obliged to disclose information on Reference Entities 
The relevant Issuer and the Calculation Agent are not obliged to disclose to holders of the Notes any information 
which they may have at the Issue Date or receive thereafter in relation to any Reference Entity. 
The value of the Credit Linked Notes may be adversely affected by Illiquidity or Cessation of Indices 
In determining the value of the Credit Linked Notes, dealers may take into account the level of a related credit 
index in addition to or as an alternative to other sources of pricing data. If any relevant index ceases to be liquid, 
or ceases to be published in its entirety, then the value of the Notes may be adversely affected. 
Historical performance may not predict future performance 
Individual Reference Entities may not perform as indicated by the historical performance of similar entities and 
no assurance can be given with respect to the future performance of any Reference Entities. Historical default 
statistics may not capture events that would constitute Credit Events for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Limited provision of information about the Reference Entities 
Investors should conduct their own investigation and analysis with respect to the creditworthiness of Reference 
Entities and the likelihood of the occurrence of a Succession Event or Credit Event. 
Reference Entities may not be subject to regular reporting requirements under securities laws. The Reference 
Entities may report information in accordance with different disclosure and accounting standards. Consequently, 
the information available for such Reference Entities may be different from, and in some cases less than, the 
information available for entities that are subject to the reporting requirements under the United Kingdom 
securities laws. None of the Issuers or the Calculation Agent or any of their respective Affiliates make any 
representation as to the accuracy or completeness of any information available with respect to the Reference 
Entities. 
None of the Issuers or the Calculation Agent or any of their respective Affiliates will have any obligation to keep 
investors informed as to any matters with respect to the Reference Entities or any of their obligations, including 
whether or not circumstances exist that give rise to the possibility of the occurrence of a Credit Event or a 
Succession Event with respect to the Reference Entities. 
Prospective investors should note that in certain circumstances, there may be no requirement for the relevant 
Issuer to give information which is generally publicly available in relation to the occurrence of a Credit Event. If

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
 
a Credit Event occurs in respect of an Obligation of a Reference Entity which is not public, Noteholders of the 
Credit Linked Notes may not be able to verify the occurrence of such Credit Event. 
Risks associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
The institutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee owe no duty to the Noteholders and have 
the ability to make determinations that may materially affect the Noteholders, such as the occurrence of a Credit 
Event or a Succession Event. A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may be able to make determinations 
without action or knowledge of the Noteholders. 
Noteholders may have no role in the composition of any Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Separate 
criteria apply with respect to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions to serve on a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and the Noteholders may have no role in establishing such criteria. In addition, the 
composition of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will change from time to time in accordance with 
the Rules, as the term of an institution may expire or an institution may be required to be replaced. The Noteholders 
may have no control over the process for selecting institutions to participate on a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and, to the extent provided for in the Notes, will be subject to the determinations made 
by such selected institutions in accordance with the Rules. 
Noteholders may have no recourse against either the institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee or the external reviewers. Institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and 
the external reviewers, among others, disclaim any duty of care or liability arising in connection with the 
performance of duties or the provision of advice under the Rules, except in the case of gross negligence, fraud or 
wilful misconduct. Furthermore, the institutions on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee do not owe 
any duty to the Noteholders and the Noteholders will be prevented from pursuing claims with respect to actions 
taken by such institutions under the Rules. 
Noteholders should also be aware that institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
have no duty to research or verify the veracity of information on which a specific determination is based. In 
addition, a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not obligated to follow previous determinations and, 
therefore, could reach a conflicting determination on a similar set of facts. If the relevant Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent or any of their respective Affiliates serve as a member of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
at any time, then they will act without regard to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Noteholders are responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, 
meetings held to deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes will be published on the ISDA website 
and neither the relevant Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their respective Affiliates shall be obliged to 
inform the Noteholders of such information (other than as expressly provided in respect of the Notes). Failure by 
the Noteholders to be aware of information relating to deliberations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will have no effect under the Notes and Noteholders are solely responsible for obtaining any such 
information.

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
 
Investors should read the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules as amended from time to time as 
set 
out 
on 
the 
ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Determinations 
Committees 
website, 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/dc-rules/ and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decisions. Investors should however note that the Rules may subsequently be amended from time to 
time without the consent or input of the Noteholders and the powers of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee may be expanded or modified as a result. 
Multiple Auctions following Restructuring Credit Event 
Where multiple concurrent Auctions are held following a Restructuring Credit Event, the relevant Issuer may be 
entitled to select a particular Auction for the purposes of settlement of the Credit Linked Notes. The relevant 
Issuer will make such election acting in its own interests and not in the interests of the Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent may modify the terms of the Credit Linked Notes 
The Calculation Agent may, following its determination that there has been a change in the prevailing market 
standard terms or market trading conventions that affects any hedging transaction, modify the terms of the Credit 
Linked Notes to the extent reasonably necessary to ensure consistency with the prevailing market standard terms 
or market trading conventions, without the consent of Noteholders or prior notice to Noteholders. The Calculation 
Agent is not obliged to make any such modifications. If the Calculation Agent modifies the terms of the Credit 
Linked Notes, it will do so without regard to the interests of the holders of the Credit Linked Notes and any such 
modification may be prejudicial to the interests of the holder of the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent may modify the terms of the Notes 
The Calculation Agent may, following its determination that there has been a change in the prevailing market 
standard terms or market trading conventions that affects any hedging transaction, modify the terms of the Notes 
to the extent reasonably necessary to ensure consistency with the prevailing market standard terms or market 
trading conventions, without the consent of Noteholders or prior notice to Noteholders. The Calculation Agent is 
not obliged to make any such modifications. If the Calculation Agent modifies the terms of the Notes, it will do 
so without regard to the interests of the holders of the Notes and any such modification may be prejudicial to the 
interests of the holder of the Notes. 
Certain considerations associated with Hybrid Notes 
An investment in Hybrid Notes will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a conventional 
debt security. On settlement of Hybrid Notes, Noteholders will receive an amount (if any) determined by reference 
to the value of a number of different Underlying References. Hybrid Notes pay interest amount(s) calculated by 
reference to the value of a number of different Underlying References. 
(D) 
RISKS RELATING TO SECURED NOTES 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with the Mortgaged Property

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
 
Collateral  
If the Notes are Secured Notes in order to secure its obligations under a Series of Notes, MBFL will grant to the 
Security Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders security over the Collateral Assets or its rights in respect of the 
Collateral Assets. Where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final 
Terms then the Counterparty may be obliged under the Transfer Agreement, Credit Support Document and/or any 
Additional Charged Agreement to transfer the relevant Collateral Assets to MBFL from time to time. The purpose 
of the Charged Agreements may also be to allow MBFL to perform its scheduled obligations under the Secured 
Notes, all as described more fully in the applicable Final Terms. Where Collateral Arrangements Only is specified 
as applying the Final Terms it will be the responsibility of MBFL or, failing MBFL, the Guarantor to provide the 
relevant Charged Assets and MBFL may have certain obligations or rights to adjust the Collateral Assets from 
time to time.  
Shortfall on Realisation of Mortgaged Property  
If the Notes are Secured Notes the security provided for a Series of Notes is limited to the Mortgaged Property in 
respect of such Series. The proceeds of realisation of the Mortgaged Property may be less than the sums due to 
the Noteholders in respect of such Series. In the event that a Shortfall exists, MBFL or, failing MBFL, the 
Guarantor shall remain liable for the Shortfall pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee. Any Shortfall will constitute 
an unsecured claim by the Noteholders against MBFL or, if MBFL fails to make payment of such amount, the 
Guarantor. Investors should be aware that they are therefore exposed to the creditworthiness of MBFL and the 
Guarantor. In the event of the insolvency of MBFL and the Guarantor, investors may lose all or a substantial 
portion of their investment.  
Adjustment of Collateral Assets  
Where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final Terms then pursuant 
to the terms of the relevant Charged Agreement(s) and if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, MBFL and 
the Counterparty may transfer amounts of cash or securities to each other by way of credit support from time to 
time. Such amounts when held by MBFL will comprise part of the Collateral Assets. Investors should review 
carefully such provisions to understand the effect of these on the Notes. One possible approach is that the 
Counterparty may calculate the fair market value of the Secured Notes and the fair market value of Collateral 
Assets (taking into account all factors which the Counterparty deems relevant), and provided that no account shall 
be taken of the financial condition of (i) MBFL which shall be presumed to be able to perform fully its respective 
obligations under the Secured Notes or (ii) the Guarantor which shall be presumed to be able to perform fully its 
obligations under the Guarantee, and on such periodic basis as set out in the applicable Final Terms and the 
relevant Charged Agreement(s). In the event that on the date of valuation there is a mismatch between the fair 
market value of the Collateral Assets and the fair market value of the Secured Notes, the Counterparty shall deliver 
Collateral Assets and, as applicable, MBFL shall redeliver Collateral Assets to the Counterparty pursuant to the 
Credit Support Document, if applicable. If, prior to a valuation date, the fair market value of the Secured Notes 
increases, or the fair market value of the Collateral Assets decreases, investors will be exposed to the mismatch

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
 
between the fair market value of the Secured Notes and the fair market value of the Collateral Assets until the 
next valuation date.  
Where Collateral Arrangements Only is specified as applying in the Final Terms the terms of the Secured Notes 
may provide that the Collateral Assets may be adjusted in accordance with the terms of Secured Notes Condition 
5 (Adjustment of Collateral Assets). Such adjustment will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms and may 
be in whole or in part and may be for cash or other assets. Such adjustment may involve MBFL topping up, 
removing, maintaining and/or substituting Collateral Assets and this may diminish or have an adverse effect on 
the value of the Collateral Assets in some circumstances.  
The following considerations apply principally where Collateral Arrangements Only is specified as applying the 
Final Terms. However it is possible that similar features may be specified where Charged Agreement/Collateral 
Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final Terms:  
• 
The relevant adjustment rights of MBFL in respect of the Collateral Assets where applicable will be 
specified in the Final Terms. In the case where MBFL has the right but not the obligation to top up the 
Collateral Assets Noteholders should be aware that no assurance expressed or implied can be given that in 
any circumstances MBFL will exercise its right to provide any additional Collateral Assets. As a result 
Collateral Assets may be limited to the Initial Collateral Assets at all times.  
• 
Where specified in the Final Terms MBFL may have the right to remove excess Collateral Assets at any 
time to the extent that they are not then required to meet the relevant coverage requirement specified in the 
Final Terms. However, in this case investors should note that MBFL may be under no obligation to return 
the Collateral Assets at any time following the removal. It is possible that the relevant coverage requirement 
in respect of the Collateral Assets will not be met. As a result the Collateral Assets will be less than if 
MBFL had not exercised such right.  
• 
In certain cases MBFL may have the right to substitute Collateral Assets and this may either be with the 
requirement that the value of the Collateral Asset is immediately following the substitution remains at least 
equal to their value immediately prior to the substitution or it may be by reference to the requirement that 
the relevant coverage requirement for the Collateral Assets continues to be met immediately following the 
substitution. Where MBFL exercises any substitution right this may have a detrimental effect on the 
available Collateral Assets and their quality which may be disadvantageous to Noteholders. Any such 
substitution right may be exercised any number of times.  
Investors should note that MBFL will only have an obligation to maintain the Collateral Assets where this is so 
specified in the Final Terms. In this case the maintenance obligation may be by reference to the nominal value of 
Collateral Assets or otherwise the value of the Collateral Assets determined as specified in the terms and 
conditions and the Final Terms. Investors should review carefully these provisions in order to understand clearly 
the way in which these may operate and their effect on the value of the Secured Notes. In the event that under 
Condition 5 (Adjustment of Collateral Assets), MBFL or under the Credit Support Document (if applicable) the 
Counterparty is required to deliver additional Collateral Assets, MBFL and/or the Counterparty shall do so as

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
 
soon as practicable following the relevant valuation date. There may be a delay between the valuation date and 
the date on which MBFL and/or the Counterparty is able to deliver such additional Collateral Assets and investors 
will be exposed to the mismatch between the fair market value of the Secured Notes and the value of the Collateral 
Assets during such period.  
Potential Conflicts of Interest between the Investors and the Counterparty  
This section applies where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final 
Terms. Various potential and actual conflicts of interest may arise between the interests of the Noteholders and 
the Counterparty, which is likely to be an affiliate of MBFL. Neither the Counterparty nor its affiliates is required 
to resolve such conflicts of interest in favour of the Noteholders and may pursue actions and take such steps that 
it deems necessary or appropriate to protect its interests without regard to the consequences for the Noteholders. 
In particular, the interests of the Counterparty may be adverse to those of the Noteholders. The terms of the 
Transfer Agreement and, if applicable, the Credit Support Document require the Counterparty to make certain 
determinations and exercise certain discretions (including as to the value of the Secured Notes and the Collateral 
Assets) and it may make such determinations and exercise such discretions without any regard for the interests of 
the Noteholders.  
Collateral Management  
In respect of certain Series of Secured Notes MBFL and, where applicable, the Counterparty may each appoint 
one or more agents to perform custodial and administrative functions relating to their obligations under the 
Secured Notes, the Transfer Agreement, the Collateral Assets or the Credit Support Document, as applicable. 
Such delegation shall not relieve MBFL or the Counterparty, where applicable, of their obligations under the 
Secured Notes, the relevant Transfer Agreement, the Collateral Assets or Credit Support Document, as applicable, 
and MBFL or the Counterparty shall be liable for the acts and omissions of their agents. In addition, a failure by 
any agent to perform its duties and obligations with respect to the Collateral Assets, or the occurrence of any 
adverse event in relation to any of those entities, may adversely affect the availability of the Collateral Assets, and 
consequently adversely affect the realisation of the Mortgaged Property.  
Possible mandatory redemption or cancellation following termination of the Transfer Agreement or Credit 
Support Document  
Where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final Terms then if the 
Transfer Agreement or, if applicable, Credit Support Document is terminated in accordance with its terms prior 
to its stated date of termination, MBFL may, if such right is specified in the Final Terms, redeem or cancel, as 
applicable, the Secured Notes in whole but not in part by payment of the Early Redemption Amount together with 
any accrued interest. Following such redemption or cancellation an investor generally may not be able to reinvest 
the redemption or cancellation proceeds in a comparable security with an effective return as high as the return on 
the relevant Secured Notes. If the Transfer Agreement or Credit Support Document, as applicable, is terminated 
as a result of an event of default, the Security will, if so specified in the Final Terms, become enforceable.

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
 
 
Fluctuations in the value of the Mortgaged Property  
The Collateral Assets may be subject to fluctuations in value. Investors should note that the Collateral Assets may 
suffer a negative performance between the time at which the Security becomes enforceable and the realisation of 
the Mortgaged Property. In extraordinary circumstances, the Mortgaged Property available at the time at which 
the Security becomes enforceable could completely lose its value by the time of realisation.  
Substitution of the Collateral Assets at the option of the Counterparty and Counterparty control  
This section applies where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements is specified as applying in the Final 
Terms. Pursuant to the terms of the Transfer Agreement or the Credit Support Document, as applicable, the 
Counterparty may substitute existing Collateral Assets for Eligible Collateral. The Counterparty is not required to 
obtain the consent of MBFL or the Security Trustee prior to such substitution. The Counterparty may substitute 
the Collateral Assets any number of times over the term of the Notes.  
Where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements is specified as applying in the Final Terms, pursuant to the 
terms of the Transfer Agreement or the Credit Support Document, as applicable, Collateral Assets will be (a) 
delivered to MBFL, (b) returned to the Counterparty, or (c) substituted, and in each case the selection of such 
Collateral Assets will be at the direction of the Counterparty.  
Lack of diversification of the Mortgaged Property  
Investors should note that it is possible the Collateral Assets will have low diversification; in other words, the 
Collateral Assets may be limited to one or few assets. Such low diversification increases the risk that the proceeds 
of realisation of the Mortgaged Property may be less than the sums due to the Noteholders under the Secured 
Notes.  
Application of Proceeds  
This section applies where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements is specified as applying in the Final 
Terms. Investors should note that in relation to a Series of Notes and in respect of the net proceeds of realisation 
of, or enforcement with respect to, the Mortgaged Property, if "Counterparty Priority Basis" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the claims of the Counterparty to such proceeds will be senior to and therefore rank ahead 
of the claims of the Noteholders.  
Risk of a delay in the realisation of the Mortgaged Property in the event of the insolvency of MBFL  
In the event of the insolvency of MBFL, the realisation of the Mortgaged Property may be delayed either by the 
insolvency administrator appointed in relation to MBFL or by measures ordered by the competent court. Such 
delay could adversely affect the position of the Noteholders in the event of depreciation of the value of the 
Mortgaged Property during such delay.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
 
Risks arising on an insolvency of the Counterparty in relation to a Credit Support Document  
This section applies where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements is specified as applying in the Final 
Terms. In the event that MBFL enters into a Transfer Agreement and, if applicable, a Credit Support Document 
with the Counterparty in respect of a Series of Secured Notes, the Counterparty will transfer Collateral Assets to 
MBFL. In the event that a liquidator or administrator were to be appointed in respect of the business and property 
of the Counterparty, no assurance can be given that the effect of the such transfers will be to remove the Collateral 
Assets from the property of the Counterparty available to a liquidator or administrator of the Counterparty for 
distribution to the general creditors of the Counterparty.  
It is possible that a liquidator or administrator appointed in relation to the business and property of the 
Counterparty may commence proceedings to challenge the validity and effectiveness of the Transfer Agreement 
and, if applicable, the Credit Support Document for the purpose of including the Collateral Assets in the property 
and estate of the Counterparty. If insolvency proceedings were commenced in respect of the Counterparty, and in 
particular against MBFL in relation to the Transfer Agreement and, if applicable, the Credit Support Document, 
delays in realising the Mortgaged Property, possible reductions in the realisation amount of the Mortgaged 
Property and limitations on the exercise of remedies in relation to the enforcement of the Security could occur.  
SFTR (Article 15) Title Transfer Collateral Arrangements Risk Disclosure 
In respect of any Series of Secured Notes, MBFL may have entered into, or may enter into, one or more "title 
transfer collateral arrangements" (as defined in Article 2(1) of Directive 2002/47/EC under EU SFTR (as defined 
below) and regulation 3 of the Financial Collateral Arrangements (No.2) Regulations 2003 under UK SFTR (as 
defined below)) (each such arrangement, a "Title Transfer Arrangement") with a Counterparty in respect of 
such Series of Secured Notes. The Title Transfer Arrangement may take the form of a credit support annex to an 
ISDA Master Agreement (which may constitute a Transfer Agreement including a Credit Support Annex), a global 
master repurchase agreement as published by the International Capital Market Association and Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Association (which may constitute a Transfer Agreement) or another form that provides 
for collateralisation on a title transfer basis. 
Under (i) Article 15 of Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 
2015 on transparency of securities financing transactions and of reuse and amending Regulation (EU) No 
648/2012 (as amended from time to time) ("EU SFTR") and (ii) Article 15 of EU SFTR as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (“UK SFTR”, and together with EU SFTR, “SFTR”), the transferee 
of securities under any Title Transfer Arrangement is required to inform the transferor of such securities of the 
general risks and consequences that may be involved in entering into a Title Transfer Arrangement. Such risks 
are detailed below and are also relevant for Noteholders even though they will not be party directly to any Title 
Transfer Arrangement, particularly in circumstances where MBFL is a transferor of securities under a Title 
Transfer Arrangement.  
In the section below, the person that transfers securities under a Title Transfer Arrangement is referred to as the 
"Transferor", the person to whom such securities are transferred is referred to as the "Transferee" and the

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
 
Collateral Assets for a Series of Secured Notes will be the notes which may be transferred under a Title Transfer 
Arrangement.  
Loss of proprietary rights in Collateral Assets 
The rights, including any proprietary rights that a Transferor has in Collateral Assets transferred to a Transferee 
will be replaced (subject to any security granted by the Transferee) by an unsecured contractual claim for delivery 
of equivalent Collateral Assets, subject to the terms of the Title Transfer Arrangement. If the Transferee becomes 
insolvent or defaults under the Title Transfer Arrangement, the Transferor's claim for delivery of equivalent 
Collateral Assets will not be secured and will be subject to the terms of the Title Transfer Arrangement and 
applicable law. Consequently, the Transferor may not receive such equivalent Collateral Assets (although the 
Transferor's exposure may be reduced to the extent that its liabilities to the Transferee under such Title Transfer 
Arrangement and/or other liabilities it has to the Transferee under any other Title Transfer Arrangement or other 
agreement can be netted or set-off against the obligation of the Transferee to deliver equivalent Collateral Assets 
to the Transferor). 
Where MBFL is the Transferor, upon transfer of the Collateral Assets, such securities will cease to form part of 
the Mortgaged Property so Noteholders will no longer have the benefit of security over such securities. In the 
event of the Counterparty (as Transferee) becoming insolvent or otherwise defaulting, the Mortgaged Property 
will not include equivalent Collateral Assets which MBFL might otherwise have been expecting to receive. In 
these circumstances, Noteholders should be aware that the net proceeds of enforcement and/or realisation, as 
applicable, of the Mortgaged Property may be insufficient to cover amounts that would otherwise be due under 
the relevant Series of Secured Notes and consequently the Noteholders are exposed to the credit risk of the 
Counterparty (as Transferee). 
Where the Counterparty is the Transferor, upon transfer of the Collateral Assets, MBFL's obligations to transfer 
equivalent Collateral Assets in respect of the Title Transfer Arrangement, amongst other things, will be secured 
by the Mortgaged Property in respect of the relevant Series of Secured Notes. The Counterparty will not have any 
proprietary rights in the Collateral Assets transferred to MBFL. If MBFL defaults under the Title Transfer 
Arrangement, although the Counterparty's claim for delivery of equivalent Collateral Assets will benefit from 
security granted by MBFL, the Counterparty's claim for delivery of equivalent Collateral Assets may, as a result 
of the applicable payment waterfall, be subordinated to prior ranking claims of certain other parties in respect of 
the Mortgaged Property. Consequently, the Transferor may not receive the equivalent Collateral Assets (although 
the Transferor's exposure may be reduced to the extent that its liabilities to the Transferee under such Title Transfer 
Arrangement and/or other liabilities it has to the Transferee under any other Title Transfer Arrangement or other 
agreement can be netted or set-off against an obligation on the Transferee to deliver equivalent Collateral Assets 
to the Transferor). 
Stay of proceedings following resolution process 
In the event that a resolution process (i.e. the process by which the authorities can intervene to manage the failure 
of a firm in an orderly fashion) is commenced by a resolution authority under any relevant resolution regime in

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
 
relation to the Transferee, then (i) any rights that the Transferor may have to take any action against the Transferee, 
such as to terminate the Title Transfer Arrangement, may be subject to a stay by the relevant resolution authority 
and (ii) the Transferor's claim for delivery of equivalent Collateral Assets may be reduced (in part or in full) or 
converted into equity or (iii) a transfer of assets or liabilities may result in the Transferor's claim against the 
Transferee being transferred to different entities, although the Transferor may be protected to the extent that the 
exercise of resolution powers is restricted by the availability of set-off or netting rights.  
Where MBFL is the Transferor, this means that MBFL may not be able to immediately enforce its rights against 
the Counterparty and its rights may be altered by operation of law or contract. Noteholders will be exposed to the 
risk of such delay and alteration of rights against the Counterparty. 
Loss of voting rights in respect of Collateral Assets 
The Transferor in respect of any Collateral Assets will not be entitled to exercise, or direct the Transferee to 
exercise (subject to the terms of the Security Trust Deed in the event that the Counterparty is the Transferor) any 
voting, consent or similar rights attached to the Collateral Assets. 
Noteholders should be aware that where the Transferor is MBFL, the Noteholders will not have any right under 
the Security Trust Deed to direct MBFL to exercise any voting, consent or similar rights attached to the Collateral 
Assets. 
No information provided in respect of Collateral Assets 
The Transferee will have title to any Collateral Assets and may or may not continue to hold such Collateral Assets 
and as such it will have no obligation to inform the Transferor of any corporate events or actions in relation to any 
Collateral Assets. 
Where MBFL is the Transferor, this means that no assurance can be given to Noteholders that they will be 
informed of events affecting any Collateral Assets. 
Illiquid Collateral Assets  
The Collateral Assets may comprise assets which are not admitted to any public trading market and may therefore 
be illiquid and not readily realisable.  
Further issues  
Further fungible Secured Notes may be issued by MBFL that issued the Original Secured Notes in certain 
circumstances. The additional Collateral Assets which MBFL must provide for such further Secured Notes relative 
to the aggregate nominal amount of the further Secured Notes may be such as to affect the value of the original 
security provided for the Secured Notes.  
Commingling of Collateral Assets and rights of set-off of the Custodian and Account Bank

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
 
Prospective investors' attention is drawn to the limited circumstances permitted by the Secured Notes Conditions, 
the Transfer Agreement or the Credit Support Document, as applicable, whereby the Collateral Assets held by the 
relevant Custodian are not segregated from the designated investments of the relevant Custodian: for instance in 
the case of cash or in certain circumstances in the case of registrable securities. In such circumstances, in the event 
of the relevant Custodian's insolvency, MBFL's assets, or rights against any Counterparty or to such assets may 
not be as well protected from claims made on behalf of the general creditors of the relevant Custodian. 
In addition, prospective investors should note that pursuant to the Custody Agreement and/or the Account Bank 
Agreement, in relation to Series of Secured Notes, the Custodian and/or the Account Bank may have rights of set-
off with respect to the cash accounts held by relating to such Series. As a result, they may set-off between (i) any 
balances from any such cash account showing a credit balance and (ii) any such cash account showing a debit 
balance. Such set-off may be recorded in the books of the Custodian and/or the Account Bank as a transfer from 
one such cash account to another. As a result, the amount which will be available to holders of the relevant Series 
upon enforcement of the security in relation to a Series of Secured Notes may be less than if such set-off had not 
occurred and as a result, the proceeds of realisation of the Mortgaged Property may be less than the sums due to 
the Noteholders in respect of such Series (prospective investors’ attention is accordingly drawn to the risk factor 
entitled “Shortfall on Realisation of Mortgaged Property” above). 
Security Trustee Indemnity  
The Security Trustee shall not be bound to enforce the security in relation to a Series of Secured Notes unless (i) 
directed to do so by the Instructing Creditor and (ii) it is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction. 
Capacity of BNP Paribas and its affiliates 
BNP Paribas and its affiliates (the BNPP Parties) may act in a number of capacities in connection with any issue 
of Secured Notes, including as Fiscal Agent or Security Trustee, Liquidation Agent, a Collateral Asset 
administration agent, Paying Agent and/or Custodian. The BNPP Parties acting in such capacities in connection 
with such transactions shall have only the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to by such entities in the 
relevant capacity and shall not, by virtue of acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or 
responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of care other than as expressly provided with respect to each such 
capacity. The BNPP Parties are part of a global investment banking and securities firm that provides a wide range 
of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, 
governments and high-net-worth individuals. As such, they actively make markets in and trade financial 
instruments for their own account and for the accounts of customers in the ordinary course of their business. The 
BNPP Parties in their various capacities in connection with the contemplated transactions may enter into business 
dealings, from which they may derive revenues and profits in addition to any fees, without any duty to account 
therefor. Each of the BNPP Parties will act in its own commercial interest in its various capacities without regard 
to whether its interests conflict with those of the holders of the Secured Notes or any other party. 
The BNPP Parties do not disclose specific trading positions or their hedging strategies, including whether they 
are in long or short positions in any Secured Notes or obligations referred to in this Base Prospectus except where

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
 
required in accordance with the applicable law. Nonetheless, in the ordinary course of business, BNPP Parties and 
employees or customers of the BNPP Parties may actively trade in and/or otherwise hold long or short positions 
in the Secured Notes or enter into similar transactions referencing the Secured Notes or the obligors thereof for 
their own accounts and for the accounts of their customers.  If a BNPP Party becomes an owner of any of the 
Secured Notes, through market-making activity or otherwise, any actions that it takes in its capacity as owner, 
including voting, providing consents or otherwise will not necessarily be aligned with the interests of other owners 
of the Secured Notes. To the extent a BNPP Party makes a market in the Secured Notes (which it is under no 
obligation to do), it would expect to receive income from the spreads between its bid and offer prices for the 
Secured Notes. In connection with any such activity, it will have no obligation to take, refrain from taking or cease 
taking any action with respect to these transactions and activities based on the potential effect on an investor in 
the Secured Notes. The price at which a BNPP Party may be willing to purchase Secured Notes, if it makes a 
market, will depend on market conditions and other relevant factors and may be significantly lower than the issue 
price for the Secured Notes and significantly lower than the price at which it may be willing to sell the Secured 
Notes. 
(E) 
ADDITIONAL FACTORS RELATING TO CERTAIN UNDERLYING REFERENCES 
Certain considerations associated with Notes linked to ETIs 
ETI Linked Notes linked to one or more interest in exchange traded instruments reflect the performance of such 
interest in exchange traded instruments. 
An exchange traded instrument may invest in and trade in a variety of investments and financial instruments using 
sophisticated investment techniques for hedging and non-hedging purposes. Such financial instruments and 
investment techniques may include, but are not limited to, the use of leverage, short sales of notes, derivative 
transactions, such as swaps, stock options, index options, futures contracts and options on futures, lending of notes 
to certain financial institutions, entry into repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements for notes and the 
investment in foreign notes and foreign currencies. 
The amount payable on ETI Linked Notes will be dependent on the performance of the relevant ETI(s) underlying 
the ETI Linked Notes, which may be linked to the reported NAV per ETI Interest, the trading price available on 
an exchange for the relevant ETI Interest and/or the actual redemption proceeds the Hedge Provider or a 
hypothetical investor in the relevant ETI(s) would receive. The amount payable on the ETI Linked Notes may be 
less and in certain circumstances may be significantly less than the return from a direct investment in the relevant 
ETI(s) and may be zero. 
Unlike Funds, exchange traded instruments are not actively managed. The value of an interest in an exchange 
traded instrument will decline, more or less, in line with the decline of any notes or the value of any index 
underlying or linked to the relevant exchange traded instrument. Exchange traded instruments involve risks similar 
to those of investing in any equity notes traded on an exchange, such as market fluctuations caused by, amongst 
other things, economic and political developments, changes in interest rates and perceived trends in prices of

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
 
notes. Where the relevant exchange traded instrument is linked to a particular index, the return on such exchange 
traded instrument may not match the return of the particular index. 
Potential investors in ETI Linked Notes should be aware that none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) 
or the Calculation Agent have any control over investments made by the relevant exchange traded instrument(s) 
and in no way guarantee the performance of an exchange traded instrument or the amount payable to holders of 
ETI Linked Notes. 
In hedging the relevant Issuer's obligations under the ETI Linked Notes, the Hedge Provider is not restricted to 
any particular hedging practice. Accordingly, the Hedge Provider may hedge its exposure using any method it, in 
its sole discretion, deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, investing in the relevant exchange traded 
instrument(s), replicating the performance of the relevant exchange traded instrument(s) or holding any of the 
assets underlying the relevant exchange traded instrument(s). The Hedge Provider may perform any number of 
different hedging practices with respect to ETI Linked Notes. 
Investing directly or indirectly in interests in exchange traded instruments is generally considered to be risky. If 
the exchange traded instrument does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Notes will fall, and may in 
certain circumstances be zero. 
Prospective investors should review carefully the prospectus, information memorandum and/or offering circular 
(if any) issued by any relevant exchange traded instrument before purchasing any ETI Linked Notes. None of the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Calculation Agent or any of their respective Affiliates make any 
representation as to the creditworthiness of any relevant exchange traded instrument or any such exchange traded 
instrument's administrative, custodian, investment manager or adviser. 
Certain considerations associated with Notes linked to Funds 
Where an Issuer issues Fund Linked Notes linked to one or more Funds, the relevant Notes reflect the performance 
of such fund(s). 
Investors in Fund Linked Notes should understand that: 
(i) 
there are market risks associated with an actual investment in the underlying Fund(s), and while the Fund 
Linked Notes do not create an actual interest in the underlying Fund(s), the return on the Fund Linked 
Notes generally involves the same associated risks as an actual investment in the underlying Fund(s). The 
Issuer has not purported and does not purport to be a source of information concerning the market risks 
associated with such underlying Fund or Fund interests; 
(ii) 
third parties, not related to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, may subscribe for and redeem underlying 
fund interests. These investments may affect the performance and volatility of such Fund’s net asset value 
and so subsequently affect, from time to time, the return on the Fund Linked Notes; 
(iii) 
the relevant Issuer has no control over the underlying Fund(s) or the performance of such Fund(s) and any

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
 
performance of the underlying Fund(s) necessary for the Fund Linked Notes to yield a specified return is 
not assured. Potential investors in the Fund Linked Notes should understand that the performance of the 
underlying Fund(s) may, depending on the terms of the Fund Linked Notes, strongly affect the value of 
payments on the Fund Linked Notes; 
(iv) 
the value of units in the underlying Fund(s) and the income from it may fluctuate significantly. The Issuer 
makes no representation or warranty about, or guarantee of, the performance of an underlying Fund; 
(v) 
the relevant Issuer has not provided and will not provide during the term of the Fund Linked Notes 
prospective investors with any information or advice with respect to the performance of an underlying 
Fund. The Issuer may have acquired, or during the term of the Fund Linked Notes may acquire, non-public 
information with respect to an underlying Fund, which will not be provided to the Noteholders; 
(vi) 
the Funds may follow a wide range of investment strategies, invest in assets in a number of different 
countries and invest in assets denominated in a number of different currencies. The returns to the 
Noteholders may, therefore, be materially affected by, among other things, market trends, exchange rate 
fluctuations and political and economic developments in the relevant countries. This may lead to 
substantial volatility in the net asset value of the Funds; 
(vii) 
the funds may have investment strategies and guidelines that are very broad. They may also be free to 
engage in additional or alternative strategies without reference to any other person including the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the investor; 
(viii) Funds may trade and invest in a broad range of investments and financial instruments using sophisticated 
investment techniques for hedging and non-hedging purposes such as debt and equity securities, 
commodities and foreign exchange and may enter into derivative transactions, including, without 
limitation, futures, swaps and options. Such financial instruments and investment techniques may also 
include, but are not limited to, the use of leverage, short sales of securities, transactions that involve the 
lending and borrowing of securities to financial institutions, investment in sub-investment grade or non-
readily realizable investments, uncovered options transactions, options and futures transactions and foreign 
exchange transactions and the use of concentrated portfolios, the entry into repurchase and reverse 
repurchase agreements for securities and the investment in foreign securities and foreign currencies. While 
these investment strategies and financial instruments provide the investment manager and/or adviser of a 
Fund the flexibility to implement a range of strategies in an attempt to generate positive returns for the 
Fund, they also create the risk of significant losses and, in certain circumstances, may magnify adverse 
market developments and losses that may adversely affect the value of the Fund and therefore the return 
on the Fund Linked Notes. Potential investors should be aware that none of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if any) or the Calculation Agent have any control over investments made by a Fund and 
therefore in no way guarantee the performance of a Fund and therefore the amount due to Noteholders on 
redemption of the Fund Linked Notes;

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Funds may often be illiquid and may only be traded on a monthly, quarterly or even less frequent basis. 
The trading strategies of Funds are often opaque. Funds, as well as the markets and instruments in which 
they invest, are often not subject to review by governmental authorities, self-regulatory organisations or 
other supervisory authorities; 
(x) 
the amount payable on Fund Linked Notes will be dependent on the performance of the relevant Fund(s) 
underlying the Fund Linked Notes, which may be linked to the reported NAV per Fund Share and/or the 
actual redemption proceeds the Hedge Provider or a hypothetical investor in the relevant Fund(s) would 
receive. The amount payable on the Fund Linked Notes may be less than the amount payable from a direct 
investment in the relevant Fund(s);  
(xi) 
in certain circumstances, a Fund may continue reporting a NAV per Fund Share, but the Hedge Provider 
or a hypothetical investor may not be able to realise their investment in the relevant Fund(s) at such reported 
NAV per Fund Share. In such a case, the return on the Fund Linked Notes may be less and in certain 
circumstances may be significantly less than the reported performance of the relevant Fund(s) and may be 
zero; 
(xii) 
a Fund may be established as part of a master-feeder fund structure. Generally, a master-feeder fund 
structure involves the incorporation of a "master" fund company into which separate and distinct "feeder" 
funds invest. Active management of any investment strategy is, generally, performed at the master fund 
level. In instances where the Fund(s) underlying the relevant Fund Linked Notes are "feeder" funds, the 
Extraordinary Fund Events (see "Other Events relating to Fund Linked Notes" below) extend to include 
the "master" fund and its service providers. In conducting their own due diligence of the relevant Fund(s), 
prospective investors should pay particular attention to whether the relevant Fund(s) are established as part 
of a master-feeder fund structure; 
(xiii) In hedging the relevant Issuer's obligations under the Fund Linked Notes, the Hedge Provider is not 
restricted to any particular hedging practice. Accordingly, the Hedge Provider may hedge its exposure 
using any method it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, investing in the 
relevant Fund(s), replicating the performance of the relevant Fund(s) or holding any of the assets 
underlying the relevant Fund(s). The Hedge Provider may perform any number of different hedging 
practices with respect to Fund Linked Notes; 
(xiv) the Funds may often rely on a few individuals to determine their investment strategies and to make 
investment decision. The loss of such individuals could jeopardise the performance of the Funds; 
(xv) 
the funds may be engaged in a high level of trading with commensurately high brokerage and transaction 
costs, as well as costs associated with leverage, such as interest payments and margin maintenance. Such 
costs will adversely affect the net asset value of the Funds and so may adversely affect the return on the 
Fund Linked Notes;

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
 
(xvi) the Funds will be exposed to credit risks against brokers and other counterparties with which they deal in 
implementing their investment strategies; 
(xvii) where underlying Funds invest in unlisted shares and certain other assets, risks associated with reduced 
liquidity and lack of objective valuations will arise. Additionally, the underlying Funds may invest in 
emerging markets. This involves risks attributable to nationalisations, expropriation or taxation, currency 
devaluation, foreign exchange control, political, social or diplomatic instability or governmental 
restrictions. The capital markets in such countries have substantially less volume, and are generally less 
liquid and more volatile, than those in more developed markets. Disclosure and regulatory requirements 
could be less stringent than in other markets, with a low level of monitoring and limited and uneven 
enforcements of existing regulations; 
(xviii) an underlying Fund may have no or a limited history, with no proven track record in achieving their stated 
investment objectives; 
(xix) some or all of the underlying Funds may be wholly unregulated investment vehicles and may trade in 
futures, options, forward exchange contracts and other derivative instruments, which may represent 
significant investment risks. In addition, underlying funds may acquire leveraged trading positions, 
including through the use of borrowing, and may engage in short selling. As a result of leverage, relatively 
small adverse price movements may result in substantial losses; and 
(xx) 
an underlying Fund itself may be subject to fees and charges on its investments which shall be borne by 
such Fund and incorporated in the value of interests in it. 
Risk from composition and changes to a fund 
The management company of a Fund can, without regard to the interests of the investors in the Fund Linked 
Notes, add, delete or substitute any funds by reference to which the value of a fund is calculated or make other 
methodological changes that could change the investment profile of a fund. The management company may also 
determine to discontinue a Fund. If a Fund is discontinued, it may be replaced by other assets and/or the Fund 
Linked Notes may be settled early. 
In the event that a Fund is materially modified or permanently cancelled or the management company fails to 
calculate or announce the NAV per Fund Share, the Calculation Agent will either make such adjustments to any 
variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms and conditions of the 
Fund Linked Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the effect on the Fund Linked 
Notes of such events, or may settle the Fund Linked Notes early. Any of these decisions or determinations may 
adversely impact the value of the Fund Linked Notes. 
Funds may be subject to transfer restrictions and illiquidity  
Funds and the assets thereof may be subject to transfer restrictions arising by way of applicable securities laws or 
otherwise. Such restrictions may mean that investors are not entitled to acquire interests in the Funds directly.

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
 
Holders of units or shares (however described) in a Fund may have the right to transfer or withdraw their 
investment in the Fund only at certain times and upon completion of certain documentary formalities and such 
rights may be subject to suspension or alteration. These circumstances may affect the NAV per Fund Share of the 
relevant Funds. Potential investors should familiarise themselves with the features of the Funds in this regard. 
Events which affect the value of a Fund will affect the value of Fund Linked Notes  
The occurrence of any of the following events could materially and adversely affect the value of shares or units 
in a Fund, and have a consequent material and adverse effect on the value of Fund Linked Notes:  
• 
Valuation: The valuation of Funds is generally controlled by the management company of the Fund. 
Valuations are performed in accordance the terms and conditions governing the Fund. Such valuations may 
be based upon the unaudited financial records of the Fund and any accounts pertaining thereto. Such 
valuations may be preliminary calculations of the net asset values of the Fund and accounts. The Fund may 
hold a significant number of investments which are illiquid or otherwise not actively traded and in respect 
of which reliable net asset values may be difficult to obtain. In consequence, the management company 
may vary certain quotations for such investments held by the fund in order to reflect its judgement as to 
the fair value thereof. 
Therefore, valuations may be subject to subsequent adjustment upward or downward. Uncertainties as to 
the valuation of fund assets and/or accounts may have an adverse effect on the net asset value of the Fund 
where such judgements regarding valuations prove to be incorrect. 
• 
Trading charges: The performance of a Fund will be affected by the charges incurred thereby relating to 
the investments of such Fund. The Fund may engage in short-term trading which may result in increased 
turnover and associated higher than normal brokerage commissions and other expenses. 
• 
Legal and regulatory changes: Future changes to applicable law or regulation may be adverse to a Fund. 
• 
Performance risk: No assurance can be given relating to the present or future performance of a Fund. The 
performance of a Fund is dependent on the performance of the management company thereof. Certain 
management companies may utilise analytical models upon which investment decisions are based. No 
assurance can be given that these persons will succeed in meeting the investment objectives of the Fund, 
that any analytical model used thereby will prove to be correct or that any assessments of the short-term or 
long-term prospects, volatility and correlation of the types of investments in which the Funds have invested 
or will invest will prove accurate. 
• 
Effect of exchange rates and exchange controls: The NAV per Fund Share could be adversely affected not 
only by hedging costs and changes in exchange rates, but also by local exchange control regulations and 
other limitations, including currency exchange limitations and political and economic developments in the 
relevant countries. 
• 
Market risks: The markets in which a Fund invests may prove to be highly volatile from time to time as a

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
 
result of, for example, sudden changes in government policies on taxation and currency repatriation or 
changes in legislation relating to the value of foreign ownership in companies, and this may affect the net 
asset value at which a fund may liquidate positions to meet repurchase requests or other funding 
requirements. 
• 
Hedging risks: A Fund may in certain cases employ various hedging techniques to reduce the risk of 
investment positions. A substantial risk remains, nonetheless, that such techniques will not always be 
available and when available, will not always be effective in limiting losses. A fund may take substantial 
unhedged positions. 
• 
Interest rate risks: The values of securities held by a Fund (or by any underlying fund) tend to be sensitive 
to interest rate fluctuations and unexpected fluctuations in interest rates could cause the corresponding 
NAV per Fund Share to move in directions which were not initially anticipated. To the extent that interest 
rate assumptions underlie the hedge ratios implemented in hedging a particular position, fluctuations in 
interest rates could invalidate those underlying assumptions and expose a Fund to losses. 
• 
Suspension of trading: A securities exchange typically has the right to suspend or limit trading in any 
instrument traded on that exchange. A suspension could render it impossible for a Fund to liquidate 
positions and thereby expose a Fund to losses. 
• 
Dependence on key individuals: The success of a Fund is dependent on the expertise of its managers. The 
loss of one or more individuals could have a material adverse effect on the ability of a fund manager to 
direct a Fund’s portfolio, resulting in losses for a Fund and a decline in the value of a Fund. Indeed, certain 
fund managers may have only one principal, without whom the relevant fund manager could not continue 
to operate. 
• 
Experience of fund managers: Certain Funds may be managed by investment managers who have managed 
funds for a relatively short period of time. The previous experience of such investment managers is 
typically in trading proprietary accounts of financial institutions or managing unhedged accounts of 
institutional asset managers or other investment firms. As such investment managers do not have direct 
experience in managing Funds, including experience with financial, legal or regulatory considerations 
unique to fund management, and there is generally less information available on which to base an opinion 
of such managers’ investment and management expertise, investments with such investment managers may 
be subject to greater risk and uncertainty than investments with more experienced fund managers. 
• 
Risk of fraud: There is a risk that a fund manager could divert or abscond with the assets, fail to follow 
agreed-upon investment strategies, provide false reports of operations or engage in other misconduct. 
• 
Performance compensation payable to fund managers: The performance-based compensation paid to a 
fund manager is typically calculated on a basis that includes unrealised appreciation and may consequently 
be greater than if such compensation were based solely on realised gains. Each Fund generally calculates 
its own performance compensation based on its individual performance, irrespective of increases in the

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
 
overall value of the Fund. Furthermore, when the Fund is rebalanced and an unprofitable underlying asset 
is removed, the loss carried forward by such Fund’s trading is eliminated for purposes of calculating 
subsequent performance compensation due to the fund manager of any replacement underlying asset. Thus, 
there may be substantial incentive compensation due to the relevant fund manager even during a period 
when the portfolio of assets is incurring significant losses. 
• 
Risks of leverage: A Fund may borrow subject to applicable restrictions provided by laws and typically 
utilise various lines of credit and other forms of leverage. In addition, certain of a Fund’s investment 
strategies (primarily those utilising derivative instruments) may involve indirect forms of leverage. While 
leverage presents opportunities for increasing a Fund’s total return, it increases the potential risk of loss as 
well. Any event which adversely affects the value of an investment by a fund is magnified to the extent 
that such investment is leveraged. Leverage can have a similar effect on issuers in which a Fund invests. 
The use of leverage by a Fund could result in substantial losses which would be greater than if leverage 
had not been used. A Fund’s assets may be further leveraged or hedged by the use of derivatives. In 
addition, investments of a Fund may include investments in partnerships and other pooled investment 
vehicles, which themselves employ leverage to a significant extent. Such investments are subject to the 
same leverage risks as described above and a Fund could lose its entire investment. As a general matter, 
the banks and dealers that provide financing to a Fund can apply essentially discretionary margin, haircut, 
financing and security and collateral valuation policies. Changes by banks and dealers in these policies 
may result in large margin calls, loss of financing and forced liquidations of positions at disadvantageous 
net asset values. 
• 
Investment criteria: It may be difficult to specify precisely or comprehensively the strategies of a Fund. As 
a result, it may not sometimes be clear whether or not a Fund fulfils the investment criteria set out in its 
offering document. 
• 
Risks of equity investments: The investment orientation of a Fund may be based to a significant extent on 
equity investments. Investment in equity securities to aggressively seek capital appreciation is speculative 
and is generally perceived to encompass greater risks than those involved in connection with an investment 
in debt securities of comparable issuers. 
• 
Risks of fixed income investments: A Fund may invest in fixed income securities and, therefore, may be 
exposed to the risk of default by the issuers of such securities. Such default may result in delays in payment, 
or non-payment of interest or principal when due. Furthermore, the net asset value of fixed income 
securities may also fluctuate with changes in prevailing interest rates and/or in the creditworthiness of the 
issuer, and these fluctuations may result in a loss of capital by a Fund. 
• 
Risks of collective investment schemes: Some Funds may invest in other collective investment schemes. 
Investment in schemes of this type may afford the investor less transparency in respect of the ultimate 
assets of the scheme.

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
 
• 
Large transactions: Large subscriptions and redemptions may result in the liquidation or dilution of Fund 
assets that may affect the NAV per Fund Share of such Fund. 
• 
Emerging markets: A Fund may invest in securities of governments of, or companies domiciled in, less-
developed or emerging markets. See "Certain considerations associated with Notes linked to emerging 
markets". Custody arrangements in such countries may also present enhanced risk. 
• 
Risks of repos: A Fund may use repurchase agreements. Under a repurchase agreement, a security is sold 
to a buyer and at the same time the seller of the security agrees to buy back the security at a later date at a 
higher net asset value. In the event of a bankruptcy or other default of the transferor of securities in a 
repurchase agreement, a Fund could experience delays in liquidating the underlying securities and losses, 
including possible declines in the value of the collateral during the period while it seeks to enforce its rights 
thereto; possible subnormal levels of income and lack of access to income during this period and the 
expenses of enforcing its rights. In the case of a default by the transferee of securities in a repurchase 
agreement, the management company bears the risk that the transferee may not deliver the securities when 
required. 
• 
Risks of currency speculation: A Fund may engage in exchange rate speculation. Foreign exchange rates 
have been highly volatile in recent years. The combination of volatility and leverage gives rise to the 
possibility of large profit but also carries a high risk of loss. In addition, there is counterparty credit risk 
since foreign exchange trading is done on a principal to principal basis. 
• 
Risks of commodity futures: Commodity futures prices can be highly volatile. As a result of the low margin 
deposits normally required in futures trading, an extremely high degree of leverage is typical of a futures 
trading account. As a result, a relatively small price movement in a futures contract may result in substantial 
losses to the investor. Like other leveraged investments, a futures transaction may result in losses in excess 
of the amount invested. 
• 
Risks of derivative instruments: A Fund may use derivative instruments, such as collateralised debt 
obligations, stripped mortgage-backed securities, options and swaps. There are uncertainties as to how the 
derivatives market will perform during periods of unusual price volatility or instability, market illiquidity 
or credit distress. Substantial risks are also involved in borrowing and lending against such instruments. 
The prices of these instruments are volatile, market movements are difficult to predict and financing 
sources and related interest rates are subject to rapid change. One or more markets may move against the 
positions held by a Fund, thereby causing substantial losses. Most of these instruments are not traded on 
exchanges but rather through an informal network of banks and dealers. These banks and dealers have no 
obligation to make markets in these instruments and may apply essentially discretionary margin and credit 
requirements (and thus, in effect, force a Fund to close out its relevant positions). In addition, such 
instruments carry the additional risk of failure to perform by the counterparty to the transaction. 
Government policies, especially those of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board and non-U.S. central banks, have 
profound effects on interest and exchange rates which, in turn, affect prices of derivative instruments. 
Many other unforeseeable events, including actions by various government agencies and domestic and

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
 
international political events, may cause sharp market fluctuations. 
• 
Risks of short selling: A Fund may sell securities short. Short selling exposes a fund to theoretically 
unlimited risk due to the lack of an upper limit on the price to which a security may rise. Short selling 
involves the sale of borrowed stock. If a stock loan is called, the short seller may be forced to repurchase 
the stock at a loss. In addition, some traders may attempt to profit by forcing short sellers to incur a loss. 
Traders may make large purchases of a stock that has been sold short. The large purchases are intended to 
drive up the stock price, and cause the short sellers to incur losses. By doing this, the traders hope the short 
sellers will limit their losses by repurchasing the stock and force the stock price even higher. 
• 
Risks of arbitrage: The use of arbitrage strategies by a Fund in no respect should be taken to imply that 
such strategies are without risk. Substantial losses may be incurred on ‘‘hedge’’ or ‘‘arbitrage’’ positions, 
and illiquidity and default on one side of a position may effectively result in the position being transformed 
into an outright speculation. Every arbitrage strategy involves exposure to some second order risk of the 
market, such as the implied volatility in convertible bonds or warrants, the yield spread between similar 
term government bonds or the net asset value spread between different classes of stock for the same 
underlying firm. Further, there are few examples of ‘‘pure’’ arbitrage funds. Most Funds also employ 
limited directional strategies which expose them to market risk. 
• 
Credit risk: Many of the markets in which a fund effects its transactions are ‘‘over-the-counter’’ or "inter-
dealer" markets. The participants in these markets are typically not subject to credit evaluation and 
regulatory oversight as are members of ‘‘exchange based’’ markets. To the extent that a Fund invests in 
swaps, derivatives or synthetic instruments, or other over-the-counter transactions in these markets, such 
Fund may take a credit risk with regard to parties with which it trades and also may bear the risk of 
settlement default. These risks may differ materially from those involved in exchange-traded transactions, 
which generally are characterised by clearing organisation guarantees, daily marking-to-market and 
settlement, and segregation and minimum capital requirements applicable to intermediaries. Transactions 
entered into directly between two counterparties generally do not benefit from these protections, which in 
turn may subject a Fund to the risk that a counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its 
terms and conditions because of a dispute over the terms of the contract or because of a credit or liquidity 
problem. Such "counterparty risk" is increased for contracts with longer maturities when events may 
intervene to prevent settlement. The ability of a Fund to transact business with any one or any number of 
counterparties, the lack of any independent evaluation of the counterparties or their financial capabilities, 
and the absence of a regulated market to facilitate settlement, may increase the potential for losses. 
• 
Risks relating to controlling stakes: A Fund may take controlling stakes in companies. The exercise of 
control over a company imposes additional risks of liability for environmental damage, product defects, 
failure to supervise and other types of related liability. 
As the shares of certain funds may only be redeemable on certain dates, there is a risk of delays or defaults in 
payment

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
 
The shares of a Fund may only be redeemable on certain redemption dates, subject to the prescribed notice period 
in respect of such Fund. This gives rise to a time delay between the execution of an order for redemption and 
payment of the proceeds on such redemption. If the Fund becomes insolvent following the date on which a 
redemption order would have to be notionally placed or the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Fund 
would fail to pay to any shareholder in cash the full redemption proceeds owing to them if they redeemed their 
shares on the relevant date, an adjustment may be made by the Calculation Agent when calculating the return on 
the Notes to the NAV per Fund Share of the relevant Fund, thereby reducing the return on the Notes. 
The market price of Fund Linked Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the maturity 
date and the volatility of the price of fund share(s) or unit(s). The price of fund share(s) or unit(s) may be affected 
by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any units in the fund or funds may be traded. 
For all the above reasons, investing directly or indirectly in Funds is generally considered to be risky. If the 
underlying Fund does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Security will fall, and may in certain 
circumstances be zero. 
Certain considerations associated with Notes linked to emerging markets 
Each Issuer may issue Notes where the amount payable on settlement or the interest payable is linked to 
Underlying References which consist of (i) securities, funds or indices comprising securities of issuers that are 
located in, or subject to regulation in, emerging or developing countries, or (ii) securities which are denominated 
in the currency of, or are traded in, emerging or developing countries or (iii) currencies of emerging or developing 
countries. Prospective investors should note that additional risks may be associated with investment in such Notes, 
including risks associated with political and economic uncertainty, adverse governmental policies, restrictions on 
foreign investment and currency convertibility, currency exchange rate fluctuations, possible lower levels of 
disclosure and regulation, and uncertainties as to the status, interpretation and application of laws including, but 
not limited to, those relating to expropriation, nationalisation and confiscation. Notes traded in emerging or 
developing countries tend to be less liquid and the prices of such securities more volatile. In addition, settlement 
of trades in some such markets may be slower and more subject to failure than in markets in developed countries. 
Increased custodian costs as well as administrative difficulties (such as the applicability of the laws of the 
jurisdictions of emerging or developing countries to custodians in such jurisdictions in various circumstances, 
including bankruptcy, ability to recover lost assets, expropriation, nationalisation and record access) may also 
arise from the maintenance of assets in such emerging or developing countries. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should also be aware that the probability of the occurrence of a Hedging 
Disruption Event (or other Adjustment Event under the relevant legal terms as set out further in the Base 
Conditions) and consequently loss of investment or profit by an investor may be higher for certain developing or 
emerging markets. Prospective investors are expected to conduct their own enquiries and be satisfied that there 
are additional risks associated with investments linked to the performance of underlying assets located in these 
markets.

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
 
Exchange control risks 
Potential investors should be aware that there is the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Settlement 
Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms and/or the currency in which the Underlying Reference is 
denominated, such as government and monetary authorities, may impose or modify (as some have done in the 
past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or transfer of funds in and out of 
the country. It is impossible to predict whether the value of one such currency relative to another will rise or fall 
during the term of the Notes.  
(F) 
ADDITIONAL FACTORS RELATING TO DISRUPTION AND ADJUSTMENTS 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, or any Optional Additional Disruption Event specified in the applicable 
Final Terms occurs (other than in respect of a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity), the Notes may be subject to 
adjustment (including, in the case of Share Linked Notes linked to a Basket of Shares, adjustments to the Basket 
of Shares), early settlement or the amount payable on scheduled settlement may be different from the amount 
expected to be paid at scheduled settlement.  
The Additional Disruption Events relate to changes in law (including changes in tax or regulatory capital 
requirements) and hedging disruptions in respect of any hedging transactions relating to the Notes (both as more 
fully set out in the Conditions). 
If a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity occurs: 
(A) 
subject as provided in the Conditions, any Relevant Assets which are not Affected Relevant Assets, will 
be delivered on the originally designated Maturity Date; and 
(B) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement, the Issuer may elect in its sole 
discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Security, by payment to the relevant 
Noteholders of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price on the fifth Business Day following the date that 
notice of such election is given to the Noteholders in accordance with the relevant Conditions. Payment of 
the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders. 
Consequently the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event 
may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the Notes. 
Market Disruption Events or failure to open of an exchange 
If an issue of Notes includes provisions dealing with the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event or failure to 
open of an exchange on a date for valuation of an Underlying Reference and the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Market Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange has occurred or exists on such valuation date, 
any consequential postponement of the valuation date, or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in any 
Notes may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Notes.

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
 
The occurrence of such a Market Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange in relation to any Underlying 
Reference comprising a basket may also have such an adverse effect on Notes related to such basket. In addition, 
any such consequential postponement may result in the postponement of the relevant Maturity Date. 
Adjustment events relating to Index Linked Notes 
In the case of Index Linked Notes, if a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor in 
respect of the Index but is calculated and announced by a successor sponsor or successor entity, as the case may 
be, acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of that Index, then, in each case, that index will be deemed to be the Index.  
The occurrence of an Index Modification, an Index Cancellation or an Index Disruption (each being an "Index 
Adjustment Event") may lead to (i) changes in the calculation of the relevant value or price (if the Calculation 
Agent determines such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Notes), (ii) early settlement of the 
Notes or (iii) the amount payable on scheduled settlement of the Notes being different from the amount expected 
to be paid at scheduled settlement. 
Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Notes. 
Potential Adjustment Events relating to Share Linked Notes 
In the case of Share Linked Notes, following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the 
case may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will make the corresponding adjustment, if 
any, to any terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments 
will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative 
to the relevant Share). Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Share 
Linked Notes. 
Extraordinary Events relating to Share Linked Notes 
In the case of Share Linked Notes the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event (as defined in the Share Linked Notes 
Conditions) in relation to a Share, may lead to:  
(A) 
adjustments to any of the terms of the Notes (including, in the case of Share Linked Notes linked to a 
Basket of Shares, adjustments to and/or substitution of constituent shares of the Basket of Shares); 
(B) 
early settlement in whole or, in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, in part or the 
amount payable on scheduled settlement being different from the amount expected to be paid at scheduled 
settlement;

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
 
(C) 
the Calculation Agent making an adjustment to any terms of the Notes which corresponds to any 
adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on such exchanges(s) or quotation 
system(s)) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall select (the "Option Exchange") or, if options on the 
Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent making such adjustment, if any, to 
any terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options 
Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event that in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded. 
Following such settlement, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the relevant proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the effective return on the relevant Notes being settlement and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate, and potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. Consequently the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event in relation to a Share may have an 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the Notes. 
Potential Adjustment Events relating to ETI Linked Notes 
In the case of ETI Linked Notes, following the declaration by the relevant exchange traded instruments or any 
person appointed to provide services directly or indirectly in respect of such exchange traded instrument, as the 
case may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETI Interests and, if so, will make the corresponding 
adjustment, if any, to any terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no 
adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or 
liquidity relative to the relevant ETI Interest).  
Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Notes. 
Extraordinary Events relating to ETI Linked Notes 
In the case of ETI Linked Notes if certain events ("Extraordinary ETI Events") including events relating to 
Global Events, Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events, Change in Related Parties/Key Persons Events, 
Modification Events, Net Asset Value/Investment/AUM Level Events, Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events, 
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events and Miscellaneous Events in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) occur, the relevant Issuer may acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner adjust the terms of the Notes to reflect such event, substitute 
the relevant ETI Interests or redeem the Notes. 
Consequently the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of the Notes.

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
 
The Issuer will exercise its rights under the ETI Linked Notes Conditions, including in particular the action it 
takes on the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, acting in good faith. Subject to all regulatory obligations, 
none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) or the Calculation Agent owes any duty or responsibility to any of the 
holders of the ETI Linked Notes. The exercise of such rights in such manner may result in an increased loss in 
performance of the ETI Linked Notes than if the Issuer had taken different action. 
Market Disruption Events relating to Commodity Linked Notes 
If a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing on a date for valuation then: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent will determine if such event has a material effect on the Notes and, if so, will 
calculate the relevant Interest Amount and/or Final Redemption Amount and/or make another relevant 
calculation using, in lieu of a published price or level for the relevant Commodity or Commodity Index, 
the Commodity Fallback Value; 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent may substitute the relevant affected Commodity or Index Component with a 
Commodity or Index Component selected by it in accordance with the criteria set out in the Commodity 
Linked Note Conditions and will make such adjustment, if any, to any terms of the Notes as the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate; or  
(C) 
the Issuer will redeem the Notes. 
Consequently the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event in relation to a Commodity, Commodity Index or 
Index Component may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the Notes. 
Adjustment Events relating to Commodity Index Linked Notes 
In the case of a Notes linked to a Commodity Index, if a relevant Commodity Index is (i) not calculated and 
announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the Commodity Index but is calculated and announced by a 
successor sponsor or successor entity, as the case may be, acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by 
a successor Commodity Index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Commodity Index, then, in each 
case, that Commodity Index will be deemed to be the Commodity Index. The occurrence of a Commodity Index 
Modification, Commodity Index Cancellation or Commodity Index Disruption (each being a "Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event") may lead to: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent determining the Relevant Price using, in lieu of a published level, the Commodity 
Fallback Value (if the Calculation Agent determines such Commodity Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Notes); or 
(B) 
early settlement of the Notes. 
Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Notes.

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
 
Other events relating to Fund Linked Notes 
In the case of Fund Linked Notes, if certain events ("Extraordinary Fund Events") including events relating to 
Global Events, Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events, Fund Service Provider/Key Person Events, Modification 
Events, NAV per Fund Share/AUM Level Events, Reporting Events, Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events, 
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events, Dealing Events and Miscellaneous Events in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) occur, the Issuer may, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, adjust the terms of the Notes to reflect such event, 
substitute the relevant Fund Shares or redeem the Notes. 
Consequently the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of the Notes. 
In addition, in the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the underlying Fund Shares are not received by 
the Hedge Provider on or prior to the scheduled date for settlement, the relevant maturity date may be postponed 
for a period of up to two calendar years (or such other period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and no additional amount shall be payable as a result of such delay. 
The Issuer will exercise its rights under the Fund Linked Notes Conditions, including in particular the action it 
takes on the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, acting in good faith. Subject to all regulatory obligations, 
none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) or the Calculation Agent owes any duty or responsibility to any of the 
Noteholders of the Fund Linked Notes. The exercise of such rights in such manner may result in an increased loss 
in performance of the Fund Linked Notes than if the Issuer had taken different action. 
Settlement Disruption Events 
In the case of Physical Delivery Notes, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on the Delivery Date, 
settlement will be postponed until the next Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no Settlement 
Disruption Event. The relevant Issuer in these circumstances also has the right to pay the Settlement Disruption 
Amount in lieu of delivering the Entitlement. As further described below, the Settlement Disruption Amount may 
be less than the fair market value of the Entitlement. 
The occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event may lead to postponement or payment in an alternative 
currency 
If "FX Settlement Disruption" applies to the Notes, and the Calculation Agent determines on the second Business 
Day prior to the relevant due date for payment (the "FX Disrupted Payment Date") that a FX Settlement 
Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing, investors should be aware that payments under the relevant 
Notes may (i) occur at a different time than expected and that no additional interest amount will be payable in 
respect of any delay in payment of any amount under the relevant Notes and (ii) be made in USD (the "FX 
Settlement Disruption Currency"). In certain circumstances, the rate of exchange used to convert the Specified 
Currency and/or Settlement Currency into the FX Settlement Disruption Currency, may not be the market rate of

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
 
exchange for such currencies, and in some cases, may be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Option to vary Settlement 
If so indicated in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, elect to vary the settlement of the Notes, by (i) in the case of 
cash settled notes, delivering or procuring delivery of the Entitlement instead of making payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount to the relevant Noteholders or (ii) in the case of physical delivery notes, making payment of 
the Final Redemption Amount to the relevant Noteholders instead of delivering or procuring delivery of the 
Entitlement.  
Option to Substitute Assets or to Pay the Alternate Cash Amount 
The Issuer may if the Calculation Agent determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) that the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprise assets which are not freely 
tradable, elect either (i) to substitute a Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, for the Relevant 
Asset or Relevant Assets or (ii) not to deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement or the Substitute Asset or 
Substitute Assets, as the case may be, to the relevant holders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to the relevant 
holders on the Maturity Date of the Alternate Cash Amount. 
(G) 
NOTES SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION AT THE OPTION OF THE ISSUER, OTHER EARLY REDEMPTION (INCLUDING 
AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION ) AND CONSEQUENCES OF EARLY REDEMPTION 
An optional, other early redemption feature (including an Automatic Early Redemption feature) is likely to limit 
the market value of the Notes. In the case of Notes having an optional redemption feature, during any period when 
the relevant Issuer may elect to settle the relevant Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be settled. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
In addition, the Final Terms may provide that the relevant Notes shall be settled early in specified circumstances, 
such as the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, an Optional Additional Disruption Event and/or an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event. Following an optional or early redemption (including an Automatic Early 
Redemption), a Noteholder generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds (if any) at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the relevant Notes being settled, and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. As a consequence the Noteholder may lose some or all of their investment. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. In addition, in the 
case of Notes with an Automatic Early Redemption feature, the value of the Notes and the amount that Noteholders 
receive upon an Automatic Early Redemption may not correlate with the value of the Underlying Reference, 
which may trigger such Automatic Early Redemption. 
(H) 
INTEREST AMOUNTS 
Application of multipliers in respect of the determination of the Interest Rate

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
 
To the extent that Rate Multiplier or Reference Rate Multiplier applies in respect of the determination of the 
Interest Rate for Notes which pay interest at a floating rate, investors should be aware that any fluctuation of the 
underlying floating rate will be amplified by such multiplier. Where the Rate Multiplier or Reference Rate 
Multiplier is less than 1, this may adversely affect the return on the Notes which pay interest at a floating rate. 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rate 
Potential investors should also consider that where the underlying interest rate does not rise above the level of the 
Minimum Interest Rate, comparable investments in notes which pay interest based on a fixed rate which is higher 
than the Minimum Interest Rate are likely to be more attractive to potential investors than an investment in the 
Notes. Under those conditions, investors in the Notes might find it difficult to sell their Notes on the secondary 
market (if any) or might only be able to realise the Notes at a price which may be substantially lower than the 
notional amount. To the extent a Maximum Interest Rate applies, investors should be aware that the Interest Rate 
is capped at such Maximum Interest Rate level. Consequently, investors may not participate in any increase of 
market interest rates, which may also negatively affect the market value of the Notes. 
Interest Barrier Event 
Potential investors should also consider that where the Notes provide for the application of a Interest Barrier 
Event, upon the occurrence of such event the Notes will cease to bear interest. In such cases, investors will receive 
the Interest Amount on the immediately following Interest Payment Date and, thereafter, there will be no further 
Interest Payment Dates and no further Interest Amount will be payable. In the event that the relevant Final Terms 
specify that the Interest Barrier Event is applicable and "No Interest for Interest Period" is applicable and a Interest 
Barrier Event occurs, no Interest Amount will be payable on the next following Interest Payment Date. 
Interest linked to an Underlying Reference 
Interest payable on Linked Interest Notes may be determined by reference to an Underlying Reference or 
combinations of a number of different Underlying References. Potential investors should be aware that: 
(A) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(B) 
they may receive no interest; 
(C) 
payment of interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(D) 
an Underlying Reference may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(E) 
if an Underlying Reference is applied to Notes in conjunction with a weighting greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Underlying Reference on interest payable will be 
magnified;

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
 
(F) 
the timing of changes in an Underlying Reference may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations (in general, the earlier the change in the Underlying 
Reference, the greater the effect on yield); and 
(G) 
interest may only be payable and/or calculated in respect of certain specified days and/or periods on or 
during which the Underlying Reference or its value equals, exceeds and/or is less than certain specified 
thresholds. 
(I) 
NOTES ISSUED WITH A SPECIFIC USE OF PROCEEDS AND GREEN, SOCIAL AND SUSTAINABILITY BONDS MAY 
NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS SEEKING EXPOSURE TO GREEN ASSETS OR SOCIAL 
ASSETS OR SUSTAINABLE ASSETS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of the 
relevant Issuer. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of the proceeds, this will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms, including in case an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue 
of each Tranche of Notes will be used for the purposes of projects that promote climate-friendly and other 
environmental purposes and/or that promote access to labour market and accomplishment of general interest 
initiatives and/or to finance or refinance a combination of both green and social projects (typically known as 
“sustainability bonds”). Where it does so, the relevant Final Terms may describe the Notes as “green bonds” 
(“Green Bonds”), “social bonds” (“Social Bonds”) or “sustainability bonds” (“Sustainability Bonds”), in each 
case issued in accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) 
(respectively, the “Green Bond Principles” or “GBP”, the “Social Bond Principles” or “SBP”) and the 
“Sustainability Bond Guidelines” or “SBG”) and/or as further specified in the “Mediobanca Green and 
Sustainable 
Bond 
Framework” 
published 
in 
the 
Mediobanca’s 
website 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/green-social-and-sustainability-bond-
framework.html. 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information in those Final Terms regarding such 
use of proceeds and must: 
(i) 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such 
Notes; 
(ii) 
assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own circumstances; and 
(iii) 
make any other investigation they deem necessary. 
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuers or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for the funding of 
any green, social or sustainability project, as the case may be, will satisfy, either in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws, articles of association or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates.

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
 
In addition, it should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a 
particular project to be defined as, a “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or equivalently labelled project is still 
under development. As a result, there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “sustainability”, “social” or an equivalently-labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, 
“sustainability”, “social” or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition 
or consensus will develop over time. A basis for the determination of the definitions of, inter alia, “green” has 
been established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). On 21 April 2021, the European Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act, introducing the first set of technical screening criteria to define which activities contribute 
substantially to two of the environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy: climate change 
adaptation and climate change mitigation (the “Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act”). The Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act applies since 1 January 2022. In addition, on 9 March 2022 the European Commission adopted the 
EU Taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated Act covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which is 
expected to apply from 1 January 2023. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022, the European Commission adopted the 
Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the “Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation”) which is expected to apply from 1 January 2023. Any further delegated act that is adopted by the 
European Commission in implementation of the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable 
Finance Disclosure Regulation may furthermore evolve over time with changes to the scope of activities and other 
amendments to reflect technological progress, resulting in regular review to the relating screening criteria. 
Furthermore, in connection with any Notes that are stated to be Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds, it should be noted that the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting 
firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant green, low carbon, social and/or sustainable 
projects, as the case may be, have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, 
social and sustainable projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or a second-party opinion regarding 
the suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection with certain environmental, sustainability or social 
projects (any such second-party opinion, a “Second-party Opinion”). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount 
corresponding to the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds. 
A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green Bonds or 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as of the date it is released. In addition, a 
withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds and 
Sustainability Bonds and/or have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or 
social or sustainable assets. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion, report or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report 
or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports 
and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
 
In the event that any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainability”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuers, 
the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for 
any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor 
is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuers, the Dealers or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Social Bonds, Green Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that any 
related green, low carbon, social or sustainable projects, as the case may be, will be capable of being implemented 
in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule, and, accordingly, neither can 
it be guaranteed that the proceeds of the Social Bonds, Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or 
partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such green, low carbon, social or 
sustainable projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Notes for any green, social or sustainable 
projects will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuers; (ii) constitute an Event of Default 
under the relevant Notes; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuers to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for 
the Issuers in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes; (iv) 
affect the qualification of such Notes as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello, Tier II Capital or as 
eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable); (v) have any impact on the status of the Notes as indicated in 
Condition 2 (Status of Notes and Guarantee) of the Base Terms and Conditions of the Notes or (vi) prevent the 
applicability of the Bail-in Power. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its 
capital and other assets and payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any 
preferred right against such assets. 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as any other Bonds, will be fully subject to the application 
of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, 
proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities 
should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or 
such other equivalent label.

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
 
Any failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Notes for any green, social or sustainable projects may have 
a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for, amongst others, 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
(J) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk that may be relevant in connection with an investment in Notes: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt notes. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes. 
The Issuer has no obligation to purchase the Notes from the Noteholders. However, should the Issuer decide to 
purchase the Notes, the secondary market pricing that the Issuer may provide on the Notes may reflect the 
unwinding cost of the hedging portfolio (if any) and/or the loss of profit (lucro cessante) related to such hedging 
portfolio. 
Specific Buy Back Provisions 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions is specified as being applicable to the Notes in the relevant Final Terms, investors 
should be aware that Mediobanca, Mediobanca International and/or MBFL, have issued the Notes also for the 
purpose of entering into, from time to time, in certain Underlying Transactions. In this respect, the value of the 
Notes shall reflect and shall be calculated on the basis of the Market Value of such Underlying Transactions. The 
composition of the Underlying Transaction will be made available to the investors in accordance with the method 
of publication indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by the relevant Issuer in its reasonable discretion 
with maturities and notional that can be larger, respectively, than the Maturity Date and Notional Amount of the 
relevant Notes, and the relevant composition is subject to change during the life of the Notes. Any changes in the 
composition of the Underlying Transactions (including any possible funding arrangement and/or coupon swap) 
could adversely affect the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions and, therefore, the value of the Notes. 
The Market Value of the Underlying Transactions, as determined by the relevant Issuer, acting in its capacity as 
Calculation Agent, in a fair and commercially reasonable manner and with reference to the market, could 
adversely affect the repurchase price, if any, of the Notes. Therefore in the event that an investor requests the

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
 
Issuer to repurchase the Notes hold by it prior to their maturity, and the Issuer accepts such repurchase, the price 
of the Notes (Buy Back Price) will be a price that reflects the Market Value of such Underlying Transactions. 
The Specific Buy Back Provisions shall not affect the right of the investors to receive timely payments of principal 
and interest and performance of any non-cash delivery obligations on the Notes. As consideration of the Issuer 
entering into the Underlying Transactions in relation to the Notes, the Issuer will pay an Extra Yield on the Notes. 
The Specific Buy Back Provisions shall apply only to Notes issued by the relevant Issuer, where Mediobanca 
and/or Mediobanca International act as Dealers and where the Notional Amount of the Notes is equal to, at least, 
Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent amount if issued in a different currency). 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest, if any, on the Notes in the Relevant Currency or, if Dual Currency Notes 
are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer will pay principal and/or interest on the Notes in a 
currency different to the Relevant Currency (the "Payment Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency 
unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Relevant Currency and/or, as applicable, the Payment Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Relevant Currency and/or, as applicable, the Payment Currency, or revaluation of the Investor's Currency or due 
to the official redenomination of the Relevant Currency and/or, as applicable, the Payment Currency and/or 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over Relevant Currency and/or the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Relevant Currency and/or, as applicable, the Payment Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. Government and monetary 
authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest, principal or other amount than expected, or no 
interest or principal or other amount. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold notes and may 
be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Each prospective investor

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
 
should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Certain specific information may not be known at the beginning of an offer period 
The relevant Final Terms may provide that certain specific information relating to the Notes (such as certain 
amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable) used to determine or calculate amounts payable 
or assets deliverable in respect of the Notes) may not be fixed or determined until the end of the offer period. In 
such case, the Final Terms will specify in place of the relevant amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values 
(as applicable), an indicative range of amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable).  
The actual amount, level, percentage, price, rate or value, applicable to the Notes will be determined by the Issuer 
from within the range and will be made public prior to the Issue Date. The actual rate, level or percentage, as 
applicable, will be determined in accordance with market conditions by the Issuer in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.  
Prospective investors will be required to make their investment decision based on the indicative range rather than 
the actual amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable), which will only be fixed after the 
investment decision is made but will apply to the Notes once issued.  
Where an indicative range is specified in the Final Terms in respect of amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates 
or values (as applicable), prospective investors should, assume that the actual amounts, levels, percentages, prices, 
rates or values (as applicable) fixed or determined at the end of the offer period may have a negative impact on 
the amounts payable or assets deliverable in respect of the Notes and consequently, have an adverse impact on the 
return on the Notes (when compared with other amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable) 
within any indicative range). Prospective investors should therefore make their decision to invest in the Notes on 
that basis.  
Potential conflicts of interest relating to distributors or other entities involved in the offer or listing of the Notes 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the Notes, as any distributors or other entities involved 
in the offer and/or the listing of the Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, will act pursuant to a mandate 
granted by the Issuer and can receive commissions and/or fees on the basis of the services performed in relation 
to such offer and/or listing. 
Impact of implicit fees on the Issue/Offer Price 
Investors should note that implicit fees (e.g. placement fees, direction fees, structuring fees) may be a component 
of the Issue/Offer Price of Notes, but such fees will not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the 
price of the relevant Notes in the secondary market. 
The Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the type and amount of any implicit fees which are applicable 
from time to time.

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
 
Investors should also take into consideration that if Notes are sold on the secondary market immediately following 
the offer period relating to such Notes, the implicit fees included in the Issue/Offer Price on initial subscription 
for such Notes will be deducted from the price at which such Notes may be sold in the secondary market. 
Certain considerations associated with public offers of Notes 
If Notes are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Issuer and/or other entities specified in the Final Terms may have the right to withdraw or 
revoke the offer, which in such circumstances will be deemed to be null and void according to the terms indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer and/or 
other entities specified in the Final Terms may also terminate the offer early by immediate suspension of the 
acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving notice to the public in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms. Any such termination may occur even where the maximum amount for subscription in relation to 
that offer (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), has not been reached.  
In such circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have an impact on the aggregate number of Notes issued 
and, therefore, may have an adverse effect on the liquidity of the Notes. Furthermore, in such circumstances, 
investors who have already paid or delivered subscription monies for the relevant Notes will be entitled to 
reimbursement of such amounts, but will not receive any interest that may have accrued in the period between 
their payment or delivery of subscription monies and the reimbursement of the Notes. In addition, under certain 
circumstances, the relevant Issuer and/or other entities specified in the Final Terms will have the right to extend 
the offer period and/or to postpone the originally designated issue date, and related payment dates. 
The relevant Final Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of the offer of Notes is conditional upon 
admission to trading on the relevant multilateral trading facility indicated in the relevant Final Terms, occurring 
by the Issue Date. In such case, in the event that admission to trading of the Notes does not take place by the Issue 
Date for whatever reason, the Issuer may withdraw the offer, the offer will be deemed to be null and void and the 
relevant Notes will not be issued. As a consequence, the potential investor will not receive any Notes, any 
subscription rights the potential investor has for the Notes will be cancelled and they will not be entitled to any 
compensation therefor. 
The issue price and/or offer price of the Notes may include subscription fees, placement fees, direction fees, 
structuring fees and/or other additional costs. Any such fees and/or costs may not be taken into account for the 
purposes of determining the price of such Notes on the secondary market and could result in a difference between 
the original issue price and/or offer price, the theoretical value of the Notes, and/or the actual bid/offer price 
quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. Any such difference may have an adverse effect on the value 
of the Notes, where any such fees and/or costs may be deducted from the price at which such Notes can be sold 
by the initial investor in the secondary market. 
Listing of Notes

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
 
In respect of Notes which are (in accordance with the applicable Final Terms) to be listed on a stock exchange, 
market or quotation system, the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to maintain such listing, provided that 
if it becomes impracticable or unduly burdensome or unduly onerous to maintain such listing, then the Issuer may 
apply to de-list the relevant Notes, although in this case it will use all reasonable endeavours to obtain and maintain 
(as soon as reasonably practicable after the relevant de-listing) an alternative admission to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by a stock exchange, market or quotation system within or outside the European Union, as it may decide. 
If such an alternative admission is not available or is, in the opinion of the Issuer, impracticable or unduly 
burdensome, an alternative admission will not be obtained and the liquidity of the secondary market of the Notes 
could be affected. 
Risk related to inflation 
The repayment of the nominal amount of the Notes at maturity does not protect investors from the risk of inflation, 
i.e. it does not guarantee that the purchasing power of the invested capital will not be affected by the increase in 
the general price level of consumer products. Consequently, the real return of the Notes, which is the adjusted 
return taking into account the inflation rate measured during the life of the Notes themselves, could be negative. 
Combination or “layering” of multiple risk factors may significantly increase risk of loss 
Although the various risks discussed in this Base Prospectus are generally described separately, prospective 
investors in the Notes should consider the potential effects of the interplay of multiple risk factors. Where more 
than one significant risk factor is present, the risk of loss to an investor may be significantly increased. There are 
many other circumstances in which layering of multiple risks with respect to the Issuers and /or the Guarantor 
and/or the Notes may magnify the effect of those risks.

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
• 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the year ended on 30 June 2022 and 2021 
of Mediobanca; 
• 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 June 2022 and 
2021 of Mediobanca International; 
• 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 June 2022 and 
2021 of MBFL;   
• 
the unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements as at and for the period ended 31 December 
2022 of Mediobanca; 
• 
the unaudited non-consolidated half-yearly financial statements as at and for the period ended 31 December 
2022 of Mediobanca International; 
in the case of the above-mentioned financial statements, together with the accompanying notes and (where 
applicable) auditors' reports, save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any of the documents 
incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document 
subsequently incorporated by reference by way of supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such statement. Where only certain sections of a document referred 
to above are incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus, the parts of the document which are not 
incorporated by reference are either not relevant for prospective investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuers will provide, without charge to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been 
delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy (by electronic means, unless such person requests hard copy) 
of any or all the documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein unless such documents have been 
modified or superseded as specified above, in which case the modified or superseded version of such document 
will be provided. Request for such documents should be directed to the Issuers at their offices set out at the end 
of this Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available, without charge, at the principal office of 
the Paying Agent in Luxembourg and on the Mediobanca's website at the following link 
(https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/results-presentations/results.html) and on the Mediobanca 
International's website (https://www.mediobancaint.lu/en/investor-documentation.html) ) and at the following 
link https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-issued/documents/framework-documentation.html. 
The following table shows where some of the information incorporated by reference can be found in the above-
mentioned documents. Information contained in those documents other than the information listed below does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
 
Cross-reference list in respect of the Mediobanca, Mediobanca International and MBFL financial statements 
Mediobanca - Consolidated annual financial statements 
 
2022 
2021 
Balance sheet 
 
Pages 98-99 
Pages 94-95 
Statement of income 
Pages 100-101 
Pages 96-97 
Statement of changes in equity 
 
Pages 102-103 
Pages 98-99  
Cash flow Statement  
 
Pages 104-105 
Pages 100-101 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes 
Pages 107-387 
Pages 103-371 
Auditors’ reports  
Pages 84-96 
Pages 80-91 
 
Mediobanca International - Non-Consolidated annual financial statements 
 
2022 
2021 
Statement of financial position 
 
Pages 38-39 
Pages 36-37 
Statement of comprehensive income 
 
Page 40 
Page 38 
Statement of changes in equity 
 
Pages 41-42 
Pages 39-40 
Cash flow statement 
 
Page 43 
Page 41 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes  
Pages 44-161 
Pages 43-150 
Auditors’ reports  
Pages 32-36 
Pages 29-34 
 
MBFL - Non-Consolidated annual financial statements 
 
2022 
2021 
Independent Auditor’s reports 
Pages 2-4 
Pages 2-4 
Balance sheet 
Pages 5-9 
Pages 5-9 
Profit and loss account 
 
Pages 10-11 
Pages 10-11 
Notes to the annual account 
Pages 12-19 
Pages 12-18 
 
Mediobanca - Consolidated half-yearly financial statements 
 
2022 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
 
Pages 73-74 
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account  
Page 75 
Consolidated Comprehensive Profit and Loss Account 
Page 76 
Statement of changes in Consolidated Net Equity 
Pages 77-78 
Consolidated Cash flow Statement Direct Method 
Page 79 
Reconciliation of Movements in Cash Flow during the 
Period 
Page 80 
Notes to the accounts 
Pages 81-309

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
 
Mediobanca International – Non-Consolidated half-yearly financial statements 
 
2022 
Statement of financial position 
 
Pages 22-23 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Page 24 
Statement of changes in equity 
Pages 25-26 
Cash flow statement 
Pages 27 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes 
Page 29-48 
Notes to the accounts 
Pages 28-85

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES 
The Issuers will update this Base Prospectus by preparing a replacement prospectus, setting out the changes in the 
operations and financial conditions of the Issuers, at least every year after the date of this Base Prospectus and 
each subsequent Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers have given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes, they shall prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and 
shall supply to each Dealer a number of copies of such supplement as a Dealer may reasonably request. 
In addition, the Issuers and the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer to issue Notes in a form not contemplated 
in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Form of Final Terms". To the extent that the information relating 
to that Tranche of Notes constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a "Drawdown Prospectus") will be made available 
and will contain such information. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document 
containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor and the 
relevant Notes or (2) pursuant to Article 6.3 of the Prospectus Regulation, by a registration document containing 
the necessary information relating to the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor, a securities note 
containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note. In the case 
of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, references in this Base Prospectus to 
information specified or identified in the Final Terms shall (unless the context requires otherwise) be read and 
construed as information specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITY AND COLLATERAL ASSETS 
Notes may be either Secured Notes or Unsecured Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes 
are Secured Notes, MBFL will grant to the Security Trustee the following security to secure its obligations under 
the Secured Notes and any Charged Agreement(s) in each case, save to the extent the relevant asset or right is 
charged under an Additional Charging Document: 
(i) 
a first fixed charge and a first ranking assignment by way of security of all of the MBFL’s rights, title 
and/or interests (the Issuer's Rights) in, to and under the Collateral Assets; and  
(ii) 
a first ranking assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer's Rights under each Charged Agreement 
and each Additional Charged Agreement in respect of such Notes.  
The Initial Collateral Assets and the Eligible Collateral (where applicable) will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and may comprise any of loans, cash, debt securities listed on a regulated market, equity securities listed 
on a regulated market and/or shares, units or other interests in a UCITS fund, or other assets.  
Where the Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final Terms, the Charged 
Agreement(s) in respect of each Series of Secured Notes will be a swap agreement, repurchase agreement or sale 
and purchase agreement entered into between MBFL and the Counterparty and, if applicable, a Credit Support 
Document, each as described below. The purpose of the swap agreement, repurchase agreement or sale and 
purchase agreement (referred to as the Transfer Agreement) may be to allow MBFL to perform its scheduled 
obligations under the Secured Notes, all as described more fully in the applicable Final Terms. If so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms MBFL and the Counterparty may enter into a Credit Support Document under which 
MBFL and/or the Counterparty will collateralise its obligations in respect of the Transfer Agreement. In respect 
of certain Series of Secured Notes MBFL and the Counterparty may each appoint one or more agents to perform 
certain custodial and administrative functions relating to their obligations under the Transfer Agreement or the 
Credit Support Document, or the Collateral Assets as applicable. If applicable an Additional Charged Agreement 
may be specified in the Final Terms.  
Adjustment of Collateral Assets  
The terms of the Secured Notes may provide that the Collateral Assets may be adjusted in accordance with the 
terms of Secured Notes Condition 5 (Adjustment of Collateral Assets). Such adjustment will be as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and may be in whole or in part and may be for cash or other assets. Such adjustment may 
involve MBFL topping up, removing, maintaining and/or substituting Collateral Assets and this may diminish or 
have an adverse effect on the value of the Collateral Assets in some circumstances.  
In respect of certain Series of Secured Notes MBFL may appoint one or more agents to perform certain custodial 
and administrative functions relating to the Collateral Assets.  
The Collateral Assets in respect of the Secured Notes will comprise one or more of the following assets:

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
 
Loans  
Loan(s) to one or more borrowers.  
Cash  
Cash in a stipulated currency and amount.  
Debt securities  
Debt securities listed on a regulated market.  
Equity securities  
Equity securities listed on a regulated market.  
Shares, units or interests in a UCITS Fund  
Shares, units or interests in a UCITS Fund.

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Temporary or Permanent Global Note 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either 
a temporary global note (a "Temporary Global Note"), without Coupons, or a permanent global note (a 
"Permanent Global Note"), without Coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each 
Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not 
intended to be issued in a new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream Luxembourg" or "CBL") and/or any other relevant clearing system and/or deposited directly with 
Euronext Securities Milan (“Euronext Securities Milan”, the commercial name of Monte Titoli S.p.A.) and/or 
any other centralised custodian appointed by the Issuers (together, the "Centralised Custodian") and each Global 
Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, will be (i) deposited on or around the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg, and (ii) the relevant Final Terms will 
indicate that the Global Note is intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Depositing a Global Note with a common safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the relevant Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
"TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are 
applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note without Coupons 
or Receipts (as defined herein), interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note, without Coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of 
the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary 
Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In 
addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the 
bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
 
subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its 
terms against: 
(a) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order 
of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, provided, however, that in no circumstances shall 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global 
Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As an 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances 
described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of a minimum 
denomination of Euro 100,000, plus integral multiples of Euro 1,000, provided that such denominations are not 
less than Euro 100,000 nor more than Euro 199,000. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such 
denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its 
entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Note. However, a Noteholder who holds 
an aggregate principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive Note and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the minimum 
denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons, 
Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, 
without Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons or Receipts, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole 
or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be 
collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be issued in 
denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such 
amounts, whether in global or definitive form. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons, 
Talons and Receipts (as defined herein) attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 
days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note, without Coupons or 
Receipts, interests in which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As an

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances 
described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of a minimum 
denomination of Euro 100,000, plus integral multiples of Euro 1,000, provided that such denominations are not 
less than Euro 100,000 nor more than Euro 199,000. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such 
denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its 
entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Notes. However, a Noteholder who holds 
an aggregate principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive Note and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the minimum 
denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons, 
Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. Where the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the Issuer 
will give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Base Condition 
16 (Notices) of the Base Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
base terms and conditions set out under "Base Terms and Conditions of the Notes" in Part 1 of Chapter 2, as 
completed by any additional Specific Terms and Conditions set out in Chapters 3 to 12 below and the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under " Provisions relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in permanent global form, 
the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following 
effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon, Talon or 
Receipt will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such 
Note, Coupon, Talon or Receipt and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised 
on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income.

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
 
Book-entry form 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of the Notes as being "Book-entry form", then the Notes will not be 
represented by paper certificates and the transfer and exchange of Notes will take place exclusively through an 
electronic book-entry system managed by Euronext Securities Milan (“Euronext Securities Milan”, the 
commercial name of Monte Titoli S.p.A.) or any other Centralised Custodian appointed by the Issuers. 
Accordingly, all Notes shall be deposited by their owners with an intermediary participant in the relevant 
Centralised Custodian. The intermediary will in turn deposit the Notes with the Centralised Custodian. 
To transfer an interest in the Notes, the transferor and the transferee are required to give instructions to their 
respective intermediaries. If the transferee is a client of the transferor's intermediary, the intermediary will simply 
transfer the Notes from the Transferor's account to the account of the transferee. If, however, the transferee is a 
client of another intermediary, the transferor's intermediary will instruct the centralised clearing system to transfer 
the Notes to the account of the transferee's intermediary, which will then register the Notes on the transferee's 
account. 
Each intermediary maintains a custody account for each of its clients. This account sets out the financial 
instruments of each client and the records of all transfers, interest payments, charges or other encumbrances on 
such instruments. The account holder or any other eligible party may submit a request to the intermediary for the 
issue of a certified account statement. 
In such circumstances, it will not be possible for a Noteholder to obtain physical delivery of Notes certificates 
representing the Notes. 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited 
CREST Dematerialised Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of the Notes as being “CREST Dematerialised Notes”, the Notes 
will be issued and held in uncertificated form in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, 
including any modification or re-enactment thereof from time to time (the "Uncertificated Securities 
Regulations"), and as such are dematerialised securities and not constituted by any physical document of title. 
CREST Dematerialised Notes are participating securities for the purposes of the Uncertificated Securities 
Regulations. Title to the CREST Dematerialised Notes is recorded on the relevant operator register of eligible 
debt securities. The Operator is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited. 
The Euroclear Registrar on behalf of the relevant Issuer will maintain a record of uncertificated eligible debt 
securities (the "Record") in relation to the CREST Dematerialised Notes and will procure that the Record is 
regularly updated to reflect the Operator register of eligible debt securities in accordance with the rules of the 
Operator. Subject to this requirement, (i) each person who is for the time being shown in the Record as the holder 
of a particular number of CREST Dematerialised Notes shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Euroclear Registrar and any other person as the holder of such number of CREST Dematerialised Notes for all 
purposes (and the expressions "Holder" and "Holder of Notes" and related expressions in the context of CREST

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
 
Dematerialised Notes shall be construed accordingly), and (ii) none of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Euroclear 
Registrar and any other person shall be liable in respect of any act or thing done or omitted to be done by it or on 
its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that the particulars entered in the Record which the Euroclear Registrar 
maintains are in accordance with particulars entered in the Operator register of eligible debt securities relating to 
the CREST Dematerialised Notes. 
CREST Depository Interests 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes will be accepted for settlement in CREST via the CREST 
Depository Interest mechanism, indirect interests in Notes will be accepted for settlement through CREST. 
Following their delivery into a clearing system, interests in the relevant Notes may be delivered, held and settled 
in CREST by means of the creation of CDIs representing the interests in the relevant Notes. The CDIs will be 
issued by the CREST Depository to CDI Holders and will be governed by English Law. 
The CDIs will represent indirect interests in the interest of the CREST Nominee in the relevant Notes. Pursuant 
to the documents setting out the legal relationship of CREST with its users and participants (the "CREST 
Manual"), Notes held in global form by a common depositary may be settled through CREST and the CREST 
Depository will issue CDIs. The CDIs will be independent securities, constituted under English law, which may 
be held and transferred through CREST. 
Interests in the relevant Notes will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with Euroclear and the CREST 
Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue CDIs to the relevant 
CREST participants. 
Each CDI will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were a relevant Security for the purposes of determining 
all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof. The CREST Depository will pass on to CDI 
Holders any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the relevant Notes on trust for such CDI Holder. 
CDI Holders will also be able to receive from the CREST Depository notices of meetings of Holders of the 
relevant Notes and other relevant notices issued by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable). 
The CDIs will have the same ISIN as the ISIN of the relevant Notes and if listed do not require a separate listing. 
Prospective subscribers for Notes represented by CDIs are referred to Chapter 8 of the CREST International 
Manual (as defined below) which contains the form of the CREST Global Deed Poll (the "CREST Deed Poll") 
to be entered into by the CREST Depository. The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the arrangements 
between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable), 
including the CREST Deed Poll. These rights may be different from those of Holders of Notes which are not 
represented by CDIs. 
CDIs will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST International Settlement Links Service 
(the "CREST International Settlement Links Service"). The settlement of the CDIs by means of the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service has the following consequences for CDI Holders:

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
CDI Holders will not be the legal owners of the relevant Notes. The CDIs are separate legal instruments 
from such Notes and represent an indirect interest in such Notes; 
(b) 
the relevant Notes themselves (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect interests in such Notes) will 
be held in an account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the relevant Notes through a clearing 
system; 
(c) 
rights under the relevant Notes cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly through the 
intermediary depositories and custodians described above; 
(d) 
the CDIs issued to CDI Holders will be constituted and issued pursuant to the CREST Deed Poll. CDI 
Holders will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions of, or prescribed 
pursuant to, the CREST International Manual dated 8 December 2020, as amended, modified, varied or 
supplemented from time to time (the "CREST International Manual") and the CREST Rules dated 15 
January 2021, as amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the "CREST Rules") 
(which, in each case, form part of the CREST Manual) and CDI Holders must comply in full with all 
obligations imposed on them by such provisions; 
(e) 
potential investors should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST International 
Manual and the CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings to be 
given by CDI Holders and limitations on the liability of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and the CREST Depository; 
(f) 
CDI Holders may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, 
representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. The attention of potential 
investors is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST International Manual and the CREST 
Rules, copies of which are available from CREST at 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB or by calling 
+44 (0) 20 7849 0000 or from the CREST website at www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI; 
(g) 
potential investors should note CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to 
the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision of 
services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be 
or become payable in connection with the holding of the CDIs through the CREST International Settlement 
Links Service; 
(h) 
potential investors should note that none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), any Manager, 
any Security Agent or any Registrar will have any responsibility for the performance by any intermediaries 
or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the 
rules and procedures governing their operations.

--- Page 144 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
144 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will include the additional terms and 
conditions contained in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas) in relation to the 
formulas for Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Index Linked Notes) in the case of Index Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 
3 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes) in the case of Share Linked Notes, the additional 
terms and conditions contained in Annex 4 (Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Linked Notes) in the case of 
ETI Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 5 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Debt Linked Notes) in the case of Debt Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 6 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes) in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, the 
additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 7 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked 
Notes) in the case of Inflation Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 8 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Currency Linked Notes) in the case of Currency Linked Notes, the additional terms and 
conditions contained in Annex 9 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes) in the case of Fund 
Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 10 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Futures Linked Notes) in the case of Futures Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 
11 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Interest Rate Linked Notes) in the case of Interest Rate Linked Notes, the 
additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 13 (Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Secured Notes) in the case of Secured Notes (each, an “Annex” and, together the "Annexes") 
(the "Conditions") which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note or, in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes (as defined below) or CREST Dematerialised Notes (as defined below), will apply to such Notes. In the case 
of Notes (other than Dematerialised Notes or CREST Dematerialised Notes), the applicable Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) will be attached to each Global Note.  
For the purposes of Notes which are neither admitted to trading on (a) a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area or (b) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (a) the European Economic 
Area or (b) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (“Exempt Notes”), 
references in these Terms and Conditions to “Final Terms” shall be deemed to be references to “Final Terms for 
Exempt Notes”. The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (“Mediobanca”) and Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) 
S.A. (“Mediobanca International”) and MB Funding Lux S.A. (“MBFL”) (each, an “Issuer” and, together, the 
“Issuers”) have established a Structured Note Issuance Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of notes 
(“Notes”), guaranteed by Mediobanca (in its capacity as guarantor, the “Guarantor”) in respect of Notes issued 
by Mediobanca International and MBFL. The Notes will be "Secured Notes" or "Unsecured Notes" as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes will be Secured Notes (which may only be issued by MBFL) or Unsecured Notes, as specified in the

--- Page 145 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
145 
 
 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes (other than CREST Dematerialised Notes) are issued pursuant to an amended and restated Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement dated 18 September 2023, as amended or supplemented from time to time, (the "Issue 
and Paying Agency Agreement") between the Issuers, the Guarantor, BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, as 
fiscal agent and principal paying agent (the "Fiscal Agent") and Mediobanca in its capacity as Italian paying agent 
(the "Italian Paying Agent" and together with the Fiscal Agent and any additional or other paying agents in respect 
of the Notes from time to time appointed, the "Paying Agents") and with the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 
18 September 2023 which each Issuer has executed in respect of Notes issued by it (each, a "Deed of Covenant" 
and, together, the "Deeds of Covenant"). 
Further party(ies) may be appointed pursuant to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement in relation to a Series of 
Secured Notes as Liquidation Agent (the "Liquidation Agent”). 
In relation to issues of CREST Dematerialised Notes (as defined below), Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International will enter into an agreement (such agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the "Euroclear Agreement") with the entity indicated in the relevant Final Terms as registrar in 
respect of CREST Dematerialised Notes (the "Euroclear Registrar", which expression shall include any 
successor or additional Euroclear Registrar appointed in respect of CREST Dematerialised Notes). CREST 
Dematerialised Notes may only be Unsecured Notes. 
With respect to Secured Notes, MBFL and BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch have in addition entered into a 
Luxembourg law-governed custody agreement (or such other custody agreement that MBFL may enter into 
governed by a law other than Luxembourg law from time to time with respect to a Series of Secured Notes) (the 
"Custody Agreement") and a Luxembourg law governed account bank agreement (or such other account bank 
agreement that MBFL may enter into governed by a law other than Luxembourg law from time to time with respect 
to a Series of Secured Notes) (the "Account Bank Agreement") pursuant to which BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg 
Branch (or such other entity appointed by MBFL with respect to a Series of Secured Notes) is appointed as 
custodian with respect to Collateral Assets (the "Custodian") and account bank (the "Account Bank") 
respectively. References in these Conditions to the terms Fiscal Agent, Paying Agents, Calculation Agent, 
Liquidation Agent, Custodian, Account Bank and Settlement Agent shall include any additional or successor 
agents in such capacity. 
The Final Terms may specify details of any Custody Agreement, Account Bank Agreement, Transfer Agreement, 
Credit Support Document, or Additional Charged Agreement and details of any relevant Counterparty. Where 
such agreements or entity are not so specified in the Final Terms then any references in these Conditions to those 
agreements or entity will be deemed not to apply. 
The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the holders of Unsecured Notes issued by Mediobanca International from 
time to time, executed and delivered a deed of guarantee dated 18 September 2023 (the "Mediobanca 
International Deed of Guarantee") under which it has guaranteed, in accordance with the terms and subject to 
limitations of the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee, the due and punctual payment of the amounts due 
and the performance of any non-cash delivery obligations by Mediobanca International under the Unsecured Notes

--- Page 146 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
146 
 
 
and the Deed of Covenant as and when the same shall become due and payable or deliverable, as the case may be 
(the "Guarantee of Mediobanca International Notes").  
The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the holders of Unsecured Notes and Secured Notes issued by MBFL from 
time to time, executed and delivered a deed of guarantee dated 18 September 2023 (the “MBFL Deed of 
Guarantee”) under which it has guaranteed, in accordance with the terms and subject to limitations of the MBFL 
Deed of Guarantee, the due and punctual payment of the amounts due and the performance of any non-cash 
delivery obligations by MBFL under the Unsecured Notes and Secured Notes and the relevant Deed of Covenant 
as and when the same shall become due and payable or deliverable, as the case may be (the “Guarantee of the 
MBFL Notes”). 
The obligations of MBFL in respect of the Secured Notes are secured by a security trust deed dated 18 September 
2023 (the "Programme Trust Deed") between MBFL, BNP Paribas Trust Corporation UK Limited (the "Security 
Trustee", which expression shall include any successor security trustee) and Mediobanca as the initial 
Counterparty, as supplemented by a supplemental trust deed (the "Supplemental Trust Deed") dated the Issue 
Date in respect of the first Tranche of a Series of Secured Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms between 
MBFL, the Security Trustee and any other party specified therein and together constituting the security described 
below in respect of the Secured Notes (the Programme Trust Deed and the Supplemental Trust Deed being 
hereinafter referred to as the "Security Trust Deed"). 
With respect to a Series of Notes, the Noteholders (as defined in Base Condition 1.2 (Title to Notes)), the holders 
of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) appertaining to interest bearing Notes and, where applicable in the case 
of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) and the holders of the installment receipts (the 
“Receipts”) appertaining to the payment of principal by installments are deemed to have notice of all the provisions 
of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or 
more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes are these Conditions, as completed by the relevant Final Terms (the "Final Terms"). In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. All 
subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final 
Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available during normal business hours at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar (in case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), the initial specified office of 
which is set out below, save that if the Notes are unlisted, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a 
Noteholder and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Fiscal Agent or the Euroclear 
Registrar (in case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), as to identity. Certain provisions of these Conditions are 
summaries of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or the Euroclear Registrar (in case of CREST 
Dematerialised Notes) and are subject to their detailed provisions. 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will specify whether the relevant Issuer is Mediobanca, 
Mediobanca International or MBFL. In these Conditions of the Notes, any reference to a statute or regulation shall 
be construed as a reference to such statute or regulation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, 
amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 147 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
147 
 
 
 
Copies of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant, the Mediobanca International Deed 
of Guarantee, the MBFL Deed of Guarantee, the Programme Manual (being a manual signed for the purposes of 
identification by the Issuers and the Fiscal Agent, containing suggested forms and operating procedures for the 
Programme, including the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form), the Custody Agreement, the Account 
Bank Agreement and the Programme Trust Deed are available for inspection at the specified office of the Paying 
Agent. 
Copies of the Euroclear Agreement, the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee, the MBFL Deed of 
Guarantee, the Programme Manual (being a manual signed for the purposes of identification by the Issuers and 
the Euroclear Registrar, containing suggested forms and operating procedures for the Programme) are available 
for inspection at the specified office of the Euroclear Registraror, or may be provided by email to a Holder 
following their prior written request to the Euroclear Registrar and provision of proof of holding and identity (in 
a form satisfactory to the Euroclear Registrar).  
Notes issued under the Programme will be in the form of Notes and references in these Conditions to "Note” and 
"Notes" will be construed accordingly. References herein to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final 
Terms or each Final Terms (in the case of any further notes issued pursuant to Base Condition 18 (Further Issues) 
and forming a single series with the Notes) (which for the avoidance of doubt may be issued in respect of more 
than one series of Notes) attached to the global note in bearer form representing the Notes (the "Global Note") or, 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes or CREST Dematerialised Notes, will applying to such Notes, insofar as it 
relates to the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any reference in the Conditions to a level, value, price, percentage, number, amount 
or date to be indicated in the relevant Final Terms, should be interpreted as reference to one or more of such levels, 
values, prices, percentages, numbers, amounts or dates, based on what will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
1. 
TYPE, TITLE AND TRANSFER 
1.1. 
Type 
The Notes relate to (i) a specified index or basket of indices or futures or options contracts related to a specified 
index or basket of indices ("Index Linked Notes"), (ii) a specified share or basket of shares, or a specified 
depositary receipt (a "GDR/ADR") referencing a share (an "Underlying Share") or basket of GDRs and/or ADRs 
("Share Linked Notes"), (iii) a specified interest in an exchange traded fund, an exchange traded note, an exchange 
traded commodity or any other exchange traded product (each an "exchange traded instrument") or basket of 
interests in exchange traded instruments ("ETI Linked Notes"), (iv) a specified debt instrument or basket of debt 
instruments or futures or options contracts related to a specified debt instrument or basket of debt instruments 
(synthetic or otherwise) ("Debt Linked Notes"), (v) a specified commodity or commodity index or basket of 
commodities and/or commodity indices ("Commodity Linked Notes"), (vi) a specified inflation index or basket 
of inflation indices ("Inflation Linked Notes"), (vii) a specified currency or basket of currencies or futures or 
options contracts related to a specified currency or basket of currencies ("Currency Linked Notes"), (viii) a

--- Page 148 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
148 
 
 
specified fund share or unit or basket of fund shares or units ("Fund Linked Notes”), (ix) a specified futures 
contract or basket of futures contract(s) (“Futures Linked Notes”), (x) a specified underlying interest rate or 
basket of underlying interest rates (“Interest Rate Linked Notes”), (xi) the credit of a specified reference entity 
or reference entities ("Credit Linked Notes”), (xii) and/or any combination of such indices, shares, interests in 
exchange traded instruments, debt instruments, commodities, commodity indices, inflation indices, currencies, 
fund shares or units, futures contract(s), underlying interest rate(s), the credit of a specified reference entity or 
reference entities and other asset classes or types (“Hybrid Notes”). 
If the Notes are Hybrid Notes and Hybrid Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms 
and conditions of the Notes will be construed on the basis that in respect of each separate type of underlying 
reference asset or basis, the relevant terms applicable to each such separate type of underlying reference asset or 
basis will apply, as the context admits, separately and independently in respect of the relevant type of underlying 
reference asset or basis, except as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate:  
(i) 
whether redemption shall be by way of cash payment (“Cash Settled Notes”) and/or physical delivery 
(“Physical Delivery Notes”); 
(ii) 
whether Averaging (“Averaging”) will apply to the Notes; and 
(iii) 
if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Averaging Dates and, if an 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day (as defined in Base Condition 3 below (Definitions), whether Omission, 
Postponement or Modified Postponement (each as defined in Base Condition 3 (Definitions) applies; 
(iv) 
the interest amounts payable in respect of the Notes. 
Subject as provided below, the Settlement Currency in respect of the Notes will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If the Notes are Dual Currency Notes, the Final Redemption Amount for each such Note shall be paid in a 
Settlement Currency which is different from the Relevant Currency of the Notes . If the Notes are Dual Currency 
Notes and Settlement Currency Barrier Selection is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Settlement Currency in respect of the Final Redemption Amount and/or the relevant payment of Interest 
Amount will be determined by reference to whether or not the Settlement Currency Barrier Condition is satisfied 
at the relevant time. If the Settlement Currency Barrier Condition is satisfied at the relevant time the Settlement 
Currency for the relevant payment will be the First Settlement Currency. If the Settlement Currency Barrier 
Condition is not satisfied at the relevant time the Settlement Currency for the relevant payment will be the Second 
Settlement Currency. 
References in these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, to Cash Settled Notes shall be deemed to 
include references to Physical Delivery Notes, which include an option (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) 
at the relevant Issuer's election to request cash settlement of such Note and where settlement is to be by way of 
cash payment. References in the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, to Physical Delivery Notes 
shall be deemed to include references to Cash Settled Notes which include an option (as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms) at the relevant Issuer’s election to request physical delivery of the relevant underlying asset in

--- Page 149 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
149 
 
 
settlement of such Note and where settlement is to be by way of physical delivery. 
1.2. 
Title to Notes 
In the case of Notes represented by a Global Note held by a common depository on behalf of a relevant Clearing 
System, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of the relevant Clearing System(s) as the 
holder of a particular number of Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by the relevant 
Clearing System(s) as to the number of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the 
Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent and all other persons dealing with such person as the holder of such 
number of Notes for all purposes (and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person who is for the time being shown in the records of the relevant 
Clearing System(s) as the holder of a particular amount of Notes (in which regard any certificate, record or other 
document issued by the relevant Clearing System(s) as to the amount of Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall (except as otherwise 
required by applicable law) be treated for all purposes by the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the Paying Agents and 
the Calculation Agent and all other persons dealing with such person as the holder thereof and as the holder of 
such number of Notes for all purposes (and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly, except where the Notes are Italian Dematerialised Notes, in which 
case “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” will be exclusively deemed to be the beneficial owner of the Notes). 
The Issuer shall cause Italian Dematerialised Notes to be dematerialised and centralised with Euronext Securities 
Milan (the commercial name of Monte Titoli S.p.A.) (“ESM”), pursuant to Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998 
as amended and integrated by subsequent implementing provisions. 
In the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, title to CREST Dematerialised Notes is recorded on the relevant 
Operator register of eligible debt securities. The Euroclear Registrar on behalf of the relevant Issuer will maintain 
a record of uncertificated eligible debt securities (the "Record") in relation to the CREST Dematerialised Notes 
and will procure that the Record is regularly updated to reflect the Operator register of eligible debt securities in 
accordance with the rules of the Operator. Subject to this requirement, (i) each person who is for the time being 
shown in the Record as the holder of a particular number of CREST Dematerialised Notes shall be treated by the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Euroclear Registrar and any other person as the holder of such number of 
CREST Dematerialised Note for all purposes (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related 
expressions in the context of CREST Dematerialised Notes shall be construed accordingly), and (ii) none of the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Euroclear Registrar and any other person shall be liable in respect of any act or 
thing done or omitted to be done by it or on its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that the particulars entered 
in the Record which the Euroclear Registrar maintains are in accordance with particulars entered in the Operator 
register of eligible debt securities relating to the CREST Dematerialised Notes. 
No provisions of these Conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms shall (notwithstanding anything 
contained therein) apply or have effect to the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent with (I) the holding of title 
to CREST Dematerialised Notes in uncertificated form, (II) the transfer of title to CREST Dematerialised Notes

--- Page 150 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
150 
 
 
by means of a relevant system or (III) the Uncertificated Securities Regulations. Without prejudice to the generality 
of the preceding sentence and notwithstanding anything contained in these Conditions or the applicable Final 
Terms, so long as the CREST Dematerialised Notes are participating securities, (A) the Operator register of eligible 
debt securities relating to the CREST Dematerialised Notes shall be maintained at all times outside the United 
Kingdom, (B) the CREST Dematerialised Notes may be issued in uncertificated form in accordance with and 
subject as provided in the Uncertificated Securities Regulations, and (C) for the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions 
and the applicable Final Terms in relation to any CREST Dematerialised Note shall remain applicable 
notwithstanding that they are not endorsed on any certificate for such CREST Dematerialised Note. 
As used herein each of "Operator register of eligible debt securities", "participating securities" and "relevant 
system" is as defined in the Uncertificated Securities Regulations and the relevant Operator (as such term is used 
in the Uncertificated Securities Regulations) is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or any additional or alternative 
operator from time to time approved by Mediobanca, Mediobanca International or MBFL (as the case may be). as 
Issuer, Mediobanca as Guarantor and the Euroclear Registrar in relation to the CREST Dematerialised Notes and 
in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations. Any reference herein to the "Operator" shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any such additional or alternative Operator 
from time to time and notified to the Holders of CREST Dematerialised Notes in accordance with Base Condition 
16 (Notices). 
1.3. 
Transfers of Notes 
For so long as the Notes are represented by Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Notes”), title to the Notes will 
pass by delivery. 
For so long as the Notes are represented by a Global Note, all transactions (including transfers of Notes) in the 
open market or otherwise must be effected through an account at the relevant Clearing System(s), subject to and 
in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the relevant Clearing System(s). Title will pass 
upon registration of the transfer in the books of the relevant Clearing System(s). 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes will be held in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”), 
then the Notes will not be represented by paper certificates and the transfer and exchange of Notes will take place 
exclusively through an electronic book-entry system managed by ESM or any other centralised custodian 
appointed by the Issuers (the “Centralised Custodian”). Accordingly, all Notes in dematerialised form shall be 
held by their owners with an intermediary participant the relevant Centralised Custodian. The intermediary will in 
turn hold the Notes with the Centralised Custodian.  
All transactions (including transfers) in respect of CREST Dematerialised Notes in the open market or otherwise 
must be effected through an account at the Operator subject to and in accordance with the rules and procedures for 
the time being of the Operator. Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the Operator register of eligible 
debt securities. 
Any reference herein to a Clearing System(s), Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or ESM shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system

--- Page 151 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
151 
 
 
approved by the relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent from time to time and notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
Any transfer or attempted transfer within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a United States 
person shall be null and void ab initio and shall vest no rights in the purported transferee (the “Disqualified 
Transferee”) and the last preceding holder that was not a Disqualified Transferee shall be restored to all rights as 
a Noteholder thereof retroactively to the date of transfer of such interest by the relevant Noteholder. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
2.1. 
Status of the Notes 
The Unsecured Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant 
Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law and 
subject to any Italian Bail-in Power, with reference to Notes issued by Mediobanca, and any Luxembourg Bail-in 
Power, with reference to Notes issued by Mediobanca International) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
other than subordinated obligations, if any, of the relevant Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
The Secured Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of MBFL and rank 
pari passu among themselves. 
2.2. 
Status of the Guarantees 
The Guarantee of the Mediobanca International Notes constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and conditions and subject to the limitations set out 
in the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee which will rank at all times at least pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Guarantor, save for certain mandatory exceptions of applicable law and subject to any Italian 
Bail-in Power. 
The Guarantee of the MBFL Notes constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and conditions and subject to the limitations set out in the MBFL Deed of 
Guarantee which will rank at all times at least pari passu without any preference among themselves and equally 
with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save for certain 
mandatory exceptions of applicable law and subject to any Italian Bail-in Power. 
As more fully set forth in each of the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee and the MBFL Deed of 
Guarantee, the Guarantor shall at all times have the right, at its sole and unfettered discretion, to elect not to deliver 
or procure delivery of the Entitlement to the holders of Physical Delivery Notes when the same shall become due 
and deliverable, but in lieu thereof to pay an amount in cash determined by the Guarantor acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner equal to the Guaranteed Final Redemption Amount. The "Guaranteed Final 
Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note means an amount calculated pursuant to the terms of, or as specified 
in, the applicable Final Terms or, if not specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the fair market 
value of the Entitlement in respect of such Note on any date notified as such by the Guarantor to the Issuer and the

--- Page 152 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
152 
 
 
Calculation Agent, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates or agents of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related hedging 
arrangements (including the cost of funding in respect of such hedging arrangements), all as determined by the 
Guarantor in its sole and absolute discretion.  
Any payment of the Guaranteed Final Redemption Amount, in lieu of the Entitlement shall constitute a complete 
discharge of the Guarantor’s obligations in respect of such Physical Delivery Notes. 
2.3. 
No negative pledge 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
3. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of these Base Conditions, the following general definitions will apply: 
"Additional Disruption Event" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Adjustment Date" is as defined in Base Condition 22 (Adjustments for European Monetary Union); 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions);  
"AER Range Level" is as defined in Base Condition 8.5(c); 
"AER Range Level 1" is as defined in Base Condition 8.5(c); 
"AER Range Level 2" is as defined in Base Condition 8.5(c); 
"Affected Component Security" is as defined in this Base Condition 3 (Definitions) under the definition of Strike 
Date and the definition of Valuation Date; 
"Affected Item" is as defined in this Base Condition 3 (Definitions) under the definition of Averaging Date, Strike 
Date, Valuation Date and in Commodity Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions) under the definition of Commodity 
Fallback Value; 
"Affected Relevant Assets" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Affected Share" is as defined in Base Condition 13.2(c) and Share Linked Note Condition 5.2 (e); 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity; 
"Alternate Cash Amount" is as defined in Base Condition 4.5 (Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the 
Alternate Cash Amount);

--- Page 153 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
153 
 
 
"Alternative Currency" is the currency alternative to the Base Currency, indicated in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Annex" is as defined in paragraph 1 of these Base Conditions; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Asset Instruments" is as defined in Base Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" is as defined in Base Condition 8.5(c) and 8.6 (Automatic Early 
Redemption – Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1); 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event"is as defined in Base Condition 8.5(c) and 8.6 (Automatic Early 
Redemption – Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1); 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" is as defined in Base Condition 8.5(c) and, 8.6 (Automatic Early 
Redemption – Automatic Early Redemption Capitalised Call and Put Notes1); 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" is as defined in Base Condition 8.5(c); 
"Automatic Early Redemption Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1 (Automatic Early Redemption 
Payouts); 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" is as defined in Base Conditions 8.5(c) and 8.6 (Automatic 
Early Redemption – Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1); 
"Averaging" is as defined in Base Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Averaging Date" means:  
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or Futures 
Linked Notes, each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
if "Omission" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will be deemed 
not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant value, level, price or 
amount provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur, 
then the provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of determining 
the relevant value, level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date 
were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the provisions of the 
definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant value, level, 
price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was

--- Page 154 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
154 
 
 
a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging 
Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(iii) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
A. 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index (other than a Component 
Security Index), Share Linked Notes relating to a single Share, ETI Linked Notes relating to 
a single ETI Interest or Futures Linked Notes relating to single Future, the Averaging Date 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding Valid Date 
has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Averaging Date, then (I) that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is 
already an Averaging Date), and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, 
level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with subparagraph (a)(i) of the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below; and 
B. 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a single Component Security Index, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Component Security Index for the 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Valuation 
Date" below and the Averaging Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the 
Calculation Agent determines the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with 
the provisions of sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below; 
C. 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices (other than a Basket 
of Component Security Indices), Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, ETI 
Linked Notes relating to an ETI Basket or Futures Linked Notes relating to a Basket of 
Futures, the Averaging Date for each Index, Share, ETI Interest or Future not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the 
"Scheduled Averaging Date") and the Averaging Date for each Index, Share, ETI Interest 
or Future affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Valid 
Date (as defined below) in relation to such Index, Share, ETI Interest or Future. If the first 
succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index, Share, ETI Interest or Future has not 
occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Averaging Date, then (I) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed 
the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is 
already an Averaging Date) in respect of such Index, Share, ETI Interest or Future, and (II) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant vale, level, price, or amount for that

--- Page 155 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
155 
 
 
Averaging Date in accordance with subparagraph (a)(iii) of the definition of "Valuation Date" 
below; and 
D. 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Component Security Indices, 
the Averaging Date for each Component Security Index not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Averaging Date, and for each Component Security 
Index affected (an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the 
provisions of sub-paragraph (a)(iv) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below and the 
Averaging Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the provisions of 
sub-paragraph (a)(iv) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below; or 
(b) 
in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately following Commodity Business Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a day on which a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred or is continuing, in which case the provisions of Commodity Linked Note Condition 3 
(Consequence of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks) shall apply. 
"Base Currency" is the currency specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Basket" means in respect of any Underlying Reference constituted by more than one item, the basket composed 
of such items in the relative proportions and/or numbers specified in the Final Terms; 
"Basket of Underlying References" is as defined in Base Condition 8.5(c); 
"Benchmark" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"BMR" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Borsa Italiana Business Day" means any day on which Borsa Italiana S.p.A. is scheduled to be open for trading 
during its regular trading session; 
"BRRD" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Business Day" means (i) a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the relevant Business Day Centre(s) and, except in case of CREST Dematerialised 
Notes, on which the relevant Clearing System(s) is open for business, or, in case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, 
a day on which the Operator is open for business (ii) if T2 is specified as a Business Day Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system (the "T2") is open for the settlement of payments in Euro (a "TARGET Day"), (iii) if "U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day" is specified as Business Day Centre then "Business Day" shall also be any weekday that

--- Page 156 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
156 
 
 
is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Business 
Day Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or 
regulation to be closed, (iv) for the purposes of making payments in euro, any TARGET Day, and (v) in the case 
of Physical Delivery Notes, a day that is also a Scheduled Trading Day. If any date referred to in these Conditions 
which is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day, (ii) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day, save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final 
Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interests on that payment will not accrue during the period from 
and after scheduled final Interest Payment Date, (iii) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (iv) the Modified Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the previous calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
following Business Day; 
"Buy Back Price" is as defined in Base Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount" is as defined in Base Condition 13.2(b)(ii); 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date" is as defined in Base Condition 13.2(b)(ii); 
"Calculation Agent" means Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. or the different entity indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Period" means each Interest Period, AER Calculation Period or FR Calculation Period, Call 
Calculation Period or Put Calculation Period, as applicable; 
"Call Option" means, if the relevant Final Terms specify that the Call Option is applicable in relation to the Notes, 
the option which can be irrevocably exercised by the Issuer during the Call Option Exercise Notice Period(s) 
pursuant to Base Condition 8.7 (Issuer Call Option); 
"Call Option Condition(s)" has the meaning given in Base Condition 8.7 (Issuer Call Option); 
"Call Option Condition Exercise Notice" has the meaning given in Base Condition 8.7 (Issuer Call Option); 
"Call Option Exercise Notice" has the meaning given in Base Condition 8.7 (Issuer Call Option); 
"Call Option Exercise Notice Period" means, if the Call Option is applicable in relation to the Notes, the period 
– as specified in the Final Terms – within which the Issuer may notify, in accordance with Base Condition 8.7 
(Issuer Call Option), the intention to exercise the Call Option; 
"Call Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 4.1 (Issuer Call Option Payouts Formulas);

--- Page 157 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
157 
 
 
"Cash-CDS Arbitrage" is as defined in Base Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Cash Instrument" is as defined in Base Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"CDS Components" is as defined in Base Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Change in Law" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and Credit Linked Note Condition 13 
(Definitions); 
"Clearing System" shall mean Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or ESM and/or Euroclear UK & 
Ireland Limited ("CREST") or such other clearing system or Centralised Custodian as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Commodity Linked Notes" is as defined in Base Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Component" means in respect of any Underlying Reference constituted by a Basket, each component comprised 
in such Basket; 
"Compounded SOFR" is as defined in Base Condition 7(d); 
"CRD IV" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"CRD IV Directive" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"CRD IV Implementing Measure" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"CRR" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Credit Index" is as defined in Base Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Credit Linked Notes" is as defined in Base Condition 1.1 (Type) and Credit Linked Note Condition 13 
(Definitions); 
"CREST Dematerialised Notes" means Notes issued in uncertificated registered form in accordance with the 
Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (as amended, modified or re-enacted and such other regulations made 
under Sections 783, 784(3), 785 and 788 of the Companies Act 2006 as are applicable to the Euroclear Registrar); 
"Currency Event" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Currency Linked Notes" is as defined in Base Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Current Interest Period" is as defined in Base Condition 8.5(c); 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in Base Condition 8.5(c), Base Condition 8.7 (Issuer Call Option), Base 
Condition 7(n), in Formulas Condition 1.1 (kkk), in Formulas Condition 3.1(f) and in Formulas Condition 4.1(e); 
"Debt Instruments" and "Debt Instrument" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with Annex 5 (Additional

--- Page 158 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
158 
 
 
Terms and Conditions for Debt Linked Notes), in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a Basket of Debt 
Instruments, each debt instrument and, in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a single Debt Instrument, the 
debt instrument, specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
"Debt Linked Notes" is as defined in Base Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Delivery Date" is as defined in Base Condition 12.4 (Physical Delivery Notes), in Commodity Linked Note 
Condition 1 (Definitions) and Credit Linked Note Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Deliverable Obligation" is as defined in Credit Linked Note Condition 13 (Definitions); 
"Disqualified Transferee" is as defined in Base Condition 1.3 (Transfers of Notes); 
"Disrupted Amount" is as defined in Base Condition 4.7(vi); 
"Disrupted Day" is as defined in Index Linked Note Conditions 1 (Definitions), in Share Linked Note Condition 
1 (Definitions), in ETI Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions) in Debt Linked Note Condition 11 (Definitions), in 
Currency Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Futures Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Disrupted Settlement Date" is as defined in Base Condition 4.7(vi); 
"Dual Currency Notes" means Notes which are Cash Settled Notes and in relation to which Dual Currency Notes 
is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Early Redemption Entitlement" is as defined in Base Condition 8.5 (c); 
"Early Closure" is as defined in Index Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions), Share Linked Note Condition 1 
(Definitions), ETI Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions) and Futures Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Entitlement" means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Note, and an Underlying Reference or, as the case may 
be, a Component, the quantity of the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, which a Noteholder 
is entitled to receive on the Maturity Date in respect of each such Note following payment of any sums payable 
and Expenses rounded down as provided in Base Condition 8.3 (Physical Settlement), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent including any documents evidencing such Entitlement which amount will be the Entitlement 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of a Credit Linked Note) the relevant obligations 
and/or other assets as specified in the Credit Linked Note Conditions). 
"Entitlement Amount" means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Note, the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following: 
(a) 
If MFP Entitlement Amounts is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
determined in accordance with the Entitlement Amount Formulas set out in Annex 1 (Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulas); 
(b) 
Otherwise:

--- Page 159 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
159 
 
 
a. 
the Entitlement Units; multiplied by 
b. 
the Entitlement Multiplier; multiplied by 
c. 
in respect of any Underlying Reference constituted by a Basket, the relevant Weighting; 
"Entitlement Units" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Entitlement Multiplier" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ESM Accountholder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf 
of their customers with ESM which has credited to its notes account with ESM one or more entries in respect of 
the Notes held in book-entry form (except for ESM in its capacity as an accountholder of another Clearing System); 
"Established Rate" is as defined in Base Condition 22 (Adjustments for European Monetary Union) ; 
"ETI Linked Notes" is as defined in Base Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"Euronext Dublin" means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin;  
"Exchange Disruption" is as defined in Index Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions), Share Linked Note 
Condition 1 (Definitions), ETI Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions) and Futures Linked Note Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Exchange Rate" means the applicable rate of exchange indicate in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Expenses" is as defined in Base Condition 17(a); 
"Extra-Yield" is as defined in Base Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Extraordinary External Event" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is as defined in Base Conditions 4.2 (Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity) 
and Base Condition 13.1(Definitions); 
"Failure to Deliver Settlement Price" is as defined in Base Condition 13.2; 
"Final Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (Final Payouts Formulas); 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in relation to a Cash Settled Note, the amount in the Settlement Currency 
which the Noteholder is entitled to receive on the Maturity Date in relation to each such Note, in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Final 
Payouts included in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas), provided in each case that 
the Final Redemption Amount will not be greater than the Maximum Amount (if any) and will not be less than the 
Minimum Amount (if any), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Final Redemption Amount shall be

--- Page 160 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
160 
 
 
rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Redemption Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention, provided that if Rounding Convention 2 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall not be subject to 
rounding but Notes of the same Series held by the same Noteholder will be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the aggregate Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Notes and such aggregate of Final 
Redemption Amounts will be rounded down to the nearest whole sub-unit of the Settlement Currency in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine, provided that if the Final Payout is zero, no amount shall be 
payable in respect of the relevant Note. This definition shall not apply to Credit Linked Notes. 
If the Final Redemption Amount is not an amount in the Settlement Currency, if specified in the applicable Final 
Terms it will be converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"First Settlement Currency" is the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund Business Day" is as defined in Fund Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Linked Notes" is as defined in Base Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Future" is as defined in Futures Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Futures Linked Notes" is as defined in Base Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Index" is as defined in Index Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions);  
"Index-Components Arbitrage" is as defined in Base Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Currency" is as defined in Base Condition 4.7(vi); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date" is as defined in Base Condition 4.7(ii)A; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Event" is as defined in Base Condition 4.7(vi); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate" is as defined in Base Condition 4.7(vi) 
"FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" is as defined in Base Condition 4.7(vi); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Notice" is as defined in Base Condition 4.7(i); 
"GDR/ADR" is as defined in Base Condition 1.1 (Type) and Share Linked Note Condition 9 (Definitions relating 
to GDR/ADR); 
"General Funded Arbitrage" is as defined in Base Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Government Authority" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Guaranteed Final Redemption Amount" is as defined in Base Condition 2.2 (Status of Guarantee);

--- Page 161 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
161 
 
 
"Hedge" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Hedging Disruption" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and Credit Linked Note Condition 13 
(Definitions);  
"Hedging Shares" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and ETI Linked Note Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Hybrid Business Day" has the meaning given to such term in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Hybrid Notes" is as defined in Base Condition 1.1 (Type);  
"Increased Cost of Hedging" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and Credit Linked Note Condition 
13 (Definitions);  
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Index Linked Notes" is as defined in Base Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Inflation Linked Notes" is as defined in Base Condition 1.1(Type); 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Insolvency Filing" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Interest Amount" is as defined in Base Condition 7(n); 
"Interest Determination Date" is as defined in Base Condition 7(b)(iv), Base Condition 7(c)(iii), and Base 
Condition 7(n);  
"Interest Payment Date (s)" is as defined in Base Condition 7(n);  
"Interest Period" is as defined in Base Condition 7(n) 
"Interest Rate" is as defined in Base Condition 7(n); 
"Interest Valuation Date(s)" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Intervening Period" is as defined in Base Condition 4.4 (Intervening Period); 
"ISDA Definitions" is as defined in Base Condition 7(n); 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment” is as defined in Base Condition 7(d); 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” is as defined in Base Condition 7(d); 
"Issue Date" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 162 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
162 
 
 
"Issue Price" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Italian Bail-in Power" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Italian Dematerialised Notes" means Notes issued in uncertificated and dematerialised form into ESM pursuant 
to Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998 as amended and integrated by subsequent implementing provisions; 
"Italian Listed Notes" means Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms state that an application will 
be made or has been made to admit such Notes to trading on the regulated market of the Italian Stock Exchange 
or the Multilateral Trading Facility (the "EuroTLX"), organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as the case 
may be; 
"Italian Stock Exchange" means the Multilateral Trading Facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments 
(the “SeDeX”), organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.;  
"Jurisdiction Event" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Knock-in Determination Day" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Determination Period" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Event" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Level" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Range Level" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out 
Event); 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-
out Event); 
"Knock-out Determination Day" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Determination Period" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Event" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out

--- Page 163 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
163 
 
 
Event); 
"Knock-out Level" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Range Level" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-
out Event); 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-
out Event); 
"Level" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Structured Rate Notes" is as defined in Base Condition 7 (Interest); 
"Local Currency" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and ETI Linked Note Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Luxembourg Bail-in Power" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Market Disruption Event" is as defined in Index Linked Note Condition 2 (Market Disruption), in Share Linked 
Note Condition 2 (Market Disruption), ETI Linked Note Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Debt Linked Note 
Condition 3 (Market Disruption), Commodity Linked Note Condition 1 (Market Disruption) and Futures Linked 
Note Condition 2 (Market Disruption); 
"Market Value" is as defined in Base Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Maturity Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in relation to Cash Settled Notes (other than Credit Linked Notes): 
(i) 
where Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the nth Business Day following 
the Valuation Date indicated in the applicable Final Terms provided that if the Notes relate to a 
Basket and the occurrence of a Disrupted Day has resulted in a Valuation Date for one or more 
Components being adjusted as set out in the definition of Valuation Date below, the Maturity Date 
shall be the fifth Business Day next following the last occurring Valuation Date in relation to any 
Component or (ii) the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
where Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the fifth Business Day following the 
last occurring Averaging Date provided that where the Notes relate to a Basket and the occurrence

--- Page 164 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
164 
 
 
of a Disrupted Day has resulted in an Averaging Date for one or more Components being adjusted 
as set out in the definition of Averaging Date above, the Maturity Date shall be the fifth Business 
Day next following the last occurring Averaging Date in relation to any Component, or such other 
date as is specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in relation to Physical Delivery Notes (other than Credit Linked Notes), the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Maximum Amount" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Minimum Amount" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and ETI Linked Note Condition 
1 (Definitions); 
"National Currency Unit" is as defined in Base Condition 22(b); 
"Nominal Amount" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Non-Approval Event" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions) 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms or if any 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked 
Notes, Debt Linked Notes or Futures Linked Notes) or Commodity Business Day (in the case of Commodity 
Linked Notes), the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day or Commodity Business Day, as applicable. 
The provisions contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply if any such day is a Disrupted Day or, 
in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, a day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing, 
mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date" unless 
Observation Day Disruption Consequences is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in which 
case such date will be an Observation Date notwithstanding the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and (i) in the case 
of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or Futures Linked Notes, the 
provisions of (a)(i)(B), (a)(ii), (a)(iii)(B) or (a)(iv), as applicable, of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply 
for the purposes of determining the relevant value, level, price or amount on such Observation Date as if such 
Observation Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day or (ii) in the case of Commodity Linked Notes 
the provisions of Commodity Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequence of a Market Disruption Event and 
Disruption Fallbacks) will apply.  
"Observation Period" means the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" is as defined in Base Condition 8.7 (Issuer Call Option);  
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" is as defined in Base Condition 8.8 (Noteholders Put Option)

--- Page 165 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
165 
 
 
"Optional Condition Redemption Amount (Call)" is as defined in Base Condition 8.7 (Issuer Call Option);  
"Optional Condition Redemption Date (Call)" means, if the Call Option Condition is applicable, the day 
specified in the relevant Final Terms on which, upon the occurrence of the Call Option Condition, the Issuer may 
early redeem the relevant Notes;  
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" means, if the Call Option has been exercised , the Business Day specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and/or specified in the relevant Call Option Exercise Notice and/or determined in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms, on which the Issuer may early redeem the relevant Notes; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" means, if a Put Option has been exercised by the relevant Noteholder, the 
Business Day specified as indicated in Base Condition 8.8 (Noteholders Put Option), on which the Issuer may 
early redeem the relevant Notes; 
"Original Currency" is as defined in Base Condition 22(a)(ii); 
"Put Option" means, if the relevant Final Terms specify that Put Option is applicable in relation to the Notes, the 
option which can be irrevocably exercised by the Noteholder during the Put Option Exercise Notice Period(s) 
pursuant to Base Condition 8.8 (Noteholders Put Option); 
"Put Option Exercise Notice" is as defined in Base Condition 8.8 (Noteholders Put Option); 
"Put Option Exercise Notice Period" means, if the Put Option is applicable in relation to the Notes,, the period 
– as specified in the Final Terms – within which the Noteholder may exercise, in accordance with Base Condition 
8.8 (Noteholders Put Option) below, the Put Option; 
"Put Payout" is as defined in Final Payouts Formulas Condition 3.1 (Noteholder Put Option Payouts Formulas); 
"Redemption Valuation Date"has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" is as defined in Base Condition 7(n); 
"Rejection Event" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
“Reference Time” is as defined in Base Condition 7(d); 
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event) and Base Condition 7(n); 
"Relevant Asset" means the asset or assets specified in the Final Terms that constitute the Entitlement; 
"Relevant Authority" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Relevant Currency" is as defined in Base Condition 4.7 (vi); 
“Relevant Governmental Body” is as defined in Base Condition 7(d);

--- Page 166 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
166 
 
 
"Relevant Price" is as defined in Commodity Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Replicating Derivatives" is as defined in Base Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours subject, in respect of 
Index Linked Notes, to subparagraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of Valuation Time, and subject, in respect of 
Share Linked Notes, to subparagraph (c) of the definition of Valuation Time; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" is as defined in Index Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Linked Note 
Condition 1 (Definitions), in ETI Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions), in Commodity Linked Note Condition 1 
(Definitions), in Currency Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions), in Futures Linked Note Condition 1 
(Definitions), in Fund Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Debt Linked Note Condition 11 (Definitions).  
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date; 
"Second Settlement Currency" is the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Settlement Currency Barrier Condition" means that the Settlement Price (as defined in Currency Linked Notes 
Condition 4 – Settlement Price) on the relevant Settlement Price Date is (a) less than, (b) less than or equal to, (c) 
greater than, (d) greater than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Currency Barrier 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Settlement Currency Barrier Rate" is the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Settlement Business Day" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Settlement Disruption Event" is as defined in Base Condition 4.1 (Settlement Disruption); 
"Settlement Disruption Amount" is as defined in Base Condition 4.1 (Settlement Disruption); 
"Share Linked Notes" is as defined in Base Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Significant Alteration Event" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
“SOFR” is as defined in Base Condition 7(d); 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 167 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
167 
 
 
"SRM Regulation" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Stop-Loss Event" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Strike Date" means, in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Debt Linked 
Notes or Futures Linked Notes, the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent 
such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then:  
(a) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index (other than a Component Security Index), 
Share Linked Notes relating to a single Share, ETI Linked Notes relating to a single ETI Interest, Debt 
Linked Notes relating to a single Debt Instrument or Futures Linked Notes relating to a single Future, the 
Strike Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of 
the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (A) the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes, by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time 
on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method 
of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day of each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day 
has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last such Scheduled Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or Futures Linked Notes, 
in accordance with its good faith estimate of the relevant value, level, price or amount as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Component Security Index, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level for such Component Security Index using the formula for and method of 
calculating such Component Security Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using: 
(i) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled 
Strike Date, the exchange traded or quoted price of such Component Security as of the Valuation 
Time on the Scheduled Strike Date; and 
(ii) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected Component Security") by a 
Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled Strike Date, the exchange traded or quoted price for each 
Affected Component Security on the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on which no Market 
Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected Component Security, unless

--- Page 168 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
168 
 
 
each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a day on which a Market 
Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected Component Security, in which 
case, the Calculation Agent shall determine the value, amount, level or price of the Affected 
Component Security using its good faith estimate of the value, amount, level or price of the relevant 
Affected Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day; and 
the Strike Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent determines the level 
of the Component Security Index in accordance with the above provisions. 
(c) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices (other than a Basket of Component Security 
Indices), Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, ETI Linked Notes relating to an ETI Basket, 
Debt Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Debt Instruments or Futures Linked Notes relating to a Basket 
of Futures, the Strike Date for each Index, Share, ETI Interest, Debt Instrument or Future, as the case may 
be, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Strike Date and the Strike 
Date for each Index, ETI Interest, Share, Debt Instrument or Future affected, as the case may be (each an 
"Affected Item"), by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the relevant value, level, price or amount using, in relation to the Affected Item: 
(i) 
in the case of an Index, the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last 
in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price 
as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security 
comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the 
value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Share, ETI Interest, Debt Instrument or Future, its good faith estimate of the value, 
level, price or amount for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(d) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Component Security Indices, the Strike Date for 
each Component Security Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Strike Date, and for each Component Security Index affected (an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of that Component Security Index using the

--- Page 169 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
169 
 
 
formula for and method of calculating that Component Security Index last in effect prior to the occurrence 
of the first Disrupted Day, using: 
(i) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled 
Strike Date, the exchange traded or quoted price of such Component Security as of the Valuation 
Time on the Scheduled Strike Date; and 
(ii) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected Component Security") by a 
Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled Strike Date, the exchange traded or quoted price for each 
Affected Component Security on the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on which no Market 
Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected Component Security, unless 
each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a day on which a Market 
Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected Component Security, in which 
case, the Calculation Agent shall determine the value, amount, level or price of such Affected 
Component Security using its good faith estimate of the value, amount, level or price of the relevant 
Affected Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day; and 
the Strike Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent can determine the 
level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the above provisions; or 
(e) 
in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, the Initial Pricing Date; or 
(f) 
in the case of Interest Rate Linked Notes, the Strike Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging Date 
Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions contained in the definition 
of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to 
"Strike Day";  
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Substitute Asset" and "Substitute Assets" is as defined in Base Condition 4.5 (Issuer's Option to Substitute 
Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount); 
"Substitute Share" is as defined in Base Condition 13.2(c) and Share Linked Note Condition 5.2(e); 
"Substitution Date" is as defined in Base Condition 13.2, Credit Linked Note Condition 13 (Definitions), 
Commodity Linked Note Condition 3(b), Share Linked Note Condition 5.2(e), ETI Linked Note Condition 6.2(b); 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" is as defined in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Trading Disruption" is as defined in Index Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Share Linked Note 
Condition 1 (Definitions), ETI Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions), Commodity Linked Note Condition 1

--- Page 170 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
170 
 
 
(Definitions) and Futures Linked Note Condition 1 (Definitions).  
"Uncertificated Securities Regulations" means the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (as amended, 
modified or re-enacted and such other regulations made under Sections 783, 784(3), 785 and 788 of the Companies 
Act 2006 as are applicable to the Euroclear Registrar) for the time being in force; 
"Underlying Reference" is as defined in Base Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out 
Event), and Base Condition 8.7 (Issuer Call Option), Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions) and 
Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Notes, 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put 
Notes); 
"Underlying Reference Level" is as defined in Base Condition 8.5 (c) and Formulas Condition 7 (General 
Formulas Definitions); 
"Underlying Transactions" is as defined in Base Condition 6.2 (Specific Buy Back Provisions); 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date 
in relation to the Maturity Date, as the case may be, does not or is not deemed to occur; 
"Valuation Date" means:  
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or Futures 
Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Valuation Date(s) 
and/or the Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index (other than a Component Security 
Index), Share Linked Notes relating to a single Share, ETI Linked Notes relating to a single ETI 
Interest, Debt Linked Notes relating to a single Debt Instrument or Futures Linked Notes relating to 
a single Future, the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not 
a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. In that case, (A) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed 
to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, level, price or amount: 
(I) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes, by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula 
for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the Index (or, if 
an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the

--- Page 171 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
171 
 
 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day); or 
(II) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or Futures Linked 
Notes, in accordance with its good faith estimate of the relevant value, level, price or amount 
as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Component Security Index, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant level for such Component Security Index using the formula for 
and method of calculating such Component Security Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of 
the first Disrupted Day using: 
(I) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption Event on the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, the exchange traded or quoted price of such Component Security 
as of the Valuation Time on the Scheduled Valuation Date; and 
(II) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected Component Security") 
by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled Valuation Date, the exchange traded or 
quoted price for each Affected Component Security on the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day on which no Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to 
the Affected Component Security, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date is a day on which a Market Disruption Event occurs or is 
continuing with respect to the Affected Component Security, in which case, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the value, amount, level or price of such Affected Component Security 
using its good faith estimate of the value, amount, level or price of the relevant Affected 
Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day; and 
the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent determines 
the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the above provisions; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices (other than a Basket of Component 
Security Indices), Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, ETI Linked Notes relating to 
a Basket comprised of ETI Interests, Debt Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Debt Instruments or 
Futures Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Futures, the Valuation Date for each Index, Share, ETI 
Interest, Debt Instrument or Future, as the case may be, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Index, Share, ETI 
Interest, Debt Instrument or Future affected, as the case may be, (each an “Affected Item”) by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the

--- Page 172 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
172 
 
 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (A) the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected 
Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant value, level, price or amount using, in relation to the Affected Item, the value, 
level, price or amount as applicable, determined using: 
(I) 
in the case of an Index, the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using 
the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise 
to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on that last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(II) 
in the case of a Share, ETI Interest, Debt or Future, its good faith estimate of the value, level, 
price or amount for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; or  
(iv) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Component Security Indices, the Valuation 
Date for each Component Security Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the Scheduled Valuation Date, and for each Component Security Index affected (an “Affected 
Item”) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of that 
Component Security Index using the formula for and method of calculating that Component Security 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using: 
(I) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption Event on the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, the exchange traded or quoted price of such Component Security 
as of the Valuation Time on the Scheduled Valuation Date; and 
(II) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an “Affected Component Security”) 
by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled Valuation Date, the exchange traded or 
quoted price for each Affected Component Security on the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day on which no Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to 
the Affected Component Security, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date is a day on which a Market Disruption Event occurs or is 
continuing with respect to the Affected Component Security, in which case, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the value, amount, level or price of such Affected Component Security 
using its good faith estimate of the value, amount, level or price of the relevant Affected 
Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day; and

--- Page 173 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
173 
 
 
the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent determines the 
level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the above provisions; or 
(b) 
in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, the Final Pricing Date, 
“Valuation Time” means: 
(a) 
the Interest Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(b) 
(i) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Composite Index, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (A) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred: (x) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange 
in respect of such Component Security, and (y) in respect of any options contracts or futures 
contracts on such Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (B) in all other 
circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of such Index is calculated and published 
by the Index Sponsor; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to Indices other than Composite Indices, Share Linked 
Notes or ETI Linked Notes unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Strike Date, Valuation Date, Observation 
Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, in relation to each Index, Share or ETI Interest to be 
valued, provided that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the 
specified Interest Valuation Time or Valuation Time, as the case may be, is after the actual closing 
time for its regular trading session, then the Interest Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the 
case may be, shall be such actual closing time; and 
"Weighting" means in respect of any Component comprised in a Basket, the percentage specified in the Final 
Terms. 
4. 
PHYSICAL DELIVERY PROVISIONS 
4.1. 
Settlement Disruption  
If, on the Maturity Date, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement using the method of 
delivery specified in the applicable Final Terms is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event (as 
defined below) having occurred and continuing on any Delivery Date then such Delivery Date for such Notes shall 
be postponed to the first following Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement 
Disruption Event, provided that the relevant Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in 
respect of the relevant Note by delivering the Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable manner as it 
may select and in such event the Delivery Date shall be such day as the relevant Issuer deems appropriate in 
connection with delivery of the Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of 
doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the 
Entitlement, the Delivery Date for the Relevant Assets not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be the

--- Page 174 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
174 
 
 
originally designated Delivery Date. For so long as delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a 
Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, 
the relevant Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy and discharge its obligations in respect of the relevant 
Note by payment to the relevant Noteholder of the Settlement Disruption Amount (as defined below) up to the 5th 
Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices). Payment of the Settlement Disruption Amount will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). The Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) that a Settlement 
Disruption Event has occurred provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the 
validity of any such Settlement Disruption Event. No Noteholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the 
relevant Note in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, if any. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Settlement Disruption Amount" in respect of any relevant Note shall be the fair market value of such Note 
(disregarding, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising 
the Entitlement and such non-affected Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, the value of 
such Relevant Assets), less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
cost to the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (including any cost of funding in respect of such hedging arrangements), all as determined by the 
relevant Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (or, whereas provided above some 
Relevant Assets have been delivered and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata portion); and 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, or, if the provision of Base 
Condition 2.2 (Status of Guarantee) applies, the Guarantor, an event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer or, 
if the provision of Base Condition 2.2 (Status of Guarantee) applies, the Guarantor, as a result of which the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor cannot make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) using the method specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
4.2. 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
"Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity", if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, will be an Optional 
Additional Disruption Event, as described in Base Condition 13.1 (Definitions). 
4.3. 
Issuer`s Option to vary Settlement  
If the applicable Final Terms indicate that the relevant Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of the 
Notes the relevant Issuer may, at its sole and unfettered discretion in respect of each such Note, elect not to pay 
the relevant Noteholders the Final Redemption Amount or not to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement to 
the relevant Noteholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement 
or make payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date to the relevant Noteholders, as the case 
may be. Notification of such election will be given to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices).

--- Page 175 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
175 
 
 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, in respect of each Note, in lieu of delivering or procuring 
the delivery of the Entitlement to the relevant Noteholders, make payment of the Final Redemption Amount on 
the Maturity Date to the relevant Noteholders. 
4.4. 
Intervening Period 
For such period of time after the Maturity Date as the Issuer or any person other than the relevant Noteholder shall 
continue to be the legal owner of the securities or obligations comprising the Entitlement (the "Intervening 
Period"), neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other person shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver 
or procure delivery to any Noteholder or any subsequent beneficial owner any letter, certificate, notice, circular or 
any other document or payment whatsoever received by that person in respect of such securities or obligations, or 
(ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching 
to such securities or obligations during the Intervening Period or (iii) be under any liability to the relevant 
Noteholder in respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder may sustain or suffer as a result, whether 
directly or indirectly, of that person being the legal owner of such securities or obligations. 
4.5. 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount  
Unless Issuer's Option to Substitute is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, notwithstanding 
any provision of these Conditions to the contrary, the Issuer may, in respect of such Notes, if the Calculation Agent 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that the Relevant Asset or Relevant 
Assets, as the case may be, comprise(s) shares or interests in ETIs which are not freely tradable, elect either (a) to 
substitute for the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, an equivalent value (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) of such other shares or 
interests in ETIs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, are freely tradable (the "Substitute Asset" or the "Substitute Assets", as the case may be) or (b) not to 
deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement or the Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, 
to the relevant Noteholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to the relevant Noteholders on the Maturity Date 
of an amount equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement on the Redemption Valuation Date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to such 
sources as it considers appropriate (the "Alternate Cash Amount"). Notification of any such election will be 
given to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
For the purposes hereof, a "freely tradable" share or interest in an ETI shall mean (i) with respect to the United 
States, a share or interest in an ETI, as the case may be, which is registered under the Securities Act or not restricted 
under the Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer of such share or interest in an ETI, as the case 
may be, and not purchased from an Affiliate of the issuer of such share or interest in an ETI, as the case may be, 
or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradable share or interest in an ETI, as the case may be, for 
purposes of the Securities Act, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner or (ii) with respect to any other jurisdiction, a share or interest in an ETI, as the 
case may be, not subject to any legal restrictions on transfer in such jurisdiction. 
4.6. 
Index Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Futures

--- Page 176 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
176 
 
 
Linked Notes and Interest Rate Linked Notes shall not be Physical Delivery Notes.   
4.7. 
FX Settlement Disruption Event 
If (a) FX Settlement Disruption Event Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
the Calculation Agent determines that the FX Settlement Disruption Event is not attributable to the relevant Issuer, 
but substantially alters the economics of the Notes compared to the economics as of the Issue Date and the 
Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Relevant Currency or (b) if FX Settlement 
Disruption Event Determination is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Settlement 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Relevant Currency, "FX Settlement Disruption" will apply, 
and: 
(i) 
If on the second Business Day prior to the Disrupted Settlement Date, the Calculation Agent (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that a FX Settlement Disruption Event has 
occurred and is subsisting, the relevant Issuer shall give notice (a "FX Settlement Disruption Notice") to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter 
and, in any event, prior to the due date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount as the case may be. 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event: 
A. 
the date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount will be postponed to (a) the second Business 
Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a FX Settlement Disruption 
Event is no longer subsisting or if earlier (b) the date falling thirty calendar days following the 
Maturity Date or other scheduled date for payment, as applicable, of the relevant Disrupted Amount 
(the "FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date") which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later 
than the scheduled Maturity Date; and 
B. 
(i) in the case of A(a) above, the relevant Issuer will pay or cause to be paid the relevant Disrupted 
Amount, less (unless FX Settlement Disruption Expenses are indicated as not applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms) FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any), in the Settlement Currency or 
(ii) in the case of A(b) above, in lieu of paying the relevant Disrupted Amount in the Settlement 
Currency, the Issuer will, subject to sub-paragraph (iii) below, convert the relevant Disrupted 
Amount into the FX Settlement Disruption Currency (using the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange 
Rate determined by the Calculation Agent for the relevant Disrupted Settlement Date) and will pay 
or cause to be paid the relevant Disrupted Amount, less (unless FX Settlement Disruption Expenses 
are indicated as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms) FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if 
any), in the FX Settlement Disruption Currency on the FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date; 
(iii) 
If sub-paragraph (ii) A(b) applies, the Calculation Agent will determine the FX Settlement Disruption 
Exchange Rate acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner in accordance with the 
following procedures: 
A. 
the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to 
four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) as determined by or on behalf of the

--- Page 177 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
177 
 
 
Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Settlement Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency 
exchange rates provided by two or more leading dealers on a foreign exchange market (as selected 
by the Calculation Agent) on such day; or 
B. 
if fewer than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid and offer Settlement 
Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency exchange rates on such day, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.  
(iv) 
For the avoidance of doubt:  
A. 
No Interest Period will be adjusted as a result of the postponement of any interest pursuant to this 
Base Condition 4.7; and  
B. 
No additional interest will be paid in respect of any postponement of the relevant due date for 
payment. 
(v) 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this Base Condition 4.7 shall prevent the Issuer from 
determining that an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event has occurred, 
in which case, the provisions of Base Condition 13 (Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional 
Disruption Events) shall prevail in the event of any conflict between this Base Condition 4.7 and Base 
Condition 13 (Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events). 
(vi) 
For these purposes: 
"Disrupted Amount" means any Final Redemption Amount, Interest Amount or other amount payable; 
"Disrupted Settlement Date" means the Maturity Date or any other due date for payment; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Currency" means USD;  
"FX Settlement Disruption Event" means the occurrence of an event which makes it unlawful, impossible or 
otherwise impracticable to pay the relevant Disrupted Amount in the Settlement Currency on the scheduled 
Maturity Date or other date for payment; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange between the Settlement Currency (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the FX Settlement Disruption Currency, determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) above; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" means the sum of (i) the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding 
any hedging arrangements related to the Notes and (ii) any transaction, settlement or other costs and expenses 
arising directly out of the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event or the related payment of the Disrupted 
Amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner;

--- Page 178 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
178 
 
 
"Relevant Currency" means each of Emirati Dirhams ("AED"), Argentinian Pesos ("ARS"), Australian Dollars 
("AUD"), Bermudan Dollars ("BMD"), Bulgarian Leva ("BGN"), Bahraini Dinars ("BHD"), Botswana Pula 
("BWP"), Brazilian Reais ("BRL"), Canadian Dollars ("CAD"), Swiss Francs ("CHF"), Chilean Pesos ("CLP"), 
Chinese Yuan ("CNY"), Czech Republic Korun ("CZK"), Danish Kroner ("DKK"), Great British Pounds 
("GBP"), Ghanian Cedis ("GHS"), Hong Kong Dollars ("HKD"), Hungarian Forints ("HUF"), Indonesian Rupiah 
("IDR"), Israeli Shekels ("ILS"), Icelandic Krónur ("ISK"), Jordanian Dinars ("JOD"), Japanese Yen ("JPY"), 
Kenyan Shillings ("KES"), Kuwaiti Dinars ("KWD"), Kazakhstani Tenges ("KZT"), Lebanese Pounds ("LBP"), 
Moroccan Dirhams ("MAD"), Mauritian Rupees ("MUR"), Mexican Pesos ("MXN"), Malaysian Ringgits 
("MYR"), Namibian Dollars ("NAD"), Nigerian Naira ("NGN"), Norwegian Kroner ("NOK"), New Zealand 
Dollars ("NZD"), Omani Riyals ("OMR"), Peruvian Nuevos Soles ("PEN"), Philippine Pesos ("PHP"), Polish 
Zloty ("PLN"), Qatari Riyals ("QAR"), Romanian Lei ("RON"), Saudi Riyals ("SAR"), Swedish Kronor ("SEK"), 
Singaporean Dollars ("SGD"), Thai Baht ("THB"), Tunisian Dinars ("TND"), Turkish Lire ("TRY") and South 
African Rand ("ZAR"); and "USD" means the lawful currency of the United States of America.  
The use of any Relevant Currency in connection with any Note and any payment in the Relevant Currency made 
by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor under any Note will be subject to compliance with financial sanctions to 
which the Issuers and the Guarantor are subject. 
4.8. 
General 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent shall have any 
responsibility for any errors or omissions in any calculation or determination in respect of the Notes.  
The subscription or purchase of Notes does not confer on any holder of such Notes any rights (whether in respect 
of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
In making any election, modification, determination or adjustment, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, to preserve or restore the economics 
of the agreed terms, as far as reasonably practicable. Any such election, modification, determination or adjustment 
shall not create a significant imbalance between the rights and obligations of the Issuer compared to the 
Noteholders, to the detriment of the Noteholders. 
If “Essential Trigger” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, 
as the case may be, may only modify or adjust the terms of the Notes (other than modifications or adjustments that 
do not relate to essential characteristics of the Notes) or exercise its discretion to redeem the Notes prior to their 
scheduled Maturity Date, as described in the Conditions, following an event or circumstance (or combination of 
events or circumstances) that (a) is not attributable to the Issuer that significantly alters the economics of the Notes 
compared to the economics as of the Issue Date, or (b) constitutes a force majeure. 
For the purpose of this Base Condition 4.8, "essential characteristics" of the Notes means characteristics of the 
Notes that are considered essential to the Noteholders generally, including without limitation the yield (coupon 
structure), the Underlying Reference, the principal protected amount (if any), the identity of the Issuer and of the 
Guarantor and the scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 179 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
179 
 
 
The Issuer shall be under no obligation to register or procure the registration of any Noteholder or any other person 
as the registered holder in respect of any securities or obligations comprised in any Entitlement in the register of, 
as the case may be, inter alia, (i) members of the relevant Share Company as defined in Share Linked Note 
Condition 1 (Definitions) or Fund (if any) or (ii) bondholders of the relevant obligor. 
5. 
ILLEGALITY AND FORCE MAJEURE  
If the relevant Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Notes or that any arrangements 
made to hedge the relevant Issuer's obligations under the Notes have become (i) illegal in whole or in part for any 
reason, or (ii) by reason of a force majeure event (such as an act of God, fire, flood, severe weather conditions, or 
a labour dispute or shortage) or an act of state occurring after the Issue Date, impossible or impracticable, then the 
relevant Issuer may early redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 
(Notices).  
Should any one or more of the provisions or part of any provision contained in these Conditions be or become 
invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions or part of such provision shall not in any way be affected thereby. 
If the relevant Issuer early redeems the Notes pursuant to an illegality then the relevant Issuer will, if and to the 
extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by such holder, 
which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Note, notwithstanding such illegality less, unless Unwind 
Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the relevant Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates or agents of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in 
respect of such hedging arrangements) all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
If the relevant Issuer early redeems the Notes by reason of a force majeure event or an act of state, then the relevant 
Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each 
Note held by such holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the 
applicable force majeure event or act of state, as the case may be, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in respect of such hedging 
arrangements) all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
6. 
PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
6.1 
Purchases and cancellation 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or by tender or 
private treaty. Any Notes so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation, provided that and, 
in the case of a purchase or cancellation of Notes that are CREST Dematerialised Notes, such notes must be 
transferred to the Euroclear Registrar for cancellation.

--- Page 180 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
180 
 
 
6.2 
Specific Buy Back Provisions  
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer not less than 5 Business Days' notice in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) to early redeem the Note before its scheduled maturity, the Issuer may, at its 
sole option, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem in whole or in part such Note paying an amount that can be 
less than par and that is linked to the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions at that moment, together, if 
appropriate, with any accrued but unpaid interest. As specified above, the Issuer has the right, in its sole option, to 
reject the early redemption request and, in particular, if the Issuer never replies to the notice, the Issuer is deemed 
to have rejected the early redemption request. 
If the Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as being applicable to the Notes in the relevant Final Terms, 
prior to the Maturity Date the value of the Notes shall reflect and shall be calculated on the basis of the Market 
Value of the Underlying Transactions. Each of the Issuers may, from time to time, calculate the price of the Notes 
on the basis of the Market Value of such Underlying Transactions and, without prejudice to its obligation to pay 
any amounts due and to perform any non-cash delivery obligations relating to the Notes, in the event that an 
investor requests the relevant Issuer to repurchase the Notes hold by it prior to their maturity, and that Issuer 
accepts such repurchase, the price of the Notes ("Buy Back Price") will be determined taking into consideration 
the Market Value of such Underlying Transactions. 
The Specific Buy Back Provisions shall apply only to (i) Notes issued by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca 
International and/or MBFL and where Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International act as Dealers, and (ii) where 
the Nominal Amount of the Notes is equal to at least Euro 100,000 or its equivalent amount in the Specified 
Currency.  
In addition, if the Specific Buy Back Provisions is specified as being applicable to the Notes in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall pay an additional Interest (the "Extra-Yield") on the Notes. More information on the 
composition of such Interest (unbundling) may be published by each of the Issuers from time to time together with 
the composition of the Underlying Transactions as described below. 
For the purpose of this Base Condition 6.2: 
"Buy-Back Price" means the repurchase price of the Notes to be calculated by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca 
International, acting in their capacity as Calculation Agent with respect to the Notes, on the basis of the Market 
Value of the Underlying Transactions.  
"Market Value" means the close-out amount of the Underlying Transactions, including the relevant bid/ask prices 
for all the Notes and for any possible funding arrangement and/or coupon swap, as determined by Mediobanca 
and/or Mediobanca International, acting in their capacity as Calculation Agent with respect to the Notes, in a fair 
and commercially reasonable manner.  
"Underlying Transactions" means any possible funding arrangement and/or coupon swap and/or any of the 
following funded or unfunded arbitrage-like financial transactions: (i) Cash-CDS Arbitrage, (ii) Index-
Components Arbitrage, and/or (iii) General Funded Arbitrage, where:

--- Page 181 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
181 
 
 
"Cash-CDS Arbitrage" means:  
Long (Short): Cash Instrument + Short (Long): Replicating CDS  
where:  
"Cash Instrument" means any debt obligation (including any obligation issued by Mediobanca or 
Mediobanca International) or basket of debt obligations, under security or loan format, with maturities and 
notionals potentially longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and Nominal Amount of 
the relevant Notes;  
"Replicating CDS" means a credit default swap transaction having similar maturity and principal amount 
of the Cash Instrument, and having as a reference entity the Cash Instrument Issuer and the Cash Instrument 
Guarantor (including the Issuer or the Guarantor or the Issuer's parent or the Issuer's affiliate), or, in the 
case of Cash Instruments that are asset backed obligations or credit linked obligations, any credit entity or 
any credit risk embedded in such Cash Instrument.  
"Index-Components Arbitrage" means:  
Long (Short): Credit Index + Short (Long): CDS Components  
where:  
"Credit Index" means any of the Markit credit default swaps indices, with maturities and notionals 
potentially longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and Nominal Amount of the relevant 
Notes, and any successor and/or replacement index thereof, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Markit iTraxx® and Markit CDXTM indices, as selected by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International, 
acting in their capacity as Calculation Agent with respect to the Notes and in their sole and absolute 
discretion. Credit Index may also be a portfolio of credit default swap tranches summing up to a full capital 
structure, i.e. summing up to any Markit credit default swap index.  
"CDS Components" means a basket of single-name credit default swap transactions having similar 
notional, maturity, coupons and reference entity as the components of the Credit Index. CDS Components 
may also be a portfolio of credit default swap tranches having similar maturity, aggregate notional, 
aggregate coupons and aggregate reference entities as the components of the Credit Index.  
"General Funded Arbitrage" means:  
Long (Short): Asset Instruments + Short (Long): Replicating Derivatives   
where:  
"Asset Instruments" means any instrument (including funds or obligations, also asset-backed) linked to a 
credit, rates, equities, commodities or currencies), with maturities and notionals potentially longer and/or 
higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and Nominal Amount of the relevant Notes.

--- Page 182 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
182 
 
 
“Replicating Derivatives” means any derivative contract with similar maturity and notional as the Asset 
Instruments, and having as underlying the Asset Instrument itself or any of its underlying financial 
instruments. For example: commodity certificate + future (“cash and carry arbitrage”), or convertible 
bond + CDS + equity option (“convertible arbitrage”) 
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International 
acting in their capacity as Calculation Agent with respect to the Notes and in their reasonable discretion and the 
relevant composition is subject to change during the life of the Notes. The composition of the Underlying 
Transaction (including any possible funding arrangement and/or coupon swap) shall be published from time to 
time 
by 
Mediobanca 
or 
Mediobanca 
International 
on 
their 
website 
www.mediobanca.com 
or 
www.mediobancaint.lu, as the case may be, or on the website of Euronext Dublin or on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on any other means of publication, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
7. 
INTEREST 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms the Notes will pay interest amounts. Such interest amounts (i) will be 
calculated on the basis of a fixed rate, or will be a Fixed Interest Amount or Broken Amount, if so specified in the 
Final Terms for that Interest Period (the "Fixed Rate Notes") and/or (ii) will be calculated on the basis of a floating 
rate (the "Floating Rate Notes") and/or (iii) will be calculated by reference to the performance of one or more 
Index, Share, ETI Interest, Debt Instrument, Currency, Commodity, Inflation Index, Fund Share, Future, 
Underlying Interest Rate or any other underlying security or any combination thereof in the manner specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (such Notes, the "Structured Rate Notes"): 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Interest Rate Note will pay Interest Amount(s) on the basis of the following: 
(i) 
if the Fixed Interest Amount or Broken Amount are specified in the Final Terms for an Interest 
Period, the Interest Amount payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be the Fixed Interest 
Amount or Broken Amount so specified; or 
(ii) 
if the Fixed Interest Amount or Broken Amount are not specified in the Final Terms, for an Interest 
Period, the Interest Amount(s) (as defined below) will be paid in respect of each relevant Interest 
Period. The Interest Amount will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms. If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as applying to an Interest Payment Date and any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a 
day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(B) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next

--- Page 183 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
183 
 
 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; 
(C) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date, shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Modified Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the previous calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately following Business Day. 
(b) 
Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest, Interest Periods and Business Day Convention 
Each Floating Rate Note will pay Interest Amount(s) in respect of each relevant Interest Period.  
Interest Amount(s) will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an Interest 
Payment Date(s) and any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date, shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(B) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day;  
(C) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Modified Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the previous calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately following Business Day; 
save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment 
Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue during the period from and 
after scheduled final Interest Payment Date. 
(ii) 
Linear Interpolation

--- Page 184 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
184 
 
 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however 
that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate.  
"Designated Maturity" means in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(iii) 
Interest Rate  
The Interest Rate payable from time to time will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Determination of Interest Rate  
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the Interest Rate 
is to be determined (the "Interest Determination Date"), determine the Interest Rate (subject to 
any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms) for 
the relevant Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will notify the Paying Agent of the Interest Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
(c) 
Structured Rate Note 
(i) 
Interest, Interest Periods and Business Day Convention 
The Interest Amount(s) will be paid in respect of each relevant Interest Period.  
The Interest Amount(s)will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an Interest 
Payment Date and any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or

--- Page 185 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
185 
 
 
(B) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day;  
(C) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Modified Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the previous calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately following Business Day. 
(ii) 
Interest Rate  
The Interest Rate payable from time to time will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and may comprise one or more Additional Coupons determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Determination of Interest Rate  
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the Interest Rate 
is to be determined (the "Interest Determination Date"), determine the Interest Rate (subject to 
any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms) for 
the relevant Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will notify the Paying Agent of the Interest Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination and ISDA Determination 
(i) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which an 
Interest Rate is to be determined, such Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be: 
(A) 
if "Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum 
of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate; 
(B) 
if "Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable (i) the sum 
of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by (ii) the Rate Multiplier; 
(C) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the sum of (i) Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate 
Multiplier,

--- Page 186 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
186 
 
 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be calculated by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
except in the case of Overnight Floating Rate Options, the Designated Maturity is a 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(4) 
if an Overnight Floating Rate Option and an Overnight Rate Compounding Method is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:  
(i) 
OIS Compounding is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(ii) 
compounding with Lookback is applicable if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and if so, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(iii) 
compounding with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and if so, (x) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, (y) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, and 
(z) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(iv) 
compounding with Lockout is applicable if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and if so, (x) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in the ISDA Definitions and (y) Lockout Period Business Days are the 
days specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions;  
(v) 
in each case Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate will be the rate (if 
applicable) as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(5) 
if an Overnight Floating Rate Option and an Overnight Rate Averaging Method is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:  
(i) 
Overnight Averaging is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
Averaging with Lookback is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and, if so, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in

--- Page 187 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
187 
 
 
the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
the ISDA Definitions;  
(iii) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so, (x) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms, (y) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, and 
(z) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iv) 
Averaging with Lockout is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and, if so, (x) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, and (y) Lockout Period Business Days are the 
days specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions ;  
(v) 
In each case Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate will be the rate (if 
applicable) as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(6) 
If an Index Floating Rate Option and an Index Method is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
Compounded Index Method is applicable if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(ii) 
All-in Compounded Index Method is applicable if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift is applicable if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and, if so, (x) Set-in-Advance is 
applicable if specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, (y) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
in the ISDA Definitions and (z) Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
(7) 
in connection with the Index Method, references in the ISDA Definitions to: (A) 
numbers, financial centres or other items specified in the Confirmation shall be 
deemed to be references to the numbers, financial centres or other items specified for 
such purpose in the relevant Final Terms; (B) “Business Day in the financial centres, 
if any, specified for such purpose in the Confirmation” shall be deemed to be 
references to Business Day; (C) “Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references

--- Page 188 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
188 
 
 
to the relevant Interest Period; (D) “Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be 
deemed to be references to Day Count Fraction; (E) “Period End Date” shall be 
deemed to be references to the relevant Interest Payment Date; (F) “Termination Date” 
shall be deemed to be references to the final Interest Payment Date; and (G) “Effective 
Date” shall be deemed to be references to, and the Interest Commencement Date; 
(8) 
Delayed Payment is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms and the relevant 
delay is the number of Business Days specified in respect of Delayed Payment in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(9) 
Section 8.3 (Linear Interpolation) of the ISDA Definitions is deemed to be deleted 
unless “ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(10) 
Section 4.14 (Calculation Agent) shall not apply. 
For the purposes of this Base Condition 7(d), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Swap 
Transaction”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date”, 
“Overnight 
Floating 
Rate 
Option”, 
“Overnight 
Compounding 
Method”, 
“Compounding 
with 
Lookback”, 
“Lookback”, 
“Applicable 
Business 
Days”, 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, “Set-in-Advance”, “Observation 
Period Shift”, “Observation Period Shift Business Days”, “Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days”, “Compounding with Lockout”, “Lockout”, “Lockout Period 
Business Days”, “Daily Capped Rate”, “Daily Floored Rate”, “Averaging with 
Lookback”, “Averaging with Observation Period Shift”, “Averaging with Lockout”, 
“Index Method”, “Index Floating Rate Option”, “Compounded Index Method”, “All-in 
Compounded Index Method” “Compounded Index Method with Observation Shift”, 
and “Delayed Payment” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Reference Rates other than SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
an Interest Rate or Rate is to be determined, such Interest Rate or Rate, as the case may be, for each 
Interest Period will, subject to Base Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), and subject as 
provided below, be either: 
a) 
the offered quotation; or 
b) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Determination Time indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on

--- Page 189 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
189 
 
 
the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of such offered quotations.  
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subparagraph (ii)(a), no offered 
quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or, in the case of subparagraph (ii)(b), fewer than 
three offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the Relevant 
Determination Time, the Issuer shall request (in the case of a determination of EURIBOR) the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of four major banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market, in each 
case selected by the Issuer or as specified in the applicable Final Terms, to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Determination Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date  
For the purpose of this Base Condition 7(d)(ii), "Interest Determination Date", "Margin", 
"Reference Rate", "Relevant Screen Page" and "Relevant Determination Time" shall have the 
same meanings given to those in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Reference Rate being SONIA 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Interest Rate is to be determined and SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Interest Rate or Rate for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Base Condition 7(d)(iii): 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”, with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards: 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in:

--- Page 190 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
190 
 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable). 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day “i” up 
to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the 
date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date which is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable);

--- Page 191 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
191 
 
 
“p” for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as applicable) in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the London 
Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day 
“i"; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms; the relevant London Banking Day “i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference 
Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA 
Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to subject to Base Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Rate 
Replacement), be: 
(A) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which 
a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there 
is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the 
first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was

--- Page 192 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
192 
 
 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors). 
Subject to Base Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), if the Interest Rate or Rate cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Base Condition 7(d)(iii), the Interest 
Rate or Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Reference Rate being SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Interest Rate or Rate is to be determined and SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate or Rate for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Base Condition 7(d)(iv): 
“Benchmark” means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily SOFR, as 
determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set 
out in this Base Condition 7(d)(iv). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining Compounded 
SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR 
rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days 
that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar 
days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation 
hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions below will apply. 
“Business Day” means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not 
a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Business Day Centre(s) and is not a date on which 
banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed;

--- Page 193 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
193 
 
 
“Compounded SOFR” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Securities are due and payable); 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S.

--- Page 194 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
194 
 
 
Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and including, the 
date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day in such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, 
but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities become due and payable); 
“p” for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift 
Period” (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SOFR” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New 
York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(ii) 
subject to the provisions below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was 
published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or any successor source; 
“SOFRi” means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i"; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i"; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities.

--- Page 195 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
195 
 
 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Issuer shall use the fallback provisions formally recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body with reference to the Benchmark. If such recommendation is not available, the 
following provisions should apply.  
The Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to 
the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the 
right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this section, 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 
action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided that if 
the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the 
published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then 
“Benchmark” shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-

--- Page 196 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
196 
 
 
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, 
or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the 
then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing 
and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, 
and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption 
of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if 
the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement 
exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of 
(a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) 
the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination;

--- Page 197 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
197 
 
 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark 
is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not 
Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 198 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
198 
 
 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this Base Condition 7(d)(iv) will 
be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of 
CREST Dematerialised Notes), the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Base Condition 16 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date on which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST 
Dematerialised Notes), of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear 
Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Benchmark 
Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the 
specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Base Condition 7(d)(iv); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
If the Interest Rate or Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Base Condition 7(d)(iv), the Interest Rate or Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest 
Period). 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination for Reference Rate being €STR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Interest Rate or Rate is to be determined and €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate or Rate for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Base Condition 7(d)(v): 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the

--- Page 199 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
199 
 
 
calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“D” means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360); 
“do” means the number of TARGET Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the “€STR reference rate”, in respect of any TARGET Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Day as provided by the European Central Bank 
as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the 
European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or 
provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Day immediately following such TARGET Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or 
determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European 
Central Bank or the successor administrator of such rate); 
“€STRi” means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
TARGET Day falling “p” TARGET Days prior to the relevant TARGET Day “i"; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant TARGET Day “i”.

--- Page 200 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
200 
 
 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant TARGET Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Day in such period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET Day “i” up to (but excluding) 
the following TARGET Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and including) the 
date falling “p” TARGET Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
date falling “p” TARGET Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable; and 
“p” for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
TARGET Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as applicable) in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Subject to Base Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), if, where any Interest Rate or Rate 
is to be calculated pursuant to this Base Condition 7(d)(v), in respect of any TARGET Day in respect 
of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR reference rate 
is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Day shall 
be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Day in respect of which €STR reference 
rate was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Subject to Base Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), if the Interest Rate or Rate cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Base Condition 7(d)(iv), the 
Interest Rate or Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, 
in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Notes 
for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled

--- Page 201 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
201 
 
 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination for Reference Rate being SARON 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Interest Rate is to be determined and SARON is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Interest Rate or Rate for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SARON plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Base Condition 7(d)(vi): 
“Compounded Daily SARON”, with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards: 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of SIX Business Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant SIX Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first SIX Business Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or

--- Page 202 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
202 
 
 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
(iii) 
to, and including, the last SIX Business Day in such period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p SIX 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p SIX 
Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable). 
“SIX Business Day” or “SIXBD” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) which is not 
marked as currency holiday for CHF in the Trading & Currency Holiday Calendar published by SIX 
Swiss Exchange; 
“ni” for any SIX Business Day “i”, in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such SIX Business Day “i” up to, 
but excluding, the following SIX Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the 
date falling “p” SIX Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest 
Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, 
the date which is p SIX Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling p SIX Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable); 
“p” for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of SIX Business 
Day specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as applicable) in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“SARON Reference Rate” means, in respect of any SIX Business Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Swiss Average Rate Overnight (“SARON”) rate for such SIX Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SARON to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised 
distributors) on the SIX Business Day immediately following such SIX Business Day; and 
“SARONi” means the SARON Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the SIX 
Business Day falling “p” SIX Business Days prior to the relevant SIX Business Day “i"; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms; the relevant SIX Business Day “i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SARON only 
compounds the SARON Reference Rate in respect of any SIX Business Day. The SARON Reference

--- Page 203 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
203 
 
 
Rate applied to a day that is a non- SIX Business Day will be taken by applying the SARON Reference 
Rate for the previous SIX Business Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any SIX Business Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SARON Reference Rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SARON Reference Rate shall, subject to subject to Base Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Rate 
Replacement), be the SARON Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding SIX Business Day on which 
the SARON Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors). 
Subject to Base Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement), if the Interest Rate or Rate cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Base Condition 7(d)(vi), the Interest 
Rate or Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Reference Rate being CMS Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
an Interest Rate or Rate is to be determined, and CMS is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Interest Rate or Rate, for each Interest Period will, subject to Base 
Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Rate Replacement) below and subject as provided below, be the CMS 
Rate multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, if any, plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the relevant Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and provided that the Interest Rate or Rate may not be less than zero.  
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each of the CMS Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Determination Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the 
CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate

--- Page 204 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
204 
 
 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial basis as considered 
appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market 
practice. 
For the purpose of this Base Condition 7(d)(vii): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Relevant Currency 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Determination Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Relevant Currency is Euro, the principal office of 
five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Relevant Currency is Sterling, the 
principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where 
the Relevant Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading 
swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Relevant 
Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant 
Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Designated Maturity", "Interest Determination Date(s)", "Margin", "Rate Multiplier", 
"Relevant Currency", "Relevant Screen Page" and "Relevant Determination Time" shall have 
the meanings given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(1) 
where the Relevant Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the 
basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated 
on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a 
term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count 
basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market 
practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(2) 
where the Relevant Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify otherwise, 
the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
"Representative Amount" means any amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
(e) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate

--- Page 205 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
205 
 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Interest Rate in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
Base Condition 7(b)(ii), Base Condition 7(b)(iii), Base Condition 7(c)(ii) or Base Condition 7(d) (as 
appropriate) is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be 
such Minimum Interest Rate.  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Interest Rate in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
Base Condition 7(b)(ii), Base Condition 7(b)(iii), Base Condition 7(c)(ii) or Base Condition 7(d) (as 
appropriate) is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Interest Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Interest Rate and Interest Amount 
After the Relevant Determination Time on each Interest Determination Date or such other time on such 
date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Interest, obtain any quote or make any 
determination or calculation, it will, promptly, determine the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amount 
for the relevant Interest Period, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case 
may be, and cause the Interest Rate and the Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST 
Dematerialised Notes), the relevant Issuer, the Paying Agent, the holders of the Notes, any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Notes which is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, 
such exchange promptly after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of an Interest Rate and Interest Amount, 
or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. The Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
(g) 
Calculation Agent  
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions 
to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails 
duly to establish the Interest Rate for any Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amount or any other 
requirements, the relevant Issuer will appoint the London office of a leading bank engaged in the London 
interbank market to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(h) 
Interest in case of early redemption

--- Page 206 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
206 
 
 
(i) 
The Interest Amount on each Note will be paid on any Interest Payment Date indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms unless such Note is early redeemed or an Interest Barrier Event, indicated as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, has occurred;  
(ii) 
In case a Note is early redeemed during an Interest Period (and no Interest Barrier Event has 
previously occurred), (i) if the applicable Final Terms specify that Interest to Redemption is 
applicable, the relevant Interest Amount relating to such Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent for each such Note as if the Interest Period ended on, and included, the due date 
of early redemption, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that Interest to Redemption is not applicable, no Interest Amount will be payable in respect 
of such Interest Period; 
(iii) 
In case an Interest Barrier Event has occurred prior to an early redemption or cancellation, the Base 
Condition 7(j) below will apply; 
Unless, (and subject to an Interest Barrier Event, if applicable, not having occurred) payment of the amount 
and/or delivery of any Entitlement due is improperly withheld or refused or unless default is otherwise 
made in respect of the payment or delivery in which case additional interests shall be considered as if 
accrued from the date such amount or delivery of such Entitlement was due until such amount or delivery 
of such Entitlement is paid or delivered, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt, no interests on the 
Notes shall accrue beyond the Maturity Date in the event that delivery of any Entitlement is postponed due 
to the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event. 
(i) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to this Base Condition 7 (unless otherwise specified), 
(i) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (ii) all figures will be rounded to seven 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (iii) all currency amounts which fall due and payable 
will be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of 
Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Yen. For these purposes "unit" means, with respect to 
any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, means one cent. 
(j) 
Interest Barrier Events  
(i) 
In the event that the relevant Final Terms specify that the Interest Barrier Event is applicable and an 
Interest Barrier Event has occurred, then: 
(a) 
if "No Further Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, 
notwithstanding any other provisions to the contrary in this Base Condition 7, on the 
immediately following Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount payable will be the 
amount calculated in accordance with the definition of Interest Amount below, provided that 
for the purposes of the definition of "Day Count Fraction", the Interest Period will be deemed

--- Page 207 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
207 
 
 
to have ended on, and included, the date on which the Interest Barrier Event occurred; or  
(b) 
if "No Further Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as not applicable, on the 
immediately following Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount payable will be the 
amount calculated in accordance with the definition of Interest Amount below. 
In each case, thereafter, there will be no further Interest Payment Dates and no further Interest 
Amounts payable with respect to the Notes. 
(ii) 
In the event that the relevant Final Terms specify that the Interest Barrier Event is applicable and 
"No Interest for Interest Period" is applicable and an Interest Barrier Event occurs, no Interest 
Amount will be payable on the next following Interest Payment Date.  
(k) 
Interest Payment Condition 
In the event that the relevant Final Terms specify that the Interest Payment Condition is applicable, then 
the Interest Amount shall only be payable on the relevant Interest Payment Dates upon the occurrence of 
the Interest Payment Condition. 
(l) 
Coupon Switch 
If Coupon Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
(i) 
if Coupon Switch Election is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may 
elect that the Interest Rate, in respect of the Notes will be amended (a "Coupon Switch") from the 
Pre-Switch Coupon specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Post-Switch Coupon specified in 
the applicable Final Terms on and after the Coupon Switch Date; or 
(ii) 
if Automatic Coupon Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Automatic Coupon Switch Event occurs, the Interest Rate, in respect of the Notes will be amended 
(a "Coupon Switch") from the Pre-Switch Coupon specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Post-Switch Coupon specified in the applicable Final Terms on and after the Coupon Switch Date 
immediately following the MFP ACS Valuation Date or MFP ACS Valuation Period, as applicable, 
on which the Automatic Coupon Switch Event occurs. 
If Additional Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, following the 
occurrence of a Coupon Switch, an Additional Switch Coupon Amount will be payable on the Additional 
Switch Coupon Payment Date. The "Additional Switch Coupon Amount" in respect of each Notes will 
be the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the Additional 
Switch Coupon Amount will only be paid on the single Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date.  
Notice of any Coupon Switch will be given to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
"Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, which such date must be an Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 208 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
208 
 
 
"Automatic Coupon Switch Event" means that: 
(i) 
the MFP ACS Value is (a) "greater than", (b) "equal to or greater than", (c) "less than" (d) "less than 
or equal to", the Automatic Coupon Switch Level or (e) "within" the Automatic Coupon Switch 
Range Level, or (f) "outside" the Automatic Coupon Switch Range Level, in each case as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (x) on a MFP ACS Valuation Date or (y) in respect of a MFP ACS 
Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
if MFP Digital Coupon or MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and Target Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or the MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon 
Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied is equal to or greater than the Automatic Coupon 
Switch Level as of a MFP ACS Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
if MFP Digital Coupon or MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and Target Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Cumulative ACS Coupon is equal to or greater than the Automatic Coupon Switch Level as of a 
MFP ACS Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Coupon Switch Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms;  
"Automatic Coupon Switch Range Level" means the range of levels specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions;  
"Coupon Switch Date" means each date specified as such or determined pursuant to the provisions in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
"Cumulative ACS Coupon" means, in respect of a MFP ACS Valuation Date, (a) the sum of the values 
calculated for each Interest Period preceding the Current ACS Interest Period as the product of (i) the 
Interest Rate and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in each case for 
such Interest Period, plus (b) the product of (i) the Interest Rate and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in each case for the Current ACS Interest Period; 
"Current ACS Interest Period" means, in respect of a MFP ACS Valuation Date, the Interest Period 
during which such MFP ACS Valuation Date falls; 
"MFP ACS Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance 
Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for 
MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 209 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
209 
 
 
"MFP ACS Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date, Calculation Date, Underlying 
Interest Determination Date, Settlement Price Date and/or each day, all specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
"MFP ACS Valuation Period" means each period specific as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(m) 
Benchmark Rate Replacement 
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated Note referencing for which the Reference Rate is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being SOFR, notwithstanding the provisions in this Base Condition 7, if the 
Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Interest Rate and the Interest Amount(s)) that (i) determines a Benchmark 
Rate Event has occurred and (ii) the relevant Benchmark Event Effective Date will fall on or prior to the day 
which would have been (but for the occurrence of the Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date) an Interest 
Determination Date in respect of the relevant Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
in respect of each Interest Period commencing on or after the Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date, 
the Reference Rate will be substituted by the Successor Rate (as adjusted in accordance with the 
Adjustment Spread, if any) for determining the Interest Rate and the Interest Amount(s) due in respect 
of each such Interest Period; 
(2) 
the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Interest Rate and the Interest Amount(s)) will 
determine the adjustments (if any) to be made to the provisions of the Notes as it deems necessary 
in order the Successor Rate to be used for determining the Interest Rate and the Interest Amount(s) 
due under the Notes; 
(3) 
the Issuer shall promptly and, in any case prior to the Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date, give 
notice to the Noteholders of the relevant Benchmark Rate Event, the Successor Rate and the 
adjustments (if any) made according to the sub-paragraph (2) above, in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices); and 
(4) 
if the relevant Benchmark Rate Event may also constitute an Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent pursuant to Base Condition 13.1, the provisions of this Base 
Condition 7(m) will apply. 
For the purposes of this Base Condition 7(m): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, which the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Interest Rate and the Interest 
Amount(s))), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to

--- Page 210 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
210 
 
 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate; or 
(ii) 
in absence of any recommendation by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Interest Rate and the Interest Amount(s)) determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate; or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer (in consultation with 
the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible 
for calculating the Interest Rate and the Interest Amount(s)) determines (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate for the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate. 
"Benchmark Rate Event" means that in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the administrator of that Reference Rate, or a person acting on behalf of that administrator, has 
issued a public statement, or has published information, in which it is announced that that 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide that Reference Rate or certain tenors for which that 
Reference Rate is calculated and which correspond to the Interest Periods, permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the issuance of the statement or the publication of the 
information, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide that Reference Rate or 
that tenor; or 
(ii) 
the competent authority for the administrator of that Reference Rate or any entity with insolvency 
or resolution authority over such administrator has issued a public statement, or has published 
information, in which it is stated that the administrator has ceased or will cease to provide that 
Reference Rate or certain tenors for which that Reference Rate is calculated and which correspond 
to the Interest Periods, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the issuance of the 
statement or the publication of the information, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide that Reference Rate or that tenor; or 
(iii) 
the competent authority for the administrator of that Reference Rate has issued a public statement, 
or has published information, in which it is announced that that Reference Rate is no longer, or as 
of a specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic 
reality that Reference Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; 
or 
(iv) 
it has or will become unlawful (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable) for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any

--- Page 211 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
211 
 
 
Noteholder using that Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date” means, in respect of a Benchmark Event: 
(i) 
the first day on which the Reference Rate or the relevant tenor is no longer published or provided, 
if the Benchmark Rate Event occurred consists in one of the events or circumstances described in 
sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Rate Event”; or 
(ii) 
the first day on which the Reference Rate is no longer representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality that Reference Rate is intended to measure (even if the Reference Rate continues 
to be published or provided), if the Benchmark Rate Event occurred consists in the issuance or 
publication of the statement or information under sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Rate Event”; or 
(iii) 
the first day on which in no longer lawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference 
Rate, if the Benchmark Rate Event occurred consists in the event under sub-paragraph (iv) of the 
definition of “Benchmark Rate Event”. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark 
rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference 
Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate in relation to which a Benchmark Rate Event has 
occurred, the rate formally designated, nominated or recommended as the replacement rate for that 
Reference Rate by the administrator of such Reference Rate or any Relevant Nominating Body in the most 
recent statement or publication preceding the relevant Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date, provided that, 
in presence of two or more rates each of which has been formally designated, nominated or recommended 
by the administrator of such Reference Rate or any Relevant Nominating Body as a replacement rate for 
that Reference Rate, the Replacement Rate will be one of such rates as selected by the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible 
for calculating the Interest Rate and the Interest Amount(s)). Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, in case of occurrence of a Benchmark Rate Event in respect of “EURIBOR”, according to the 
recommendations published on 11 May 2021 by the Working Group on euro risk free rates on EURIBOR 
fallback trigger events and €STR-based EURIBOR fallback rates (the “2021 WG Recommendations”), 
the Replacement Rate for such rate will be (provided that the 2021 WG Recommendations are not

--- Page 212 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
212 
 
 
superseded or replaced by any subsequent statement or publication by the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate of any Nomination Body) €STR. 
(n) 
Definitions 
"Banking Day(s)" means a day which is both a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London, Milan, Paris, New York and Luxembourg and a TARGET Day. 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"CMS" means the constant maturity swap rate specified as such in the Final Terms.  
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "1/1" is specified, 1; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(c) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means:  
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it 
falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and  
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of  
A. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and  
B. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and 
(2) the number of Regular Periods in any year;  
(d) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 365;

--- Page 213 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
213 
 
 
(e) 
if "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which 
payment is being made divided by 360;  
(f) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day  
Count 
Fraction = [360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
360 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;  
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day  
Count 
Fraction = [360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
360 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;  
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 214 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
214 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(h) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which 
payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day  
Count 
Fraction = [360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
360 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;  
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Termination Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Fixed Interest Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the Final Terms) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., a copy of which is available on the website of the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (https://www.isda.org/). 
"Margin" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that:

--- Page 215 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
215 
 
 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such member state of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is selected (in the case of 
a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent. 
"Rate Multiplier" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Record Date(s)" is the day indicated in the relevant Final Terms on which the person shown in the records 
of the relevant Clearing System as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note has the right to receive 
payment of the relevant Interest Amount on the relevant Interest Payment Date(s). 
"Reference Banks" means, the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
(or, if the Relevant Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by Issuer. 
"Reference Price" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate Multiplier" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where Interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but 
excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, Interest is scheduled to be paid only 
by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the 
year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, Interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the 
day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest 
Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period.  
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" means:  
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes, Index Linked Note Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and Index 
Linked Note Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index);

--- Page 216 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
216 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes, Share Linked Note Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Share 
Linked Note Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share Linked Note Condition 5 
(Extraordinary Events); 
(c) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes, ETI Linked Note Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and ETI Linked 
Note Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events); 
(d) 
in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Note Condition 2 (Market Disruption) 
Commodity Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and a Disruption 
Fallbacks) and Commodity Linked Note Condition 4 (Adjustments to a Commodity Index);  
(e) 
in the case of Currency Linked Notes, Currency Linked Note Condition 2 (Disruption Events), 
Currency Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event);  
(f) 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes, Fund Linked Note Condition 4 (Consequences of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event); 
(g) 
in the case of Futures Linked Notes, Futures Linked Note Condition 3 (Adjustments to a Future); 
and 
(h) 
in the case of Debt Linked Notes, Debt Linked Note Condition 3 (Market Disruption), Debt Linked 
Note Condition 4 (Correction of Debt Instrument Price) and Debt Linked Note Condition 5 
(Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Intrument);  
"Relevant Determination Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in 
the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, the local time 
in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of 
deposits in the relevant currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre provided that if 
the relevant currency is Euro and the Benchmark is EURIBOR, the Relevant Determination Time shall be 
11.00 am Brussels time. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any floating rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Reference Rate is most closely connected or, if 
none is so connected, London. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service (including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the 
relevant Final Terms for the purpose of providing a Reference Rate, or such other page, section, caption, 
column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other information service, in 
each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate. 
"Interest Amount" means, in respect of each Note and an Interest Period, one of the following amounts:

--- Page 217 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
217 
 
 
(a) 
if the Notes are indicated as Fixed Rate Notes in the relevant Final Terms and the Fixed Interest 
Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the Final Terms for that Interest Period, the Interest 
Amount payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be the Fixed Interest Amount or Broken 
Amount so specified; 
(b) 
if the Notes are indicated as Fixed Rate Notes in the relevant Final Terms and the Fixed Interest 
Amount or Broken Amount is not specified in the Final Terms, the Interest Amount payable on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying 
the Interest Rate to the Nominal Amount of each Note and, if a Day Count Fraction is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and 
rounding such amount in accordance with Base Condition 7(i) (Rounding). If the resulting amount 
is not an amount in the Settlement Currency it will be converted into the Settlement Currency at the 
Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
if the Notes are indicated as Floating Rate Notes in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount 
payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by applying the relevant Interest Rate to the Nominal Amount of such Note and multiplying 
such amount by the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms and rounding such 
amount in accordance with Base Condition 7(i) (Rounding). If the resulting amount is not an amount 
in the Settlement Currency it will be converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(d) 
if the Notes are indicated as Structured Rate Notes in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount 
payable on each Note on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by applying the Interest Rate to the Nominal Amount of such Note and, if a Day 
Count Fraction is specified in the applicable Final Terms, multiplying such amount by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms and rounding such amount in accordance 
with Base Condition 7(i) (Rounding). If the resulting amount is not an amount in the Settlement 
Currency it will be converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Barrier Event" means that the Settlement Price is (a) "greater than", (b) "equal to or greater 
than", (c) "less than" (d) "less than or equal to", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest 
Barrier Level (x) on an Interest Barrier Observation Date or (y) in respect of an Interest Barrier Observation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms at any time during the relevant Interest Barrier 
Observation Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Barrier Level" is as defined in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Barrier Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Debt 
Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes, a Commodity Business Day (in respect of Commodity Linked Notes), 
a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Notes) or Business Day (in the case of other Notes), as

--- Page 218 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
218 
 
 
applicable, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Fund Business Day or 
Business Day, as applicable, unless, in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Commodity 
Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such 
day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or ETI 
Linked Notes, a Market Disruption Event is occurring on such day (in respect of Commodity Linked Notes). 
If any such day is a Disrupted Day, a day on which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, as applicable, 
then the corresponding provisions in the definition of "Valuation Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were to "Interest Barrier Observation Date" or (in the 
case of Commodity Linked Notes) if any such day is a day on which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, 
then the provisions of "Pricing Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provision to 
"Pricing Date" were to "Interest Barrier Observation Date". For the purposes of the Relevant Adjustment 
Provisions, any references to "Valuation Date" shall be deemed to refer to the "Interest Barrier Observation 
Date"; 
"Interest Barrier Observation Period" means the period indicated in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Payment Condition" means the occurrence of one of the following events: 
(i) 
the Settlement Price is equal to and/or exceeds the Interest Payment Condition Level on an Interest 
Payment Condition Observation Date or at any time during the Interest Payment Condition 
Observation Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Settlement Price is equal to and/or falls below the Interest Payment Condition Level on an 
Interest Payment Condition Observation Date or at any time during the Interest Payment Condition 
Observation Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
any other event or condition described in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iv) 
if the Notes are Leveraged Notes, the Reference Level is equal to and/or exceeds the Interest 
Payment Condition Level on an Interest Payment Condition Observation Date. 
Where: 
"Reference Level" means: 
Reference Level0 × (1 + Participation Factor × (Fund Levelt - Fund Level0 ) / Fund Level0 - 
(Participation Factor-1) × Feest)  
"Reference Level0" means the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the Final Terms. 
"Fund Level0" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the Fixing

--- Page 219 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
219 
 
 
Date.  
"Fund Levelt" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Condition Observation Date, the Settlement 
Price of the relevant Underlying Reference (s) as of the Calculation Date immediately preceding 
such Interest Payment Condition Observation Date. 
"Fixing Date" means the Calculation Date immediately preceding the First Calculation Date.  
"Calculation Date" means each day on which the Settlement Price is calculated and published.  
"First Calculation Date" means each day which is a Fund Business Day. 
"Feest" means the cumulative leverage fee, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as the aggregate sum of the Fees Accrued during each Fees Accrual Period. 
"Fees Accrued" means, in respect of a Fee Accrual Period, the fees accrued during such period, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(Fee ISDA Rate + Fee Margin) × Day Count Fraction 
"Fee ISDA Rate" means the floating rate determined according to the ISDA Determination under 
Base Condition 7(d)(i) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fee Margin" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fee Accrual Period(s)" means the periods commencing on (and including) the Fee Accrual 
Commencing Date up to (but excluding) the first Fee Accrual Date and each subsequent period 
commencing on (and including) a Fee Accrual Date up to (but excluding) the next following Fee 
Accrual Date. For the purposes of this Base Condition 7 and in relation to an Interest Payment 
Condition Observation Date, the last Fee Accrual Period shall be deemed to end on (but excluding) 
the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Interest Payment Condition Observation Date. 
"Fee Accrual Commencing Date" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fee Accrual Date(s)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Payment Condition Level" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Payment Condition Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share 
Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes, a Commodity Business Day (in respect of 
Commodity Linked Notes), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Notes) or Business Day (in 
the case of other Notes), as applicable, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business 
Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as applicable, unless, in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share

--- Page 220 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
220 
 
 
Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked 
Notes, Debt Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes, a Market Disruption Event is occurring on such day (in 
respect of Commodity Linked Notes). If any such day is a Disrupted Day, a day on which a Market 
Disruption Event is occurring, as applicable, then the corresponding provisions in the definition of 
"Valuation Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were 
to "Interest Payment Condition Observation Date" or (in the case of Commodity Linked Notes) if any such 
day is a day on which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, then the provisions of "Pricing Date" shall 
apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provision to "Pricing Date" were to "Interest Payment 
Condition Observation Date". For the purposes of the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, any references to 
"Valuation Date" shall be deemed to refer to the "Interest Payment Condition Observation Date"; 
"Interest Payment Condition Observation Period" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Payment Date(s)" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period commencing on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each period commencing on (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date to (but excluding) the next following Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Rate" means the Rate, the Rate(i), the Rate 1(i), the Rate 2(i), as indicated in applicable Final Terms 
or the rate calculated according to the Formulas Condition 5.1 (Interest Rates Formulas);  
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"T2" means the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
"TARGET Day" means any day on which the T2 is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
8. 
REDEMPTION OF NOTES 
8.1. 
Maturity Date 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer 
on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to the Maturity Date and if 
the Maturity Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: 
(a) 
the Following Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day; or

--- Page 221 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
221 
 
 
(b) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the 
Maturity Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(c) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(d) 
the Modified Preceding Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the previous calendar month, in which 
event such Maturity Date shall be brought forward to the immediately following Business Day. 
8.2. 
Cash Settlement 
If the Notes, are specified in the relevant Final Terms to be Cash Settled Notes ("Cash Settled Notes"), each such 
Note entitles its holder to receive from the relevant Issuer on the Maturity Date the Final Redemption Amount, 
less any Expenses not already paid. 
8.3. 
Physical Settlement  
If the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to be Physical Settled Notes ("Physical Delivery Notes"), 
each such Note entitles its holder, subject to the provisions of Base Condition 4 (Physical Delivery Provisions) 
and, where “Physical Settlement according to Base Condition 12.1” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, Base Condition 12.1 (Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice Requirement), to receive from the 
relevant Issuer on the Maturity Date the Entitlement, subject to payment of any Expenses. The method of delivery 
of the Entitlement is set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, Notes of the same Noteholder automatically redeemed 
and, where “Physical Settlement according to Base Condition 12.1” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of which a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice (as defined below) has been duly given 
as provided in Base Condition 12.1 (Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice Requirement), will be aggregated for 
the purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Notes, provided that the aggregate 
Entitlements in respect of the same Noteholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant 
Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not be 
delivered and a cash adjustment amount calculated by the Calculation Agent will be paid in lieu of such fractions 
of the Relevant Asset. Any such cash adjustment amount will be paid (i) where “Physical Settlement according to 
Base Condition 12.1” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the account specified in the 
relevant Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice and (ii) where “Alternative Physical Settlement” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Following exercise of a Share Linked Note or ETI Linked Note which is a Physical Delivery Note, all dividends 
on the relevant Shares to be delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend according to 
market practice for a sale of the Shares or ETI Interests executed on the Maturity Date and to be delivered in the 
same manner as such relevant Shares or ETI Interests, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Any such

--- Page 222 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
222 
 
 
dividends to be paid to a Noteholder will be paid (i) where “Physical Settlement according to Base Condition 12.1” 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the account specified by the Noteholder in the relevant 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice as referred to in Base Condition 12.1 and (ii) where “Alternative Physical 
Settlement” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
8.4. 
This section is intentionally left blank 
8.5. 
Automatic Early Redemption  
This Base Condition 8.5 applies to Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes, ETI Linked 
Notes, Currency Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Futures Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes and, if FI 
Underlying Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Interest 
Linked Notes only. 
(a) 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on (i) any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early  Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in 
whole, but not in part, and on the Automatic Early Redemption Date each Note will entitle its holder to 
receive from the Issuer the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount or, in case of Physical Delivery 
Notes, the Early Redemption Entitlement, as the case may be, less any Expenses not already paid. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding Base Condition 8.5(a), an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may only occur on an 
AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Period and an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only occur on an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date or in 
respect of an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period. 
(c) 
Definitions relating to Automatic Early Redemption: 
"AER Event 1 Underlying(s)" means the Underlying Reference or each Underlying Reference comprising 
the Basket, in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Event 2 Underlying(s)" means the Underlying References or each Underlying Reference 
comprising the Basket, in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Knock-out" means the occurrence (such date of occurrence, the AER Knock-out Date) of a Knock-
out Event and/or a Knock-in Event as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Margin" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
"AER Range Level" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth 
in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable;

--- Page 223 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
223 
 
 
"AER Range Level 1" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"AER Range Level 2" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"AER Rate(s)" means the rate(s) specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the applicable 
Final Terms with reference to each Automatic Early Redemption Date; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out, an amount equal to the product of (i) the 
Nominal Amount in respect of such Note and (ii) the sum of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage and the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date provided that if 
the Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on settlement of the Note 
pursuant to this Base Condition. If the Automatic Early Redemption Amount is not an amount in the 
Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, it will be converted into the Settlement 
Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means (i) if Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout, FI 
Underlying Automatic Early Redemption Payout or FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption Payout is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Payment Date immediately following the 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date on which an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, or, 
otherwise, (ii) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if such date is not a Business 
Day, the next following Business Day, and no Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or further payment 
in respect of such delay; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means: 
(a) 
if Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the Cumulative Interest (i) is equal to or greater than or (ii) greater than or (iii) equal to 
or less than or (iv) less than, the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage; 
(b) 
if FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that: 
(i) 
(in respect of an Underlying Reference (other than an Alternative Currency)) the Underlying 
Reference Level is; or 
(ii) 
(in respect of an Alternative Currency), the FX Coupon Performance determined by the 
Calculation Agent is

--- Page 224 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
224 
 
 
equal to or greater than the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 and (ii) less than or equal to the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level 2; 
(c) 
if FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the product of (i) the Interest Rate and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case in respect 
of the Current Interest Period is equal to or greater than the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage;  
(d) 
if Standard Automatic Early Redemption and MFP AER Valuation are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that: 
(i) 
the MFP AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is (aa) "greater than", 
(bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than", (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic 
Early Redemption Level 1, or (ee) "within" the AER Range Level, or (ff) "outside" the AER 
Range Level 1, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 1"); and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms)  
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the MFP AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 2 Underlying(s) is (aa) "greater 
than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than", (dd) "less than or equal to" the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level 2 or (ee) "within" the AER Range Level, (ff) "outside" 
the AER Range Level 2, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 2");  
(e) 
if Standard Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and MFP AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms that: 
(i) 
(A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Reference Level 1 or (B) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Basket Price 1 is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal 
to", (cc) "less than", (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1, or 
(ee) "within" the AER Range Level, or (ff) "outside" the AER Range Level 1, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 1"); and/or (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms)  
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Underlying Reference Level 2 or (B) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Basket Price 2 is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or 
equal to", (cc) "less than", (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 
2, or (ee) "within" the AER Range Level, (ff) "outside" the AER Range Level 2, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 2"); 
(f) 
if Single Standard Automatic Early Reedemption and MFP AER Valuation are specified as

--- Page 225 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
225 
 
 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the MFP AER Value is (aa) "greater than", (bb) 
"greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than", (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early 
Redemption Level, or (ee) "within" the AER Range Level, or (ff) "outside" the AER Range Level, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(g) 
if Single Standard Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and MFP AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms that (A) 
in the case of a single Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Level or (B) in the case of 
a Basket of Underlying References, the Basket Price is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or 
equal to", (cc) "less than" (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level, or 
(ee) "within" the AER Range Level, (ff) "outside" the AER Range Level, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(h) 
if AER Knock-out is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an AER Knock-out occurs;  
(i) 
if Leveraged Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
that the Reference Level is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or 
(dd) "less than or equal to" the Leveraged Barrier, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(j) 
if MFP Digital Coupon or MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and MFP Target Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or the MFP Memory 
Snowball Digital Coupon Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied is equal to or greater 
than the Automatic Early Redemption Level as of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date;  
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level 1" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level 2" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage(s)" means the percentage(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms with reference to each Automatic Early Redemption Date; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means (i) the AER Knock-out Date or (ii) each date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (including the AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and AER 
2 Redemption Valuation Date (if any)) or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index 
Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes), a Commodity Business Day

--- Page 226 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
226 
 
 
(in respect of Commodity Linked Notes), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Notes) or 
Business Day (in the case of other Notes), as applicable, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, 
Commodity Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as applicable, unless, in the case of Index 
Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes, 
Share Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes, a or a Market Disruption Event is occurring 
on such day (in respect of Commodity Linked Notes). If any such day is a Disrupted Day, or (except in the 
case of Commodity Linked Notes) a day on which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, as applicable, 
then the corresponding provisions in the definition of "Valuation Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" 
or (in the case of Commodity Linked Notes) if any such day is a day on which a Market Disruption Event 
is occurring, then the provisions of "Pricing Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such 
provision to "Pricing Date" were to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date". For the purposes of the 
Relevant Adjustment Provisions, any references to "Valuation Date" shall be deemed to refer to the 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date";  
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period (including the AER 1 Redemption 
Valuation Period and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period (if any)) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Basket of Underlying References" means, for the purposes of this Base Condition 8.5, the Basket of 
Indices, Basket of Shares, ETI Basket, Basket of Debt Instruments, Basket of Commodities, Basket of 
Futures, Fund Basket or other basis of reference to which the value of the relevant Notes may relate, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Basket Price" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each Underlying References 
comprising the Basket as the product of (a) the Underlying Reference Level of such Underlying References 
comprising the Basket on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and (b) the relevant 
Weighting;  
"Basket Price 1" means, in respect of any AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 1 Underlying comprising the 
Basket as the product of (a) the Underlying Reference Level 1 of such AER Event 1 Underlying on such 
AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and (b) the relevant Weighting;  
"Basket Price 2" means, in respect of any AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 2 Underlying comprising the 
Basket as the product of (a) the Underlying Reference Level 2 of such AER Event 2 Underlying on such 
AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date and (b) the relevant Weighting;

--- Page 227 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
227 
 
 
"Cumulative Interest" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, (a) the sum 
of the values calculated for each Interest Period preceding the Current Interest Period as the product of (i) 
the Interest Rate and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in each case 
for such Interest Period plus (b) the product of (i) the Interest Rate and (ii) if specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in each case for the Current Interest Period; 
"Current Interest Period" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
Interest Period during which such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls; 
"Early Redemption Entitlement" means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Note, and an Underlying 
Reference or, as the case may be, a Component, the quantity of the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, 
as the case may be, which a Noteholder is entitled to receive on the Automatic Early Redemption Date in 
respect of each such Note following payment of any sums payable and Expenses rounded down as provided 
in Base Condition 8.3 (Physical Settlement), as determined by the Calculation Agent including any 
documents evidencing such Entitlement, specified in the applicable Final Terms or in accordance with the 
following: 
(a) 
the Entitlement Units; multiplied by 
(b) 
the Entitlement Multiplier; multiplied by 
(c) 
in respect of any Underlying Reference constituted by a Basket, the relevant Weighting; 
"Entitlement Units" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Entitlement Multiplier" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Leveraged Barrier" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Maximum AER Reference Rate" is the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Minimum AER Reference Rate" is the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the number specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate 
determined in respect of such Underlying Interest Rate; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate Value" means the value calculated in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 228 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
228 
 
 
 
"Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Level" means the value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Reference Level0 × (1 + Participation Factor × (Fund Levelt - Fund Level0 ) / Fund Level0 - (Participation 
Factor-1) × Feest) 
Where: 
"Reference Level0" means the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the Final Terms. 
"Fund Level0" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the Fixing Date. 
"Fund Levelt" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Settlement Price 
of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date.  
"Fixing Date" means the Calculation Date immediately preceding the First Calculation Date.  
"Calculation Date" means each day which is a Fund Business Day.  
"First Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Feest" means the cumulative leverage fee, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as the aggregate sum of the Fees Accrued during each Fees Accrual Period.  
"Fees Accrued" means, in respect of a Fee Accrual Period, the fees accrued during such period, expressed 
as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(Fee ISDA Rate + Fee Margin) × Day Count Fraction 
"Fee ISDA Rate" means the floating rate determined according to the ISDA Determination under Base 
Condition 7(d)(i) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fee Margin" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Fee Accrual Period(s)" means the periods commencing on (and including) the Fee Accrual Commencing 
Date up to (but excluding) the first Fee Accrual Date and each subsequent period commencing on (and 
including) a Fee Accrual Date up to (but excluding) the next following Fee Accrual Date. For the purposes 
of this Base Condition 8.5 (Automatic Early Redemption) and in relation to an Automatic Early Redemotion 
Valuation Date, the last Fee Accrual Period shall be deemed to end (but exclude) on the Calculation Date 
immediately preceding such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
 Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 × Multiple Underlying Reference Rate(𝑖)

--- Page 229 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
229 
 
 
"Fee Accrual Commencing Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Fee Accrual Date(s)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Participation Factor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" means:  
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes, Index Linked Note Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and Index 
Linked Note Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index);  
(b) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes, Share Linked Note Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Share 
Linked Note Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share Linked Note Condition 5 
(Extraordinary Events); 
(c) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes, ETI Linked Note Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and ETI Linked 
Note Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events);  
(d) 
in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Note Condition 2 (Market Disruption) 
Commodity Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and a Disruption 
Fallbacks) and Commodity Linked Note Condition 4 (Adjustments to a Commodity Index);  
(e) 
in the case of Currency Linked Notes, Currency Linked Note Condition 2 (Disruption Events), 
Currency Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event); 
(f) 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes, Fund Linked Note Condition 4 (Consequences of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event); 
(g) 
in the case of Futures Linked Notes, Futures Linked Note Condition 3 (Adjustments to a Future); 
and 
(h) 
in the case of Debt Linked Notes, Debt Linked Note Condition 3 (Market Disruption), Debt Linked 
Note Condition 4 (Correction of Debt Instrument Price) and Debt Linked Note Condition 5 
(Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Intrument);  
"MFP AER Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance 
Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for 
MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 230 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
230 
 
 
"MFP AER Value 1" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance 
Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for 
MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP AER Value 2" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance 
Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for 
MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of this Base Condition 8.5 each Index, Share, Debt 
Instrument, ETI Interest, Commodity, Commodity Index, Alternative Currency, Future, Fund, Underlying 
Interest Rate or other basis of reference to which the relevant Notes relate. If two or more Underlying 
Interest Rates are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Underlying Component Rates each 
Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified as such (together the "Multiple Underlying Interest Rate") will be 
calculated separately and independently but for the purposes of this Base Condition 8.5 and the Interest 
Rate Linked Note Conditions shall be deemed to together constitute an Underlying Reference;  
"Underlying Reference Level" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, (i) 
"official level", "official close", "last price", "bid price" or "asked price" of the Underlying Reference or 
the Italian Notes Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms published by the Observation 
Price Source specified in the Final Terms or (ii) if Standard Price is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms (a) in the case of Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes and Futures Linked Notes, the price 
of the relevant Underlying Reference, (b) in the case of Index Linked Notes, the level of the relevant 
Underlying Reference, (c) in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, the Relevant Price, (d) in the case of 
Currency Linked Notes, the spot rate of exchange for the exchange of the Alternative Currency into the 
Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such Alternative Currency for which one 
unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), (e) in the case of an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level, (f) 
in the case of an Underlying Interest Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate, or (g) if FI Underlying Automatic 
Early Redemption Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Multiple Underlying 
Interest Rate is specified as applicable, the Multiple Underlying Reference Rate Value, in each case, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or, in the case of the "official close" level, at such time on 
such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date as the "official close" level is published by the 
Observation Price Source;  
"Underlying Reference Level 1" means, in respect of any AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date, (i) if 
Standard Price is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) in the case of Share Linked

--- Page 231 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
231 
 
 
Notes, ETI Linked Notes and Futures Linked Notes, the price of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying, (b) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes, the level of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying, (c) in the case of 
Commodity Linked Notes, the Relevant Price, or (d) in the case of Currency Linked Notes, the spot rate of 
exchange for the exchange of the Alternative Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of 
units (or part units) of such Alternative Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be 
exchanged), or (e) in the case of an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level, or (f) in the case of an Underlying 
Interest Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on such AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in the 
case of Debt Linked Notes or Currency Linked Notes to which Futures Price Valuation applies, the "last 
price" of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying published by the Observation Price Source specified for 
such AER Event 1 Underlying; and 
"Underlying Reference Level 2" means, in respect of any AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date, (i) if 
Standard Price is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) in the case of Share Linked 
Notes, ETI Linked Notes and Futures Linked Notes, the price of the relevant AER Event 2 Underlying, (b) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes, the level of the relevant AER Event 2 Underlying, (c) in the case of 
Commodity Linked Notes, the Relevant Price, or (d) in the case of Currency Linked Notes, the spot rate of 
exchange for the exchange of the Alternative Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of 
units (or part units) of such Alternative Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be 
exchanged), or (e) in the case of an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level, or (f) in the case of an Underlying 
Interest Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on such AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in the 
case of Debt Linked Notes or Currency Linked Notes to which Futures Price Valuation applies, the "last 
price" of the relevant AER Event 2 Underlying published by the Observation Price Source specified for 
such AER Event 2 Underlying. 
(d) 
AER Rate Determination  
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the AER Rate is determined by reference to a Screen Rate, 
the AER Rate will be determined pursuant to Interest Rate Linked Note Conditions 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7, as 
applicable, save that references therein to "Underlying Reference Rate" shall be deemed to be references to 
"AER Rate". 
8.6. 
Automatic Early Redemption – Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1  
Notwithstanding Base Condition 8.5 (Automatic Early Redemption), if "Automatic Early Redemption" and 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1 are specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the date 
falling the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms following the Valuation Date (as 
defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put 
Notes, Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call

--- Page 232 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
232 
 
 
and Put Notes) (the "Automatic Early Redemption Date") and the amount payable by the Issuer upon redemption 
of each Note shall be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount.  
For these purposes: 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means an amount in the Settlement Currency (as defined in Formulas 
Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Notes, Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes)) equal to 
the Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms. If the Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption of the Note pursuant to this Base Condition 8.6. 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement 
Currency half of any sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means that, as determined by the Calculation Agent, at the Observation 
Time(s) (as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call 
and Put Notes, Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1 and Put Payout Capitalised 
Call and Put Notes)) on an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date (the "Relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date"): 
(a) 
with respect to a Call Note, the Observation Price (as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional 
definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Notes, Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes)) is less than or equal to 
the applicable Note Threshold (as defined in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single 
Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Notes, Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and 
Put Notes 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes)); or 
(b) 
with respect to a Put Note, the Observation Price is greater than or equal to the applicable Note Threshold; 
and 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each Relevant Business Day (as defined in Formulas 
Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Notes, Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes) from (and 
including) the Issue Date (notwithstanding the occurrence of (in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked 
Notes, ETI Linked Notes or Currency Linked Notes) a Disrupted Day, (in the case of Commodity Linked Notes) 
a Commodity Disrupted Day or (otherwise) a Market Disruption Event. 
8.7. 
Issuer Call Option 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the following provisions will 
apply: 
(a) 
if European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may, on giving

--- Page 233 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
233 
 
 
irrevocable prior notice (the "Call Option Exercise Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices) – which notice must be given to the Noteholders no later than the last day of the 
relevant Call Option Exercise Notice Period specified in the relevant Final Terms - exercise the Issuer's 
option in relation to all or some of the Notes. The relevant Notes will be redeemed on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) indicated in the Final Terms. Any such redemption of such Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call), determined on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Optional Redemption Valuation Date"), together with any interest (if any), calculated as if it was 
accrued to such date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with this Base 
Condition. 
(b) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may, at any 
time during the Call Option Exercise Notice Period specified in the relevant Final Terms, exercise the 
Issuer's option in relation to all or some of the Notes, by giving prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Base Condition 16 (Notices) – which notice must be given to the Noteholders no later than the end of 
the Call Option Exercise Notice Period. The relevant Notes will be redeemed on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) specified in the relevant Call Option Exercise Notice and/or determined on the 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date in accordance with the relevant Final Terms at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) together with any interest (if any), calculated as if it was accrued to such date, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with this Base Condition.  
The "Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" in respect of each Note shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
the amount in the Settlement Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
the Call Payout as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Call Payout is zero, no 
amount shall be payable on settlement of such Note. 
In the case of a partial exercise of an Issuer's option (other than with reference to the CREST Dematerialised Notes) 
the Call Option Exercise Notice to the Noteholders shall also contain the serial numbers of the Notes to be 
redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Fiscal Agent may approve and in such manner as it 
deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements.  
In the case of a partial exercise of an Issuer's option with reference to CREST Dematerialised Notes, the notice to 
Holders referred to in this Base Condition 8.7 shall specify any procedures for partial redemption laid down in the 
then applicable Uncertificated Securities Regulations. 
If Call Option Condition is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may, only 
upon the occurrence of the Call Option Condition(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent and on giving 
irrevocable prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) (the "Call Option 
Condition Exercise Notice"), exercise the Issuer's option in relation to all (but not some) of the Notes. The relevant 
Notes will be redeemed on the relevant Optional Condition Redemption Date (Call) at their Optional Condition 
Redemption Amount (Call) determined on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Optional Condition

--- Page 234 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
234 
 
 
Redemption Valuation Date (Call)") together with any Interest (if any), calculated as if it was accrued up to such 
date, to such date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the Call 
Option Condition may apply in addition to, or as alternative to, the Call Option rights set forth above. 
"Call Option Condition(s)" means, if the Call Option Condition is applicable in relation to the Notes, the 
occurrence of a Call Option Event. 
"Call Option Event" means that on (i) any Call Option Exercise Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of a Call Option 
Exercise Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
A) 
the Settlement Price is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than 
or equal to" the Call Trigger Barrier, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
B) 
if Leveraged Notes Call Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Reference 
Level, is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" 
the Call Trigger Barrier, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Call Option Exercise Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Debt Linked 
Notes or ETI Linked Notes, a Commodity Business Day (in respect of Commodity Linked Notes), a Fund Business 
Day (in the case of Fund Linked Notes) or Business Day (in the case of other Notes), as applicable, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as applicable, 
unless, in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or 
ETI Linked Notes, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index 
Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes, a Market Disruption Event is 
occurring on such day (in respect of Commodity Linked Notes). If any such day is a Disrupted Day, a day on 
which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, as applicable, then the corresponding provisions in the definition 
of "Valuation Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were to 
"Call Option Exercise Valuation Date" or (in the case of Commodity Linked Notes) if any such day is a day on 
which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, then the provisions of "Pricing Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis 
as if references in such provision to "Pricing Date" were to "Call Option Exercise Valuation Date". For the 
purposes of the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, any references to "Valuation Date" shall be deemed to refer to 
the "Call Option Exercise Valuation Date"; 
"Call Option Exercise Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call Option Exercise Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call Trigger Barrier" means the means the number or value specified in the Final Terms; 
"Optional Condition Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in relation to the Notes, if the Call Option Condition 
is applicable (and a Call Option Event has occurred), the amount in the Settlement Currency which the Noteholder 
is entitled to receive. Such amount in respect of each Note shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to:

--- Page 235 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
235 
 
 
(i) 
the amount in the Settlement Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Call Payout as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Call Payout is zero, no 
amount shall be payable on redemption of such Note. 
"Reference Level" means the value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Reference Level0 × (1 + Participation Factor × (Fund Levelt - Fund Level0 ) / Fund Level0 - (Participation Factor-
1) × Feest) 
where: 
"Reference Level0" means the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the Final Terms. 
"Fund Level0" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the Fixing Date. 
"Fund Levelt" means, in respect of a Call Option Exercise Valuation Date, the Settlement Price as of the 
Calculation Date immediately preceding such Call Option Exercise Valuation Date.  
"Fixing Date" means the Calculation Date immediately preceding the First Calculation Date.  
"Calculation Date" means each day which is a Fund Business Day.  
"First Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Feest" means the cumulative leverage fee, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
the aggregate sum of the Fees Accrued during each Fees Accrual Period.  
"Fees Accrued" means, in respect of a Fee Accrual Period, the fees accrued during such period, expressed as a 
percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(Fee ISDA Rate + Fee Margin) × Day Count Fraction 
"Fee ISDA Rate" means the floating rate determined according to the ISDA Determination under Base Condition 
7(d)(i) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fee Margin" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Fee Accrual Period(s)" means the periods commencing on (and including) the Fee Accrual Commencing Date 
up to (but excluding) the first Fee Accrual Date and each subsequent period commencing on (and including) a Fee 
Accrual Date up to (but excluding) the next following Fee Accrual Date. For the purposes of this Base Condition 
8.7 and in relation to a Call Option Exercise Valuation Date, the last Fee Accrual Period shall be deemed to end 
(but exclude) on such Call Option Exercise Valuation Date. 
"Fee Accrual Commencing Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fee Accrual Date(s)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 236 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
236 
 
 
"Participation Factor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of this Base Condition 8.7 each Index, Share, Debt Instrument, 
ETI Interest, Commodity, Commodity Index, Alternative Currency, Future, Fund, Underlying Interest Rate or 
other basis of reference to which the relevant Notes relate. If two or more Underlying Interest Rates are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Underlying Component Rates each Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified 
as such (together the "Multiple Underlying Interest Rate") will be calculated separately and independently but for 
the purposes of this Base Condition 8.7 and the Interest Rate Linked Note Conditions shall be deemed to together 
constitute an Underlying Reference;  
8.8. 
Noteholders Put Option 
If (i) the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, (ii) "Maturity Extension" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer duly gives a Maturity Extension Notice and/or 
(iii) "Reverse Split" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer duly gives a Reverse 
Split Notice, then the following provisions will apply:  
(a) 
If European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option 
of the holder of any such Notes, redeem in whole (but not in part), such Notes on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) indicated in the Final Terms at their Optional Redemption Amount (Put) determined 
on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Optional Redemption Valuation Date") together 
with any interest (if any), calculated as if it was accrued up to such date, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
(b) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option 
of the holder of any such Notes, redeem in whole (but not in part), such Notes on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), being the Business Day falling the number of Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, after the receipt by the relevant Paying Agent or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case 
of CREST Dematerialised Notes) of the Put Option Exercise Notice (indicated in paragraphs (c), (d) and 
(e) below) or the notice (indicated in in paragraph (c) below), at the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) 
determined on the Optional Redemption Valuation Date together with any Interest (if any), calculated as if 
it was accrued, up to such date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(c) 
If the Note is a Definitive Note, to exercise the Put Option, the Noteholder must deliver at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within 
the Put Option Exercise Notice Period, a duly completed and signed option exercise notice (the "Put Option 
Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent accompanied by the Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the Note will, following delivery of the Put Option Exercise 
Notice, be held to its order or under its control in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Paying Agent 
concerned.  
(d) 
If the Note is held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, ESM, and/or any other relevant Clearing

--- Page 237 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
237 
 
 
System, to exercise the Put Option, the Noteholder must, within the Put Option Exercise Notice Period, 
give notice to the Paying Agent concerned of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, ESM, and/or any other relevant Clearing System (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, ESM, and/or any 
other relevant Clearing System or any common depositary for them to the Paying Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, ESM, and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System from time to time (the "Put Option Exercise Notice").  
(e) 
If the Notes are CREST Dematerialised Notes, to exercise the right to require redemption of the Notes, the 
Holder of the Notes must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), deposit with the Euroclear Registrar a duly completed Put Option Exercise Notice in the form 
obtainable from the Euroclear Registrar and in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations. 
The Put Option Exercise Notice is irrevocable and (except as provided in the Issue and Paying Agent Agreement, 
or in the Euroclear Agreement, as applicable) may not be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
The Put Option Exercise Notice shall be carried out in relation to a number of Notes in the same series. Any Put 
Option Exercise Notice, which has not been sent pursuant to this paragraph and within the terms specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and/or has not been received by the Paying Agent within the time specified above, will not 
be considered valid. Once the Put Option Exercise Notice is delivered, the Notes in respect of which the Put Option 
has been exercised shall not be transferred to third parties. 
The "Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" in respect of each Note shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
the amount in the Settlement Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
the Put Payout as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Put Payout is zero, no amount 
shall be payable on settlement of such Note. 
8.9. 
Maturity Extension – SFP Leverage Factor Notes 
If "Maturity Extension" and SFP Leverage Factor Notes are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer may, on giving not less than the 
minimum notice period nor more than the maximum notice period specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
"Maturity Extension Notice Period") give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 
(Notices) (a "Maturity Extension Notice") (which notice shall be irrevocable) of its election to (i) postpone the 
Redemption Date of the Notes to the Postponed Redemption Date. Upon receipt of the Maturity Extension Notice, 
the Noteholder of any Note may request that the Issuer early redeem such Note in accordance with Condition 8.8 
(Noteholders Put Option). The Maturity Extension Notice will specify the relevant Optional Redemption Valuation 
Date.  
Where:

--- Page 238 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
238 
 
 
"Postponed Redemption Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Maturity Extension Notice. 
8.10. Reverse Split – SFP Leverage Factor Notes 
If "Reverse Split" and SFP Leverage Factor Notes are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and a Reverse Split Event occurs, the Issuer may, on giving not less than the minimum notice period nor more 
than the maximum notice period specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Reverse Split Notice Period"), give 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) (a "Reverse Split Notice"), that the 
Notes will be consolidated and become subject to a Reverse Split (as defined below). The Reverse Split Notice 
will specify: 
(a) 
the date on which the Reverse Split shall take effect (the "Reverse Split Effective Date"); 
(b) 
the New Note Ratio; and 
(c) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Valuation Date. 
The Issuer shall, on the Reverse Split Effective Date, cancel each Holding of Notes held by a Noteholder and 
deliver in lieu thereof an amount of New Notes equal to the Post Reverse Split Note Amount plus (if applicable) 
the Post Reverse Split Cash Amount (a "Reverse Split"). 
Upon receipt of the Reverse Split Notice in respect of a Holding of Notes, the Noteholder may request that the 
Issuer early redeem each Note in such Holding of Notes in accordance with Condition 8.8 (Noteholders Put 
Option). 
The Issuer or, failing which, the Guarantor (if any) will deliver or cause to be delivered the Post Reverse Split 
Note Amount and (if applicable) pay or cause to be paid the Post Reverse Split Cash Amount (if any) in respect 
of a Holding of Notes by transfer or credit to the Holder's account with the relevant Clearing System. The Issuer 
or the Guarantor (if any) will be discharged by such delivery and (if applicable) such payment to, or to the order 
of, the relevant Clearing System. Each of the persons shown in the records of the relevant Clearing System as the 
holder of a particular amount of the Notes must look solely to the relevant Clearing System for his share of the 
New Notes delivered and each such payment so made to, or to the order of, such Clearing System. 
Where: 
"Holding of Notes" means the aggregate holding of Notes by a Noteholder in an account at the relevant Clearing 
System; 
"New Note Ratio" the ratio specified as such in the applicable Reverse Split Notice; 
"New Notes" means a new series of Notes issued by the Issuer with terms identical to the Notes save that the Bear 
Note Value or Bull Note Value, as the case may be, will be consolidated to reflect the economic effect of the 
Reverse Split as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner;  
"Post Reverse Split Cash Amount" means, in respect of a Holding of Notes, the cash adjustment amount

--- Page 239 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
239 
 
 
calculated by the Calculation Agent to reflect the economic effect of the Reverse Split acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Post Reverse Split Note Amount" means, in respect of a Holding of Notes, an amount equal to the product of 
(a) the amount of Notes in such Holding of Notes immediately prior to such cancellation and (b) the New Note 
Ratio;  
"Reverse Split Event" means that the Reverse Split Value is (a) "less than" or (b) "less than or equal to", as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Reverse Split Level, (x) on a Reverse Split Valuation Date or (y) on 
any Reverse Split Valuation Day during the Reverse Split Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reverse Split Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reverse Split Valuation Date" means any Relevant Business Day (as such term is defined in Formulas Condition 
1.1 (hh)); 
"Reverse Split Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Reverse Split Value" means, in respect of a Note and a Relevant Business Day, the Bear Note Value or Bull 
Note Value, as the case may be, in respect of such Note on such a Relevant Business Day. 
This Base Condition 8.10 does not apply to CREST Dematerialised Notes. 
9. 
REDEMPTION BY INSTALMENTS 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are Instalment Notes, each Note will be redeemed in the 
Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Instalment Notes are Instalment Notes (with NA Adjustment), each 
Note will be redeemed (i) in part by payment of the Instalment Amount on the Instalment Date and (ii) with final 
redemption being made pursuant to Base Condition 8.1 (Maturity Date) and Base Condition 8.2 (Cash Settlement). 
The Instalment Amount in respect of the Instalment Date will be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the product of the Nominal Amount immediately prior to the Instalment Date and the Instalment 
Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. Following the Instalment Date, the Nominal Amount shall be 
reduced by the Instalment Amount and all calculations and determinations in respect of the Notes shall be made 
on the basis of the Nominal Amount as so reduced.  
10. 
PAYOUT SWITCH 
10.1. If Payout Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (i) if Payout Switch Election is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may elect that or (ii) if Automatic Payout 
Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic Payout Switch Event 
occurs, the Final Payout for the Notes will be amended (including any relevant Underlying Reference(s) as

--- Page 240 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
240 
 
 
applicable) (a "Payout Switch") from the Final Payout specified in the Final Terms to the Switched Payout 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on and after the Payout Switch Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. With reference to the point (i) above, the Issuer may elect to exercise the Payout Switch only once 
and, with reference to point (ii) above, the Payout Switch may occur only once, upon the occurrence for the 
first time of the Automatic Payout Switch Event. Notice of any Payout Switch will be given to Noteholders 
in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
"Automatic Payout Switch Event" means that: 
(i) 
the MFP APS Value is (a) "greater than", (b) "equal to or greater than", (c) "less than" or (d) "less 
than or equal to", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Automatic Payout Switch Level, 
(x) on a MFP APS Valuation Date or (y) in respect of a MFP APS Valuation Period, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if MFP Digital Coupon or MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and Target Switch Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or the MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon 
Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied is equal to or greater than the Automatic Payout 
Switch Level as of an MFP APS Valuation Date;  
"Automatic Payout Switch Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP APS Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance 
Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for 
MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP APS Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date, Calculation Date, Underlying 
Interest Determination Date, Settlement Price Date and/or each day, all specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
"MFP APS Valuation Period" means each period specific as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
11. 
EARLY REDEMPTION AMOUNTS 
(a) 
If Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the greater of the fair market value 
of a Note or, as the case may be, Redeemed Amount (notwithstanding any illegality (if applicable) and 
taking into account any Additional Disruption Event, Optional Additional Disruption Event, Index 
Adjustment Event, Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, Extraordinary 
Event, Commodity Index Adjustment Event, Market Disruption Event, Index Cancellation, Extraordinary 
Fund Event, or Futures Adjustment Event as the case may be) and the Protected Amount specified in the

--- Page 241 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
241 
 
 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, proportionate share of such Protected Amount, provided 
that, (x) no costs shall be deducted from such amount and (y) such amount shall include the reimbursement 
by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early redemption date or, as the case may be, partial redemption 
date, notified to the Noteholders until the scheduled Maturity Date of the Note), of any costs or, as the case 
may be, proportionate share of such costs, (including but not limited to any structuring costs) paid by 
Noteholders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Notes, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, such amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the 
date notified to the Noteholders in the notice of early redemption or, as the case may be, notice of partial 
redemption; 
(b) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the fair market value of a Note or, 
as the case may be, Redeemed Amount (notwithstanding any illegality (if applicable) and taking into 
account any Additional Disruption Event, Optional Additional Disruption Event, Index Adjustment Event, 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, Extraordinary Event, Commodity 
Index Adjustment Event, Market Disruption Event, Index Cancellation, Extraordinary Fund Event, or 
Futures Adjustment Event, as applicable) calculated (x) without taking account of any costs and no costs 
shall be deducted from such amount, and (y) including the reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated 
from the early redemption date or, as the case may be, partial redemption date notified to the Noteholders 
until the scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes), of any costs or, as the case may be, proportionate share of 
such costs (including but not limited to any structuring costs) paid by Noteholders to the Issuer in the Issue 
Price of the Notes, such an amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the date notified in the notice of early 
redemption or, as the case may be, notice of partial redemption; 
(c) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the Monetisation Amount (as defined below), such amount to be paid by the Issuer (notwithstanding 
the notice of early redemption) on the Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
if the Noteholder duly elects to receive the fair market value, as provided below, the Market Value 
calculated in accordance with Condition 20 (b) of such Note, such amount to be paid by the Issuer 
on the date fixed for early redemption, as notified to the Noteholders. 
In the Issuer's notice of early redemption, the Issuer must include the following: 
(i) 
the cut-off date and time for each Noteholders to elect to receive the fair market value on the date 
fixed for early redemption; 
(ii) 
the date of determination for the fair market value in respect of such election and the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the fair market value of the Notes on such date; and 
(iii) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as the Monetisation Amount. 
If the Note held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, ESM, and/or any other relevant Clearing 
System, other than in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, to make a valid election to receive the

--- Page 242 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
242 
 
 
Market Value on early redemption of the Note the Noteholder of the Note must no later than the cut-off 
date and time set out in the Issuer's notice of early redemption give notice to the Issuer and the Paying 
Agent in accordance with the standard procedures Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, ESM and/or 
any other relevant Clearing System (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, ESM and/or any other relevant Clearing System or any common depositary 
for them to the Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, ESM and/or any other relevant Clearing System from time to time. Notice given by a 
Noteholder pursuant to this Base Condition 11 (Early Redemption Amounts) shall be irrevocable.  
If the Notes are CREST Dematerialised Notes, to make a valid election to receive the Market Value on 
early redemption of the Note, the Holder of the Notes must no later than the cut-off time and date set out 
in the Issuer's notice of early redemption give notice to the Euroclear Registrar in accordance with the 
Uncertificated Securities Regulations. 
If the Noteholder does not make a valid election to receive the fair market value on the date fixed for early 
redemption before the cut-off date and time set out in the Issuer's notice of early redemption, the Noteholder 
will receive the Monetisation Amount in respect of such Note on the Maturity Date. 
For the purposes of this Base Condition 11(c): 
"Monetisation Amount" means, in respect of a Note, an amount equal to the greater of the Protected 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms and the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
(S + D) × (1 + r)n 
where: 
"S" is the present value of the Protected Amount of such Note on the date on which the event triggering 
early redemption occurs; 
"D" is the market value of the Derivative Component on the date on which the event triggering early 
redemption occurs; 
"r" is a hypothetical annual interest rate that would be applied on an equivalent hypothetical debt instrument 
issued by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as applicable) with the same time to redemption as the remaining 
time to redemption on the Note from the date fixed for early redemption until the scheduled redemption 
date of the Notes; 
"n" is the time remaining until the scheduled redemption date of the Notes, expressed as a number of years; 
and 
"Derivative Component" means the option component or embedded derivative in respect of the Note or 
the interest amount due under the Note in order to enable the Issuer to issue the Note at the issue price and

--- Page 243 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
243 
 
 
on their applicable terms. The value of the Derivative Component will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent, taking into account a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 
(a) 
market prices or values for the underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) and other relevant 
economic variables (such as interest rates; dividend rates; financing costs; the value, price or level 
of any relevant underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) and any futures or options relating to 
any of them; the volatility of any relevant underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases); and 
exchange rates (if applicable); 
(b) 
the time remaining until the scheduled redemption date of the Notes; 
(c) 
internal pricing models; and 
(d) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Derivative Component. 
12. 
PHYSICAL DELIVERY CONFIRMATION NOTICES AND SETTLEMENT 
12.1. Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice Requirement  
In the case of Physical Delivery Notes, where “Physical Settlement according to Base Condition 12.1” is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in order to obtain delivery of the Entitlement the relevant Noteholder 
(acting through the relevant ESM Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised Notes) must (i) except in the 
case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, deliver or send by authenticated swift message (confirmed in writing) to 
the relevant Clearing System(s) with a copy to the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian 
Dematerialised Notes) and the relevant Issuer not later than 10.00 a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time (as 
appropriate) on the Maturity Date a duly completed physical delivery confirmation notice (a "Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice") in the form set out in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement (copies of which form may 
be obtained from the relevant Clearing System(s) or the Paying Agents) in accordance with the provisions set out 
in this Base Condition and (ii) in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, deliver or send by authenticated swift 
message (confirmed in writing) to the Euroclear Registrar (in a form acceptable thereto) a Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice (in the form set out in the Euroclear Agreement, copies of which form may be obtained from 
the Euroclear Registrar) in accordance with the provisions set out in this Base Condition) with a copy to the 
relevant Issuer not later than the close of business in the place of receipt on the Maturity Date. If the relevant Note 
is in definitive form, such Note must be delivered, together with the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, to the 
relevant Issuer and with a copy to the Fiscal Agent. 
(a) 
The Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the series of the Notes and the number of Notes the subject of such Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice; 
(ii) 
except in the case of Definitive Notes and CREST Dematerialised Notes, specify the number of the 
Noteholder's account (or of the relevant ESM Accountholder’s account, in case of Italian 
Dematerialised Notes) at the relevant Clearing System(s) to be debited with the Notes the subject of

--- Page 244 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
244 
 
 
such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice; 
(iii) 
except in the case of Definitive Notes and CREST Dematerialised Notes, irrevocably instruct the 
relevant Clearing System(s) to debit on or before the Maturity Date the Noteholder's account (or of 
the relevant ESM Accountholder’s account, in case of Italian Dematerialised Notes) with the Notes 
the subject of such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice; 
(iv) 
(a) except in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, include an undertaking to pay all Expenses 
and, except in the case of Definitive Notes, an authority to the relevant Clearing System(s) to debit 
a specified account of the Noteholder (or the account of the relevant ESM Accountholder, in case 
of Italian Dematerialised Notes) at the relevant Clearing System(s) in respect thereof or (b) in the 
case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, specify the cash memorandum account of the Holder (as 
shown in the records of the Operator) from which the Expenses will be paid to the Euroclear 
Registrar's account with the Operator against delivery of the Entitlement and irrevocably agree to 
deliver such instructions to the Operator as may be requested by the Euroclear Registrar to give 
effect to the relevant delivery and payments specified above; 
(v) 
include such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the Entitlement 
which may include account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) into whose name 
evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom documents 
evidencing the Entitlement are to be delivered and specify the name and the number of the 
Noteholder's account (or the account of the relevant ESM Accountholder, in case of Italian 
Dematerialised Notes) with the relevant Clearing System(s) or, in the case of a Definitive Note, at a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant Settlement Currency, or in the case of CREST 
Dematerialised Notes, specify the cash memorandum account of the Holder (as shown in the records 
of the Operator), to be credited with any cash payable by the relevant Issuer either, in respect of any 
amounts payable pursuant to Credit Linked Note Condition 4 (First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes 
and Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes), either in respect of any other cash amount constituting the 
Entitlement or any cash adjustment amount paid in lieu of fractions of the Relevant Asset or any 
dividends relating to the Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event 
or a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the relevant Issuer electing to pay the Settlement 
Disruption Amount or Failure to Deliver Cash Settlement Price, as the case may be; as applicable, 
or as a result of the Issuer electing to pay the Alternate Cash Amount; 
(vi) 
in the case of Currency Linked Notes only, except in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, 
specify the number of the Noteholder's account (or of the account of the relevant ESM 
Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised Notes) at the relevant Clearing System(s) or, in the 
case of a Definitive Note, at a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant Settlement 
Currency to be credited with the amount due upon exercise of the Notes or in the case of CREST 
Dematerialised Notes, specify the cash memorandum account of the Holder as shown in the records 
of the Operator to be credited with the amount due upon redemption of the Notes; 
(vii) 
certify, inter alia, that the beneficial owner of each Note the subject of such Physical Delivery

--- Page 245 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
245 
 
 
Confirmation Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined in the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice), 
the Note was not held on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property have been 
or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in 
connection with such exercise and, where appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of 
certification in respect of selling restrictions under the securities, commodities and other laws of the 
United States as may be required; and 
(viii) authorise the production of the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings,  
all as provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), 
the Euroclear Agreement. 
(b) 
If Base Condition 4.3 (Issuer's Option to Vary Settlement) applies, the form of Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice required to be delivered may be different from that set out above. Copies of such 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice may be obtained from the relevant Clearing System(s) and the 
Paying Agents or the Euroclear Registrar, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Where “Alternative Physical Settlement” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
provisions of this Base Condition 12.1 will not apply to the relevant Notes and the manner in which the 
Issuer will deliver the relevant Entitlement and pay the cash adjustment and the dividends, if any, provided 
under Base Condition 8.3, will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
12.2. Verification of the Noteholder 
This Base Condition 12.2 only applies where “Physical Settlement according to Base Condition 12.1” is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Except in the case of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice submitted in respect of a Definitive Note, and 
except in case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, upon receipt of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, the 
relevant Clearing System(s) shall verify that the person exercising the Notes (including the relevant ESM 
Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised Notes) is the holder thereof according to the books of the relevant 
Clearing System(s). Subject thereto, the relevant Clearing System(s) will confirm to the Fiscal Agent or the Italian 
Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Notes) the series and the number of Notes being exercised and the 
details for the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of each Note the subject of the relevant Physical Delivery 
Confirmation Notice. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of 
Italian Dematerialised Notes) will inform the relevant Issuer thereof. The relevant Clearing System(s) will on or 
before Delivery Date or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) the Delivery Date (as defined in the Credit Linked 
Note Conditions) debit the account of the relevant Noteholder (or the account of the relevant ESM Accountholder, 
in case of Italian Dematerialised Notes) with the Notes the subject of the relevant Physical Delivery Confirmation 
Notice. 
In the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, upon receipt of an Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, the 
Euroclear Registrar shall verify that the person delivering the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is the Holder

--- Page 246 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
246 
 
 
of the related CREST Dematerialised Notes (described therein) according to the Record maintained by the 
Euroclear Registrar. Subject thereto, the Euroclear Registrar will confirm the series number and number of Notes 
the subject of such notice, the relevant account details (if applicable) and the details for the delivery of the 
Entitlement of each Note. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Euroclear Registrar will inform the relevant 
Issuer. The Euroclear Registrar will, on or before the Delivery Date or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) the 
Delivery Date (as defined in the Credit Linked Note Conditions), amend the Record. 
12.3. Cash Settled Notes 
Except in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, subject as provided in this Base Condition 12 (Physical 
Delivery Confirmation Notices and Redemption), the relevant Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid (if any) the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) or the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), as the 
case may be, or the relevant amount (if any) payable under the Credit Linked Note Conditions (including, for 
avoidance of doubt the relevant amounts payable according to Credit Linked Note Condition 2(b) (Redemption 
following Event Determination Date) upon occurrence of an Event Determination Date) (or in the case of 
Instalment Notes, each Instalment Amount) for each Note by credit or transfer to the Noteholder's account with 
the relevant Clearing System(s), or in case of Italian Dematerialised Notes, according to the instructions of ESM, 
to the accounts of the relevant ESM Accountholder, for value on the Maturity Date (or (a) in the case of Issuer 
Call Option or Noteholders Put Option, on the relevant Optional Redemption Valuation Date; or (b) in the case of 
Instalment Notes, on the relevant Instalment Date; or (c) in the case of Credit Linked Notes, on the Credit Linked 
Note Maturity Date or the Event Determination Date, as the case may be, (as defined in the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions)), less any Expenses not already paid, such payment to be made in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant Clearing System(s). 
Except in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, where the Notes pay Interest Amount(s), the Issuer, failing 
which, the Guarantor, if any, shall pay or cause to be paid the Interest Amount(s) for each Note in respect of each 
Interest Payment Date by credit or transfer to the Noteholder's account with the relevant Clearing System(s), or in 
case of Italian Dematerialised Notes, according to the instructions of ESM, to the accounts of the relevant ESM 
Accountholder, for value on the relevant Interest Payment Date, such payment to be made in accordance with the 
rules of such Clearing System.  
Except in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, the Issuer's obligations will be discharged by payment to, or 
to the order of, the relevant Clearing System(s) of the amount so paid or in case of Italian Dematerialised Notes, 
by payment to the relevant ESM Accountholders indicated by ESM of the amount so paid. With reference to all 
Notes, excluding the Italian Dematerialised Notes, each of the persons shown in the records of the relevant Clearing 
System(s) as the holder of a particular amount of the Notes must look solely to the relevant Clearing System(s) for 
his share of each such payment. 
In the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes and subject as provided below, the Euroclear Registrar shall pay or 
cause to be paid the Final Redemption Amount (if any), the relevant amount (if any) payable under the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions, Instalment Amount (if any) and the Interest Amount (if any) in respect of CREST 
Dematerialised Notes to the relevant Holder's cash account (as shown in the records of the Operator), such payment 
to be made in accordance with the rules of the Operator. Payments in respect of CREST Dematerialised Notes will

--- Page 247 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
247 
 
 
be discharged by payment (as shown in the records of the Operator) to the cash account of the relevant Holder. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of 
payment. 
12.4. Physical Delivery Notes 
Where “Physical Settlement according to Base Condition 12.1” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to payment of any Expenses with regard to the relevant Notes, the relevant Issuer shall, on the 
Maturity Date (such date, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 21.5, the "Delivery Date") or (in 
the case of Credit Linked Notes) the Delivery Date (as defined in the Credit Linked Note Conditions), deliver, or 
procure the delivery of, the Entitlement for each Note in respect of which a valid Physical Delivery Confirmation 
Notice has been delivered as provided in Base Condition 12.1 (Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice 
Requirements) pursuant to the details specified in the Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, subject as provided 
in Base Condition 4.3 (Issuer's Option to Vary Settlement). The Entitlement shall be delivered and evidenced in 
such manner as set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
Where “Physical Settlement according to Base Condition 12.1” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in the event that no valid Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice has been duly delivered at or prior to 
10.00 a.m. (Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be) or bu the close of business in the place of receipt 
(in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes) on the Maturity Date, the provisions of Base Condition 12.7 (Failure 
to deliver a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice) below shall apply. 
Where “Alternative Physical Settlement” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
payment of any Expenses with regard to the relevant Notes, the relevant Issuer shall, on Delivery Date or (in the 
case of Credit Linked Notes) the Delivery Date (as defined in the Credit Linked Note Conditions), deliver, or 
procure the delivery of, the Entitlement for each relevant Note in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject as provided in Base Condition 4.3 (Issuer's Option to Vary Settlement).  
12.5. Determinations and Delivery 
This Base Condition 12.5 only applies where “Physical Settlement according to Base Condition 12.1” is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  
Any determination as to whether a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is duly completed and in proper form 
shall be made by the Fiscal Agent, or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Notes), or the 
Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes) and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Paying Agents, the Euroclear Registrar (if applicable), the Calculation 
Agent and the relevant Noteholder. Subject as set out below, any Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice so 
determined to be incomplete or not in proper form or which is not duly delivered to the relevant Clearing System(s) 
and copied to the relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised 
Notes), or the Euroclear Registrar (if applicable) (or, in the case of Definitive Notes, which is not duly delivered 
to the relevant Issuer together with the relevant Definitive Note(s) and copied to the Fiscal Agent) shall be null 
and void.

--- Page 248 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
248 
 
 
If such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing 
System(s) or the Euroclear Registrar (if applicable), (other than in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes) in 
consultation with the relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian 
Dematerialised Notes) (or, in the case of Definitive Notes, to the satisfaction of the relevant Issuer in consultation 
with the Fiscal Agent), it shall be deemed to be a new Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice submitted at the 
time such correction was delivered to the relevant Clearing System(s) and copied to the relevant Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Notes) (or, in the case of Definitive 
Notes, to the relevant Issuer and copied to the Fiscal Agent) (or in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, to 
Euroclear Registrar and copied to the relevant Issuer). 
The relevant Clearing System(s) (or, in the case of Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer) (or, the Euroclear 
Registrar, as the case may be), shall use its best efforts promptly to notify the Noteholder (or the relevant ESM 
Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised Notes) submitting a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice if, in 
consultation with the relevant Issuer and/or the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian 
Dematerialised Notes) (as applicable), it has determined that such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is 
incomplete or not in proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Paying Agents, the relevant Clearing System(s), the Euroclear Registrar and the 
Calculation Agent shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in 
connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a Noteholder. 
12.6. Delivery of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice 
This Base Condition 12.6 only applies where “Physical Settlement according to Base Condition 12.1” is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
No Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the relevant Clearing 
System, or the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Notes) or the Euroclear 
Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), as the case may be, as provided above. After the delivery 
of a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, the relevant Noteholder may not transfer Notes the subject of such 
notice. 
12.7. Failure to deliver a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice 
This Base Condition 12.7 only applies where “Physical Settlement according to Base Condition 12.1” is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Provided that the relevant Notes are not Definitive Notes, in which case the provisions of Base Condition 12.8 
(Settlement provisions for Definitive Notes) will apply, the Issuer shall have no obligation to make delivery of the 
Entitlement in respect of such Note unless and until a duly completed Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is 
delivered as provided above. If the duly completed Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice is delivered after 10.00 
a.m. (Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be), or after the close of business in the place of receipt (in 
the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes) on the Maturity Date, delivery of such Entitlement shall be made as 
soon as possible thereafter but not earlier than the Maturity Date.

--- Page 249 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
249 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant holder of a Note shall not be entitled to any additional or further payment 
by reason of the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Note occurring after the Maturity Date as a result 
of such Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice being delivered after 10.00 a.m. (Brussels or Luxembourg time, as 
the case may be), or after the close of business in the place of receipt (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), 
on the Maturity Date. 
12.8. Redemption provisions for Definitive Notes 
In the event that any Definitive Notes have been issued prior to the Maturity Date, the relevant Issuer shall, on or 
prior to the Maturity Date, notify Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) of the procedure to 
be followed in order to receive any Final Redemption Amount that may be payable upon redemption of the Notes. 
12.9. Redemption Risk 
Redemption of the Notes is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the Maturity Date 
and none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), or any of their Affiliates, the Paying Agents, the Euroclear 
Registrar and the Calculation Agent shall incur in any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions 
contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. None of the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), any of their Affiliates, the Paying Agents, the Euroclear Registrar and the 
Calculation Agent shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of the relevant Clearing 
System(s) in relation to the performance of their duties in relation to the Notes. 
13. 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS AND OPTIONAL ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS 
13.1. Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption, unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur; 
(ii) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in 
any official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant 
Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or 
withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect 
that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any 
applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations 
under the Notes; or 
(iii) 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of a relevant Benchmark in connection with the Notes 
from the perspective of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent suffers or 
will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in 
the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer,

--- Page 250 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
250 
 
 
the Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its 
obligations in respect of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is 
revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence); 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy, including, without limitation to the generality 
of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect 
of the Relevant Authority (as defined below) whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the 
force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and including, for avoidance 
of doubt, as at the Issue Date the rules contained in, or implementing, CRD IV); 
"Benchmark" means any figure, value, level or rate which is a benchmark as defined in BMR and where any 
amount payable or deliverable under the Notes, or the value of the Notes, is determined by reference in whole or 
in part by reference to such figure, value, level or rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of the following has 
occurred or will occur: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “EU BMR”) and the EU BMR 
as it forms part of the domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal Act) 
2018 (the “UK BMR”);  
"BRRD" means the directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms;  
"Cancellation Event" means, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent, all or some of the Debt 
Instruments are redeemed prior to their stated maturity date for any reason, and as a result thereof it is impossible, 
impracticable or unduly onerous for the Issuer or its Affiliates to hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Notes; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (a) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, in respect of any tax 
law, solvency or capital requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation or 
application of any law or regulation by any court, tribunal or regulatory or other supervisory authority with 
competent jurisdiction (including any action taken by a taxing or financial authority or any supervisory authority) 
or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer determines acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that: 
(a) 
it has become illegal for it or any of its Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge position 
relating to an Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes), any relevant hedge position relating to a Debt

--- Page 251 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
251 
 
 
Instrument (in the case of Debt Linked Notes), any relevant hedge position relating to a Share (in the case 
of Share Linked Notes), any relevant hedge position relating to an ETI Interest (in the case of ETI Linked 
Notes), any relevant hedge position relating to a Commodity or Commodity Index (in the case of 
Commodity Linked Notes) or any relevant hedge position relating to a Fund Share (in the case of Fund 
Linked Notes) (each a "Hedge"); or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, in respect 
of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in maintaining the Notes in issue or, unless Hedge 
Maintenance Cost is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in holding, acquiring or 
disposing of any Hedge; 
"CRD IV" means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measure;  
"CRD IV Directive" means the directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment 
firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC;  
"CRD IV Implementing Measure" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV Directive or 
the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing acts 
(regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, and 
regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant 
authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the Issuer together with its consolidated 
subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments 
for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a standalone or consolidated basis);  
"CRR" means the Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms amending Regulation No. 648/2012; 
"Currency Event" means that, on or after the Issue Date, it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible for 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates (a) to convert the relevant currency ("Local Currency") in which the Index, the 
Shares or the Debt Instruments or any options or futures contracts or other hedging arrangement in relation to the 
Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments (for the purposes of hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Notes) 
are denominated, into the Settlement Currency, or exchange or repatriate any funds in the Local Currency or the 
Settlement Currency outside of the country in which the Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments or any options 
or futures contracts in relation to the Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments respectively are traded due to the 
adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive or decree of any 
Government Authority or otherwise, or (b) for the Calculation Agent to determine a rate or (in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent) a commercially reasonable rate at which the Local Currency can be exchanged for the 
Settlement Currency for payment under the Notes; 
"Extraordinary External Event" means that, on or after the Issue Date, the performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes is prevented or materially hindered or delayed due to: 
(a) 
any act (other than a Market Disruption Event), law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive,

--- Page 252 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
252 
 
 
interpretation, decree or material legislative or administrative interference of any Government Authority or 
otherwise; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, political insurrection, terrorist activity of any 
kind, riot, public demonstration and/or protest, or any other financial or economic reasons or any other 
causes or impediments beyond such party's control; or 
(c) 
any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action taken or threatened by any 
Government Authority that deprives the Issuer or any of its Affiliates, of all or substantially all of its assets 
in the Local Currency jurisdiction; 
"Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" means, following the exercise of Physical Delivery Notes, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets 
(the "Affected Relevant Assets") comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in 
the market for the Relevant Assets; 
"Government Authority" means any nation, state or government, any province or other political subdivision 
thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign exchange or other authority, court, tribunal 
or other instrumentality and any other entity exercising, executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative 
functions of or pertaining to government; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any 
other relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds 
of any such transaction(s), asset(s) or futures or options contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the 
Notes; 
"Hedging Party Default" means any hedging counterparty in respect of the Notes announces its inability to meet 
its financial obligations, ceases its payments or a court in its jurisdiction of incorporation opens insolvency 
proceedings against it and the Issuer or the Guarantor is unable to replace such hedging counterparty on terms 
acceptable to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be; 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of components comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes) 
or the number of Shares (in the case of Share Linked Notes) that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates deems 
necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Notes; 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract on any Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity 
Index, Index Component (in the case of Commodity Linked Notes) or, in respect of any Debt Linked Notes, any

--- Page 253 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
253 
 
 
relevant hedge positions relating to a Debt Instrument, it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s) or any such futures or options contract(s) or, in respect of any Debt Linked Notes, any relevant hedge 
positions relating to a Debt Instrument, provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely 
due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to borrow 
any component security comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes) or any Share (in the case of 
Share Linked Notes) that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate; 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a component security comprised in an Index (in the case of Index 
Linked Notes) or a Share (in the case of Share Linked Notes), the initial stock loan rate specified in relation to 
such Share, security, component or commodity in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Insolvency Filing" means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has instituted against it by a 
regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over 
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents 
to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that 
proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share Company or Basket 
Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing; 
"Italian Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect 
in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (in including, but not limited to, Legislative 
Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time; and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards 
created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated entity (or other affiliate of such regulated 
entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such 
regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
"Jurisdiction Event" means that, on or after the Issue Date, it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible for 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal (or to continue to do so in the future) in 
the Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments or, unless Hedging Arrangements is specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, any options or futures contracts in relation to the Index, the Shares or the Debt 
Instruments in order for the Issuer to perform its obligations: 
(a) 
under the Notes; or 
(b) 
unless Hedging Arrangements is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any 
relevant hedging arrangements in connection with the Notes (including, without limitation, any purchase,

--- Page 254 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
254 
 
 
sale or entry into or holding of one or more securities positions, currency positions, stock loan transactions, 
derivatives position, commodity position or other instruments or arrangements (however described) by the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in order to hedge, either individually or on a portfolio basis, the Notes),  
or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) be materially increased under the restriction or limitation of the existing or 
future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, interpretation, directive or decree of any Government Authority or 
otherwise; 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any component security comprised in an Index (in the case of Index 
Linked Notes) or any Share (in the case of Share Linked Notes) in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate 
equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate; 
"Luxembourg Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
in effect in Luxembourg, (i) relating to the transposition of the BRRD (including, but not limited to, the 
Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 relative aux mesures de résolution, d'assainissement et de liquidation des 
établissements de crédit et de certaines enterprises d'investissement ainsi qu'aux systèmes de garantie des dépôts 
et d'indemnisation des investisseurs, as amended from time to time (the "Luxembourg BRRD Law"), (ii) relating 
to the SRM Regulation or (iii) otherwise arising under Luxembourg law and (iv) in each case, the instruments, 
rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which certain eligible liabilities of a regulated entity or other 
affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into equity or other types of 
capital instruments of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period) and any 
right in a contract governing an obligation of a regulated entity may be deemed to have been exercised. For this 
purpose, a reference to a "regulated entity" is to any institution or entity (which includes certain credit institutions, 
investment firms, and certain of their group companies) referred to in points (1), (2), (3) or (4) of Article 2(1) of 
the Luxembourg BRRD Law, and with respect to the SRM Regulation to any entity referred to in Article 2 of the 
SRM Regulation; 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means in respect of a component security comprised in an Index (in the case of 
Index Linked Notes) or a Share (in the case of Share Linked Notes), the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
“Optional Additional Disruption Event” means any of Administrator/Benchmark Event, Cancellation Event, 
Currency Event, Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity, Extraordinary External Event, Hedging Party Default, 
Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Jurisdiction Event, Insolvency Filing, Loss of Stock 
Borrow, Stop-Loss Event and/or Significant Alteration Event, in each case if specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Protected Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 255 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
255 
 
 
“Relevant Authority” means (i) in respect of Italy, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy, or any successor 
authority having responsibility for the prudential supervision of the Issuer or the Group within the framework of 
the Single Supervisory Mechanism set out under Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 and in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations and/or, as the context may require, the Italian resolution authority, the Single 
Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, and/or any other authority in Italy or in the 
European Union entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power or having primary 
responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of Mediobanca from time to time; and (ii) in respect of 
Luxembourg, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, acting in its capacity as resolution authority 
within the meaning of Article 3(1) of the BRRD, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM 
Regulation, and/or any other authority in Luxembourg or in the European Union entitled to exercise or participate 
in the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power from time to time; 
“Significant Alteration Event” means the occurrence after the Issue Date of any event or combination of events 
or circumstances that are not attributable to the Issuer that significantly alters the economics of the Notes compared 
to the economics as of the Issue Date, but do not render performance of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes 
impossible; 
“SRM Regulation” means the Regulation (EU) No.806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or superseded from time to time; 
“Stop-Loss Event” means, in respect of a Share, the price of any Share as quoted on the relevant Exchange for 
such Share at the Scheduled Closing Time on any Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect 
of such Share on or after the Issue Date or, if later, the Strike Date, is less than 5 per cent., or such percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, of its Strike Price or, if no Strike Price is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the price given as the benchmark price for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
“Suspension/Withdrawal Event” means, in respect of the Benchmark:  
(i) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws or will suspend or 
withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in 
relation to the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark which is required under any 
applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to 
perform its obligations in respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is or will be removed from any official 
register where inclusion in such register is or will be required under any applicable law in order for any of 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is or will be suspended or where inclusion in any

--- Page 256 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
256 
 
 
official register is or will be withdrawn if, at the time of such suspension or withdrawal, the continued provision 
and use of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Notes under the applicable law or regulation during the 
period of such suspension or withdrawal. 
13.2. If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional 
Disruption Event occurs (other than in respect of Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity), the Issuer may take 
the action described in (a) or, if applicable, (b) or (c), as the case may be, below: 
 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement and/or the Redemption Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment. In the case of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, such adjustment may (i) consist of one or more amendments and/or be 
made on one or more dates, (ii) be determined by reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant 
event or circumstance in relation to any hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes and (iii) include, 
without limitation, selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the Conditions 
of the Notes including, where applicable, and unless Unwind Costs is specified as not applicable, to reflect 
any increased costs of the Issuer providing such exposure to the successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of 
more than one successor benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor 
benchmarks; 
 
(i) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event, Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment to each 
Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him, of an amount equal to the fair market value of such 
Note, taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption 
Event less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Base Condition 16 (Notices); or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note, taking into account the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, less, unless Unwind Costs are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates 
of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the “Calculated Additional 
Disruption Amount”) as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Additional Disruption

--- Page 257 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
257 
 
 
Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event (the “Calculated Additional Disruption 
Amount Determination Date”) and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount plus 
interest accrued from and including the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination 
Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to Issuer’s funding cost at such time or (y) if 
Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms); or 
(iii) 
if Highest Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), settle all but not some only of the 
Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(a); or 
(iv) 
if Market Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) redeem all, but not some only of the 
Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(b); or 
(v) 
if Monetisation Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Notes and pay an amount to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such 
Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(c); 
or 
 
in the case of Share Linked Notes linked to a Basket of Shares, the Calculation Agent may adjust the Basket 
of Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share selection set out below 
(each a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each an "Affected Share") which is affected by the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to 
be a "Share" and the relevant issuer of such shares a "Basket Company" for the purposes of the Notes, 
and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or 
Redemption Price and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines 
appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable under the Notes was to be determined by 
reference to the initial price of the Affected Share, the initial price of each Substitute Share will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
initial price = A×(B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on the Substitution 
Valuation Date;

--- Page 258 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
258 
 
 
"B" is the initial price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the relevant Exchange on the Substitution 
Valuation Date. 
"Substitution Valuation Date" is the date selected as such by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below.  
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be effective as of 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be 
the relevant date of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the Weighting of the 
relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share which the Calculation Agent 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(i) 
is not already included in the Basket of Shares; 
(ii) 
the relevant issuer of such share belongs to the same economic sector as the Basket Company in 
respect of the Affected Share; and 
(iii) 
the relevant issuer of such share has a comparable market capitalisation, international standing and 
exposure as the Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share. 
If a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity occurs: 
(A) subject as provided elsewhere in the Conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms, any 
Relevant Assets which are not Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the originally 
designated Maturity Date in accordance with Base Condition 8.3 (Physical Settlement); and 
(B) in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding 
any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the 
relevant Note by payment to the relevant Noteholder of the Failure to Deliver Settlement 
Price on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election (such notice a 
"Failure to Deliver Notice") is given to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 
16 (Notices). Payment of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Failure to Deliver Settlement Price" means, in respect of each nominal amount of the Notes equal to the 
Nominal Amount, the fair market value of the Affected Relevant Assets in respect of such Notes on the fifth

--- Page 259 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
259 
 
 
Business Day prior to the date on which the Failure to Deliver Notice is given as provided above, less the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates or agents of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related hedging arrangements 
(including the cost of funding in respect of such hedging arrangements), all as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall 
notify the Issuer thereof as soon as practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption 
Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not 
affect the validity of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event. 
14. 
KNOCK-IN EVENT AND KNOCK-OUT EVENT 
14.1. If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment and/or 
delivery, as applicable, under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a 
Knock-in Event, shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
14.2. If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment and/or 
delivery, as applicable, under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a 
Knock-out Event, shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
14.3. In respect of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes and Futures 
Linked Notes, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day (a) in respect of Notes other than Debt Linked Notes, at any time during the one hour period that begins 
or ends at the Valuation Time the Level triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Trading 
Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, or (b) in respect or Debt Linked Notes, 
a Market Disruption Event, as applicable, is occurring, then (i) if Disruption Consequences are specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event may occur 
notwithstanding such Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption, Early Closure, or Market Disruption Event 
or (ii) if Disruption Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Knock-in 
Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided that if, by operation of this 
provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in 
Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out 
Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Level as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-
in Event or Knock-out Event.  
14.4. In respect of Commodity Linked Notes or Currency Linked Notes, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the 
Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-

--- Page 260 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
260 
 
 
in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is a Commodity Disrupted Day or a Disrupted Day, 
as applicable, then (i) if Disruption Consequences are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event may occur notwithstanding such day being a Commodity 
Disrupted Day or a Disrupted Day, as the case may be or (ii) if Disruption Consequences are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the 
purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
14.5. In respect of Notes other than Debt Linked Notes, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out 
Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular 
trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day and at any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the time on which the 
Level triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, (a) in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share 
Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes and Futures Linked Notes, a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or 
Early Closure, (b) in the case of Currency Linked Notes, a Disruption Event or (c) in the case of Commodity 
Linked Notes, a Market Disruption Event, in each case occurs or exists, then (i) if Disruption Consequences 
are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event may 
occur notwithstanding such Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption, Early Closure, Disruption Event or 
Market Disruption Event or (ii) if Disruption Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided 
that, in the case of Notes other than Commodity Linked Notes or Currency Linked Notes, if, by operation 
of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the 
Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or 
Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Level as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with 
the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" for the purposes of determining the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event. 
14.6. In respect of Debt Linked Notes, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the exchange 
on which the relevant Debt Instrument is traded or on any exchange on which options contracts or futures 
contracts with respect to such Debt Instrument are traded and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day and at any time at which the Level triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-
out Level, a Market Disruption Event has occurred or is occurring, then (i) if Disruption Consequences are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event may occur 
notwithstanding such Market Disruption Event or (ii) if Disruption Consequences are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not 
to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination 
Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation 
Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the Level as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" for the

--- Page 261 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
261 
 
 
purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event.  
14.7. Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means (a) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, (b) each 
Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in Determination Period, (c) each date specified as such in the Knock-in 
Determination Period, (d) each Fund Business Day in the Knock-in Determination Period, (e) each Business Day 
in the Knock-in Determination Period, (f) each Commodity Business Day in the Knock-in Determination Period, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (g) each MFP Valution Date, (g) each MFP Valuation Date in MFP 
Valuation Period or (h) each MFP Valuation Date indicated as such within the Knock-in Determination Period; 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date; 
"Knock-in Event" means: 
(a) 
if Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if the Notes are Currency Linked Notes and FX Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if FX Coupon Performance is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the FX 
Coupon Performance is; or 
(ii) 
if Performance Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the Performance 
Value is; or 
(c) 
if Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, if the Notes are 
Currency Linked Notes and unless FX Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
(in respect of a single Underlying Reference) that the Level is; or 
(ii) 
(in respect of a Basket of Underlying References) that the amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Underlying Reference as the product of (x) the Level 
of such Underlying Reference and (y) the relevant Weighting is: 
(A) "greater than", "greater than or equal to", "less than" or "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level or, if 
applicable, (B) "within" the Knock-in Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on 
a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; (C) "outside" the Knock-in Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) 
on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period, specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 262 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
262 
 
 
"Knock-in Level" means the FX Knock-in Level or the other level, amount, number or percentage specified as 
such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-in Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, 
Debt Linked Notes or Currency Linked Notes), a Commodity Business Day (in the case of Commodity Linked 
Notes), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Notes) or Business Day (in the case of other Notes), the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the 
case may be; 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-
in Period Ending Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Debt 
Linked Notes or Currency Linked Notes), a Commodity Business Day (in the case of Commodity Linked Notes), 
a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Notes) or Business Day (in the case of other Notes), the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the case 
may be; 
"Knock-in Range Level" means the range of Levels specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant 
Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in 
Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time; 
"Knock-in Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for 
MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted 
Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
"Knock-out Determination Day" means (a) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, (b) each 
Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out Determination Period, (c) each date specified as such in the Knock-out 
Determination Period, (d) each Fund Business Day in the Knock-out Determination Period, (e) each Business Day 
in the Knock-out Determination Period, (f) each Commodity Business Day in the Knock-out Determination Period, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (g) each MFP Valution Date, (g) each MFP Valuation Date in MFP 
Valuation Period or (h) each MFP Valuation Date indicated as such within the Knock-out Determination Period;

--- Page 263 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
263 
 
 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date; 
"Knock-out Event" means: 
(a) if Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Knock-out Value is, or 
(b) 
if the Notes are Currency Linked Notes and FX Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if FX Coupon Performance is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the FX 
Coupon Performance is; or 
(ii) 
if Performance Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the Performance 
Value is; or 
(c) 
if Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, if the Notes are 
Currency Linked Notes and unless FX Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
(in respect of a single Underlying Reference) that the Level is; or 
(ii) 
(in respect of a Basket of Underlying References) that the amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Underlying References as the product of (x) the Level 
of such Underlying Reference and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
(A) "greater than", "greater than or equal to", "less than" or "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level or, if 
applicable, (B) "within" the Knock-out Range Level, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) 
on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; (C) "outside" the Knock-out Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period, specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Level" means the FX Knock-out Level or other level, amount, number or percentage specified as 
such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-out Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked 
Notes, Debt Linked Notes or Currency Linked Notes), a Commodity Business Day (in the case of Commodity 
Linked Notes), , a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Notes) or Business Day (in the case of other

--- Page 264 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
264 
 
 
Notes), the next following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business 
Day, as the case may be; 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-
out Period Ending Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Debt 
Linked Notes or Currency Linked Notes), a Commodity Business Day (in the case of Commodity Linked Notes), 
a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Notes) or Business Day (in the case of other Notes), the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the case 
may be;  
"Knock-out Range Level" means the range of Levels specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant 
Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out 
Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time; 
"Knock-out Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions 
for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted 
Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Level" means, for the purposes of this Base Condition 14.7, (i) the "official level", "official close", "last price", 
"traded price", "bid price" or "asked price" of the Underlying Reference, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
published by the Knock-in Observation Price Source or Knock-out Observation Price Source, as applicable, or (ii) 
if "Standard Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (a) in the case of Share Linked Notes, 
ETI Linked Notes and Futures Linked Notes, the price of the relevant Underlying Reference, (b) in the case of 
Index Linked Notes, the level of the relevant Underlying Reference (c) in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, 
the Relevant Price, (d) in the case of Currency Linked Notes, the spot rate of exchange for the exchange of the 
Alternative Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such Alternative 
Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), or, in each case determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as applicable, or, in the case of the "official close" level, at 
such time as the official close is published by the Knock-in Observation Price Source or Knock-out Observation 
Price Source, as applicable; 
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" means:

--- Page 265 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
265 
 
 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes, Index Linked Note Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and Index Linked 
Note Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index);  
(b) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes, Share Linked Note Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Share Linked Note 
Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share Linked Note Condition 5 (Extraordinary Events);  
(c) 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes, Fund Linked Note Condition 4 (Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund 
Event); 
(d) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes, ETI Linked Note Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and ETI Linked Note 
Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events); 
(e) 
in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Note Condition 2 (Market Disruption), 
Commodity Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption 
Fallbacks) and Commodity Linked Note Condition 4 (Adjustments to a Commodity Index); 
(f) 
in the case of Currency Linked Notes, Currency Linked Note Condition 2 (Disruption Events), Currency 
Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event);  
(g) 
in the case of Futures Linked Notes, Futures Linked Note Condition 3 (Adjustments to a Future);  
(h) 
in the case of Debt Linked Notes, Debt Linked Note Condition 3 (Market Disruption) Debt Linked Note 
Condition 4 (Correction of Debt Instrument Price) and Debt Linked Note Condition 5 (Redemption or 
Cancellation of a Debt Instrument);  
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of this Base Condition 14, each Index, Share, ETI Interest, Debt 
Instrument, Commodity, Fund, Commodity Index, Alternative Currency, Future or other basis of reference to 
which the relevant Notes relate. 
15. 
AGENTS, DETERMINATIONS, MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATIONS 
15.1. Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Custodian and the Account Bank initially appointed 
by the relevant Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and the Custodian act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where 
applicable) and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder.  
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and/or the Liquidation Agent 
and/or the Custodian and/or the Account Bank and/or the Settlement Agent and to appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents, Liquidation Agents, Custodians, Account Banks, Calculation Agents or Settlement Agents 
provided that the relevant Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Calculation Agent where the 
Conditions so require one, (iii) Paying Agents having a specified office in at least two major European cities 
(including Luxembourg so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange), (iv) such other agents

--- Page 266 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
266 
 
 
as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed, and (v) with 
reference to the Secured Notes, so long as any Secured Notes  are outstanding there will at all times be a Liquidation 
Agent and, if required, a Custodian and/or Account Bank. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the holders of Notes in 
accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
The Fiscal Agent initially appointed by the Issuers is BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch and its specified office 
is 60, avenue J.F Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial 
group providing client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its 
operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate 
accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. Further information on the international operating model of BNP 
PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch may be provided upon request 
The Italian Paying Agent initially appointed by the Issuers is MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. and its specified office is Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 20121 Milan, Italy. 
The Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuers is MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
and its specified office is Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 20121 Milan, Italy. 
The Custodian initially appointed by MBFL is is BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch and its specified office is 
60, avenue J.F Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial 
group providing client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its 
operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate 
accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. Further information on the international operating model of BNP 
PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch may be provided upon request. 
The Account Bank initially appointed by MBFL is BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch and its specified office 
is 60, avenue J.F Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial 
group providing client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its 
operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate 
accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. Further information on the international operating model of BNP 
Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch may be provided upon request. 
In the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, the relevant Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Euroclear Registrar, provided that (a) there will at all times be a Euroclear Registrar and (b) so long as the 
Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant authority, there will at all times 
be a Euroclear Registrar with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of 
the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority. In acting under the Euroclear Agreement, the Euroclear 
Registrar acts solely as agent of the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor and does not assume any 
obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with the Noteholders. 
The Euroclear Registrar appointed by the Issuers in connection with each Note will be indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 267 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
267 
 
 
15.2. Calculation Agent  
In relation to each issue of Notes, the Calculation Agent (whether it be Mediobanca or another entity) acts solely 
as agent of the relevant Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust 
for or with, the Noteholders. All calculations and determinations made in respect of the Notes by the Calculation 
Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the relevant Issuer and the 
Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the relevant Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions 
to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
15.3. Determinations by the relevant Issuer 
Any determination made by the relevant Issuer pursuant to these Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest 
error) be final, conclusive and binding on the relevant Issuer and the Noteholders. 
15.4. Occurrence of certain events 
The Issuer or the Calculation Agent are under no obligation to monitor whether or not any of the applicable events 
described in Annex 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes), Annex 3 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Share Linked Notes), Annex 4 (Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Linked Notes), Annex 5 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Debt Linked Notes), Annex 6 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Commodity Linked Notes), Annex 7 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes), Annex 8 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Currency Linked Notes), Annex 9 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Fund Linked Notes); Annex 10 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Futures Linked Notes) and Annex 11 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Interest Rate Linked Notes) has occurred in respect of any Note, Underlying 
Reference or Component, as the case may be. Neither the relevant Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be liable 
to any Noteholder for losses resulting from (i) any determination that any such event has occurred or has not 
occurred, (ii) the timing relating to the determination that any such event has occurred or has not occurred or (iii) 
any actions taken or not taken by the relevant Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent in accordance with these 
Conditions as a result of such determination that any such event has occurred or has not occurred. 
15.5. Meetings of Noteholders  
(i) 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may, without the prior consent of the Noteholders of a Series the Notes 
correct: 
A. 
any manifest error in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or in the Final Terms; 
B. 
any error of a formal, minor or technical nature in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or in 
the Final Terms; or 
C. 
any inconsistency in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or in the Final Terms between the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the Final Terms and any other documents prepared in 
connection with the issue and/or offer of a Series of Notes,

--- Page 268 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
268 
 
 
provided such correction is not materially prejudicial to the Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes.  
Any such correction shall be binding on the Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes and the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) shall cause such correction to be notified to the Noteholders of the 
relevant Series of Notes as soon as practicable thereafter pursuant to Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
In addition, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor may modify from time to time in the relevant Final Terms 
the time references to certain Business Days contained in these Conditions. 
(ii) 
The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any 
breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or (in 
the case of the CREST Dematerialised Notes) the Euroclear Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be 
expected to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of Notes. 
(iii) 
With respect to Secured Notes, the Security Trustee may without the consent or sanction of the Noteholders, 
at any time and from time to time concur with MBFL in making or permitting any modification to the 
Security Trust Deed, any Supplemental Trust Deed, any Additional Charging Document, any Charged 
Agreement or any other transaction document relating to a Series of Secured Notes to which it is a party 
(the “Relevant Documents” and each a “Relevant Document”) PROVIDED THAT the Security Trustee 
is of the opinion that: 
A. 
such modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
B. 
in the opinion of the Security Trustee such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature or 
to correct a manifest error or an error which is, in the opinion of the Security Trustee, proven.  
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Security 
Trustee may determine, shall be binding upon the Noteholders and unless the Security Trustee agrees 
otherwise, shall be notified by MBFL to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
(iv) 
With respect to Secured Notes, the Security Trustee is obliged to consent to any modification to a Series of 
Secured Notes or any Relevant Document if directed and requested to so do by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders of such Series, provided that it will not be obliged to consent to any modification which, 
in the sole opinion of the Security Trustee, would have the effect of: 
A. 
exposing the Security Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction; or 
B. 
increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the protections, of the Security Trustee in Secured 
Notes, or any Relevant Document. 
(v) 
With respect to Secured Notes, the Security Trustee may without the consent or sanction of the Noteholders, 
and without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, at any time and from time to time 
but only if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of the Noteholders shall not be materially prejudiced 
thereby waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by MBFL or any other person of any of the 
covenants or provisions contained in the Secured Notes, or any Relevant Document, provided that the

--- Page 269 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
269 
 
 
Security Trustee shall not exercise any powers conferred on it by this clause in contravention of any express 
direction given by the Instructing Creditor.  
Any such waiver, authorisation or determination may be given or made on such terms and subject to such 
conditions (if any) as the Security Trustee may determine, shall be binding on the Noteholders and, if, but 
only if, the Security Trustee shall so require, shall be notified by MBFL to the Noteholders in accordance 
with the Base Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
16. 
NOTICES  
All notices to Noteholders shall be valid if (i) except in case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, until such time as 
any Definitive Notes are issued, the notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System(s), for communication by 
them to the Noteholders, or in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes, mailed to the Holder at the address of the 
Noteholder appearing in the Record on the second Business Day prior to despatch of such notice, by first class 
post or, if such address is not in the United Kingdom, by airmail post (any such notice to be delivered or sent at 
the risk of the relevant Noteholder); (ii) if and so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's 
regulated market (and listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin), the notice is published in accordance with 
the rules and regulations of Euronext Dublin (which shall include publication in a leading newspaper having 
general 
circulation 
in 
Ireland 
or 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin), or on the website of the relevant Issuer (www.mediobanca.it or 
www.mediobancaint.lu) and the Guarantor (www.mediobanca.it)); (iii) if and so long as the Notes are admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, the notice is published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (which shall include publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.lu) or 
on the website of the relevant Issuer (www.mediobanca.it or www.mediobancaint.lu) and the Guarantor 
(www.mediobanca.it)), and (iv) if and so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Italian Stock Exchange, 
the notice is published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Italian Stock Exchange (which shall 
include publication on the website of the Italian Stock Exchange (www.borsaitaliana.it) or on the website of the 
relevant Issuer (www.mediobanca.it or www.mediobancaint.lu) and the Guarantor (www.mediobanca.it)). The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any other 
stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they 
have been admitted to trading. If Definitive Notes are issued or any such publication is not practicable, notice will 
be deemed validly given if published in a leading daily English language newspaper of general circulation in 
Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above.  
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with this Condition.  
17. 
EXPENSES AND TAXATION

--- Page 270 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
270 
 
 
(a) 
A holder of Notes must pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository charges, 
transaction or exercise charges, sale commissions, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, 
securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising from the settlement of such Notes and/or the delivery 
or transfer of the Entitlement (as applicable) pursuant to the terms of such Notes ("Expenses") relating to 
such Notes as provided above. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay, and the relevant Noteholder shall be liable for 
and/or pay, any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, 
transfer, exercise or enforcement of any Note by any person. All payments made by the relevant Issuer shall 
be made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, 
paid, withheld or deducted and no additional amount shall be payable to any relevant Noteholder in respect 
of any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of Noteholders to create and issue further Notes 
so as to be consolidated with and form a single series with the outstanding Notes, provided that in the case of 
Secured Notes: 
(a) 
where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final Terms then the 
Counterparty or the relevant Issuer delivers or transfers additional Collateral Assets to the relevant Issuer 
or the Custodian, as applicable, pursuant to the Charged Agreement(s) and enters into an additional or 
supplemental Charged Agreement(s) (if applicable) or, 
(b) 
where Collateral Arrangements Only is specified as applying in the Final Terms the relevant Issuer provides 
additional Collateral Assets to the extent required, 
in the case of (a) or (b) so that the Collateral Assets Coverage Requirement is satisfied immediately after issue of 
the further Notes (even if this is not the case subsequently) and in each case references to “Notes” and “Collateral 
Assets” and, where applicable, “Charged Agreement(s)” shall thereafter be deemed to be references to such terms 
as amended to take into account the further issue. 
19. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE RELEVANT ISSUER 
19.1. Substitution of Issuer  
(a) 
The Issuer and, in case of Notes issued by Mediobanca International, the Guarantor may at any time, 
without the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons, substitute Mediobanca, or any other third party 
entity, as Issuer in place of Mediobanca International, or any other third party entity, as Issuer in place of 
Mediobanca (each a "Substitute") upon notice by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in case of Notes issued 
by Mediobanca International) and the Substitute to be given in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) 
provided that; 
(i) 
no payment in respect of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or the Mediobanca International

--- Page 271 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
271 
 
 
Deed of Guarantee (as the case may be) is at the relevant time overdue; 
(ii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of a deed poll in the form scheduled to the Programme Manual as 
Schedule 9 (the "Deed Poll"), agree to indemnify each holder of Notes against any incremental tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) 
the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its 
incorporation with respect to any Note, Receipt, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant and which 
would not have been so imposed or otherwise suffered by any holder of Notes, Receipts or Coupons 
had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental 
charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution; 
(iii) 
in respect of Notes issued by Mediobanca International, where the Substitute is not the Guarantor, 
the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons and 
Deed of Covenant shall be unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantor by means of the Deed Poll, 
in accordance with the terms thereof; 
(iv) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of 
any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons and 
Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, 
where applicable, of the Guarantor have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and 
effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or, where the 
Notes are CREST Dematerialised Notes, the Euroclear Registrar, with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(vi) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case 
of CREST Dematerialised Notes), and Dealers from lawyers of recognised standing in each 
jurisdiction referred to in (ii) above, in Italy and in England as to the fulfilment of the requirements 
of this Base Condition 19 and the other matters specified in the Deed Poll and that the Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute; 
(vii) 
 each stock exchange on which the Notes are listed shall have confirmed that, following the proposed 
substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(viii) if applicable, the Substitute has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to receive service 
of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Deed Poll and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substitute shall succeed to, 
and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power, of the relevant Issuer under the Notes and 
the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised 
Notes), with the same effect as if the Substitute had been named as the relevant Issuer herein, and the 
relevant Issuer shall be released from its obligations under the Notes and under the Issue and Paying Agency

--- Page 272 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
272 
 
 
Agreement, or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes). 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Base Condition 19.1(a), the Substitute may, without the consent of any 
holder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in Base Condition 19.1(a) and Base 
Condition 19.1(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these Conditions to the relevant Issuer 
shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further Substitute. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Base Condition 19.1(a) or Base Condition 19.1(c) any Substitute may, 
without the consent of any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Fiscal 
Agent or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes). Copies of such documents 
will be available free of charge at the specified office of the Paying Agent or the Euroclear Registrar (in the 
case of CREST Dematerialised Notes). 
19.2. Limitation to Substitution of Issuer 
The Base Condition 19 (Substitution of the relevant Issuer) do not apply to Notes issued by MBFL. 
19.3. Modification of Conditions as a result of Substitution of Issuer 
After any substitution pursuant to Base Condition 19.1 (Substitution of Issuer) above, the Conditions will be 
modified in all consequential respects including, but not limited to, replacement of references to the Republic of 
Italy in the Conditions where applicable, by references to the country of incorporation, domicile and/or residence 
for tax purposes of the Substitute, as the case may be. Such modifications shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
20. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE ITALIAN BAIL-IN POWER  
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or understandings 
between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and without prejudice to Article 55(1) 
of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each holder (which, for the purposes of this Base Condition 20, 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be 
bound by: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise may 
include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, 
of the settlement amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid Interest due thereon 
and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the 
settlement amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid Interest due thereon and 
any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, 
securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of these 
Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the settlement amount in respect of the Notes together with

--- Page 273 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
273 
 
 
any accrued but unpaid Interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and 
(iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of Interest 
payable on the Notes, or the date on which the Interest amount becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect to the 
exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an event of default and 
these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant Authority in accordance with 
this Base Condition 20. 
21. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE LUXEMBOURG BAIL-IN POWER  
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or understandings 
between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and without prejudice to Article 55(1) 
of the BRRD (as transposed into Luxembourg law by Article 56(1) of the Luxembourg BRRD Law), by its 
acquisition of the Notes each holder (which, for the purposes of this Base Condition 21, includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise may 
include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, 
of the settlement amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid Interest due thereon 
and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the 
settlement amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid Interest due thereon and 
any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares or other types of capital 
instruments of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares or 
capital instruments), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; 
(iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the settlement amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued 
but unpaid Interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of Interest payable on 
the Notes, or the date on which the Interest amount becomes payable, including by suspending payment for 
a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect to the 
exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an event of default 
and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with this Base Condition 21. 
22. 
ADJUSTMENTS FOR EUROPEAN MONETARY UNION 
Unless Redenomination is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, without the

--- Page 274 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
274 
 
 
consent of the Noteholders, on giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices): 
(a) 
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms of the Notes shall be 
redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
where the Settlement Currency of the Notes is the National Currency Unit of a country which is 
participating in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, such Settlement 
Currency shall be deemed to be an amount of euro converted from the original Settlement Currency 
into euro at the Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as to rounding as the Calculation 
Agent may decide and as may be specified in the notice, and after the Adjustment Date, all payments 
of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes will be made solely in euro as though 
references in the Notes to the Settlement Currency were to euro; 
(ii) 
where the Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions (as completed in the applicable 
Final Terms) are expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, contemplate the exchange from 
or into, the currency (the "Original Currency") of a country which is participating in the third stage 
of European Economic and Monetary Union, such Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these 
Conditions shall be deemed to be expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, converted from 
or, as the case may be into, euro at the Established Rate; and 
(iii) 
such other changes shall be made to these Conditions (as completed in the applicable Final Terms) 
as the relevant Issuer may decide, in its sole and absolute discretion to conform them to conventions 
then applicable to instruments expressed in euro; and/or 
(b) 
require that the Calculation Agent makes such adjustments to the Weighting and/or the Redemption Price 
and/or the Settlement Price and/or any other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms 
as the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, may determine to 
be appropriate to account for the effect of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union on 
the Weighting and/or the Redemption Price and/or the Settlement Price and/or such other terms of these 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor any of their Affiliates, the Calculation 
Agent or any of the Paying Agents shall be liable to any Noteholder or other person for any commissions, costs, 
losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the transfer of euro or any currency conversion or rounding 
effected in connection therewith. 
In this Base Condition, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Adjustment Date" means a date specified by the relevant Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant 
to this Base Condition which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Original Currency first 
participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty;

--- Page 275 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
275 
 
 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Original Currency (including compliance with rules 
relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Union regulations) into euro established by the 
Council of the European Union Article 140 of the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union 
pursuant to the Treaty; 
"National Currency Unit" means the unit of the currency of a country, as those units are defined on the day before 
the date on which the country of the Original Currency first participates in the third stage of European Economic 
and Monetary Union; and 
"Treaty" means the treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
23. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
Subject as provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and in the Euroclear Agreement (the case of 
CREST Dematerialised Notes) the Notes do not confer on any third party any rights under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999 (the Act) to enforce any term of the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy 
of a third party which exists or is available apart from the Act. 
24. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law: If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the Notes, the Notes 
and any contractual or non-contractual obligations arising from or connected with the Notes are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save for the status provisions applicable to the 
Notes and the contractual recognition of bail-in powers provisions, and any non contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with such provisions set out in Base Conditions 20 (Acknowledgement of the 
Italian Bail-in power) and 21 (Acknowledgement of the Luxembourg Bail-in power) (the “status and bail-
in recognition provisions”), which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law (if 
the Notes are issued by Mediobanca) or Luxembourg law (if the Notes are issued by Mediobanca 
International), as applicable. If it is specified in the Final Terms that Italian law is applicable to the Notes, 
the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law, save, in case Notes are 
issued by Mediobanca International, for the status and bail-in recognition provisions which shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Luxembourg law. Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the 
Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, are not applicable to the 
Notes. In relation to Secured Notes, the Custody Agreement and the Account Bank Agreement are governed 
by the Luxembourg law. Any Additional Charging Document may be governed by a law other than English 
law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the Notes, the courts of 
England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute"), arising from or connected with the 
Notes, whether arising out of or in connection with contractual or non-contractual obligations, subject to 
the status and bail-in recognition provisions. If it is specified in the Final Terms that Italian law is applicable 
to the Notes, the Courts of Milan shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out

--- Page 276 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
276 
 
 
of or in connection with these Notes, whether arising out of or in connection with contractual or non-
contractual obligations, subject to the status and bail-in recognition provisions. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the Notes, each of 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) agrees that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that they will not argue to the 
contrary. 
(d) 
Service of notices/documents: If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the Notes, 
each of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) agrees that the documents which start any 
proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") and any other documents required to be served in relation 
to those Proceedings may be served on them by being delivered to Mediobanca – London Branch, 4th floor, 
62 Buckingham Gate SW1E 6AJ, United Kingdom. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively 
appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable), 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder 
addressed and delivered to the relevant Issuer and to the Guarantor (where applicable) or to the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), appoint 
a further person in England to accept service of process on their behalf and, failing such appointment within 
15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) and delivered to the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where 
applicable) or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST 
Dematerialised Notes). Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process 
in any other manner permitted by law. This clause applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings 
elsewhere. 
(e) 
Non-applicable Conditions if Italian law applies to the Notes: If it is specified in the Final Terms that Italian 
law is applicable to the Notes, Base Condition 24(c), Base Condition 24(d) and Base Condition 23 
(Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999) shall not apply.

--- Page 277 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
277 
 
 
ANNEX 1 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
The following terms and conditions (the "Formulas Conditions"), subject to completion in the applicable Final 
Terms, relate to the Final Payouts, Interest Rates, Automatic Early Redemption Payouts, Call Payouts and Put 
Payouts and Entitlements in respect of the Notes. In particular, certain sections of the Formulas Conditions will 
be set out and completed in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the "Base Conditions") and the Formulas Conditions, the Formulas Conditions shall 
prevail. The descriptions of the certain final payouts, put payouts and interests amount rates and/or related 
provisions included in italics below do not form part of the Formulas Conditions, are included for information 
purposes only and are subject to the detailed terms of the relevant final payouts, put payouts and interests amount 
rates as applicable.  
1. 
FINAL PAYOUTS 
1.1 
Final Payouts Formulas 
The following final payouts (each a "Final Payout") shall apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
Single Final Payout - Protected Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Protected Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Protection Level: 
Nominal Amount × Protection Factor; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Protection Level: 
Nominal Amount + Nominal Amount × Participation Factor × ((Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) −1) 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or less 
than the Protection Level, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount multiplied by the 
Protection Factor. Otherwise, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus the 
performance of the Underlying Reference multiplied by the Participation Factor. 
(b) 
Single Final Payout - Protected Capped Notes 
If Single Final Payout - Protected Capped Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms:

--- Page 278 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
278 
 
 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Protection Level: 
Nominal Amount × Protection Factor; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Protection Level: 
Min (Nominal Amount + Nominal Amount ×  Participation Factor ×
[(
Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) −1] ; Nominal Amount × Cap Level Percentage)  
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or less 
than the Protection Level, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount multiplied by the 
Protection Factor. Otherwise the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus the performance 
of the Underlying Reference multiplied by the Participation Factor, subject to a cap of the Cap 
Level Percentage.  
(c) 
Single Final Payout - Parity and Exchange Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Parity and Exchange Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Maximum Payout Amount: 
Settlement Price Final
Parity×Exchange Rate Final ; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Maximum Payout Amount: 
Maximum Payout Amount
Parity × Exchange Rate Final 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or less 
than the Maximum Payout Amount, the Final Payout will equal the Settlement Price on the 
Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise the Final 
Payout will equal the Maximum Payout Amount (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final 
and Parity). 
(d) 
Single Final Payout – Double Coupon Notes  
If Single Final Payout – Double Coupon Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Barrier Level:

--- Page 279 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
279 
 
 
Nominal Amount × (100% + Coupon Percentage 1); or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is equal to or less than the Barrier Level: 
Nominal Amount  × (Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
+ Coupon Percentage 2) 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus the Coupon Percentage 1. 
Otherwise the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount multiplied for the performance of the 
Underlying Reference plus the Coupon Percentage 2 (which may also be a negative percentage).  
(e) 
Single Final Payout - Continuous Double Coupon Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Continuous Double Coupon Notes is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level: 
Nominal Amount × (100% + Coupon Percentage 1); or  
(ii) 
if at any time on an Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Nominal Amount × (Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
+ Coupon Percentage 2) 
Description of the Final Payout 
If at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying Reference 
Level is greater than the Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus the 
Coupon Percentage 1. Otherwise the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus the 
performance of the Underlying Reference and the Coupon Percentage 2. (which may also be a 
negative percentage). 
(f) 
Single Final Payout - Leveraged Capped Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Leveraged Capped Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Strike Price:

--- Page 280 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
280 
 
 
Nominal Amount  × Min [Participation Factor × ( 
Settlement Price Final−Strike Price
Strike Price
) +
1; Cap Level Percentage]; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Strike Price: 
Nominal Amount × (
Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
)   
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Strike Price, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus a Participation Factor multiplied 
by the performance of the Underlying Reference, subject to a cap of the Cap Level Percentage. 
Otherwise, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus the performance of the Underlying 
Reference. 
(g) 
Single Final Payout - Knock-Out Leveraged Capped Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Knock-Out Leveraged Capped Notes is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Strike Price: 
Nominal Amount × Min [Participation Factor × ( Settlement Price Final −Strike Price
Strike Price
) + 1; Cap Level Percentage] ; 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Strike Price and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred: 
Nominal Amount × AirbagPercentage; or 
(iii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Strike Price and a Knock-out Event has 
occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (
Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) . 
"AirbagPercentage" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Strike Price, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus a Participation Factor multiplied 
by the lesser of the performance of the Underlying Reference and the Cap Level Percentage. 
Otherwise, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus the performance of the Underlying 
Reference.

--- Page 281 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
281 
 
 
(h) 
Single Final Payout - Strike-Out Leveraged Capped Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Strike-Out Leveraged Capped Notes is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Strike Price: 
Nominal Amount  × Min [Participation Factor × ( Settlement Price Final −Strike Price
Strike Price
) + 1; Cap Level Percentage] 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Strike Price and equal to or greater than 
the Barrier Level: 
Nominal Amount × AirbagPercentage; or 
(iii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than the Barrier Level: 
Nominal Amount × (Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) 
where: 
"AirbagPercentage" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Strike Price, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus a Participation Factor multiplied 
by the lesser of the performance of the Underlying Reference and Cap Level Percentage.  
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than or equal 
to the Strike Price and no Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal 
Amount multiplied by the AirbagPercentage.  
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than or equal 
to the Strike Price and the Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal 
Amount plus the performance of the Underlying Reference. 
(i) 
Single Final Payout - Capped Speed Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Capped Speed Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Strike Price: 
 [Strike Price + Speed Factor × [Min (Upper Level; Settlement Price Final) −Strike Price]  
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
]if

--- Page 282 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
282 
 
 
Settlement Price Final
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final] 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Strike Price, the Final Payout will equal the Strike Price plus the Speed Factor multiplied by the 
difference between (i) the lesser of the Upper Level and the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying 
Reference on the Valuation Date and (ii) the Strike Price, divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity. Otherwise, the Final Payout will equal the Settlement Price Final of the 
Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final 
and Parity. 
(j) 
Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus Parity Exchange Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus Parity Exchange Notes is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Barrier Level: 
Bonus Level
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Min [Settlement Price Final; Cap Level]
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Bonus Level (divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise the Final Payout will be equal to the Settlement Price Final on 
the Valuation Date, subject to a cap of the Cap Level, divided by the product of the Exchange Rate 
Final and Parity. 
(k) 
Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than the Cap Level and equal to or greater than the Barrier 
Level: 
Nominal Amount × Max (Bonus Level Percentage; Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
)

--- Page 283 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
283 
 
 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Cap Level: 
Nominal Amount × Cap Level Percentage; or 
(iii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than the Barrier Level: 
Nominal Amount × (
Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
)  
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than the Cap 
Level but equal to or greater than the Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal 
Amount multiplied by the greater of the Bonus Level Percentage and the performance of the 
Underlying Reference. If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation 
Date is equal to or greater than the Cap Level, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount 
multiplied by the Cap Level Percentage. If the Settlement Price Final of the underlying Reference 
on the Valuation Date is less than the Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal 
Amount plus the performance of the Underlying Reference. 
(l) 
Single Final Payout - Reverse Capped Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Reverse Capped Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred and Settlement Price Final is greater than the Cap Level: 
Nominal Amount × Max [ Reverse Capped Notes Percentage 1 −
Bonus Level Percentage;  Reverse Capped Notes Percentage 2  − 
Settlement Price Final
Strike Price 
  ] 
(ii) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred and Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the 
Cap Level: 
Nominal Amount × [Reverse Capped Notes Percentage 3 - Cap Level Percentage 1]; or 
(iii) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
 Nominal Amount 
× [Max (Floor Percentage; Min ((Reverse Capped Notes Percentage 4
−   Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) ; (Reverse Capped Notes Percentage 5 −   Cap Level Percentage 2 )))]

--- Page 284 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
284 
 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Cap Level and no Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount 
multiplied by the lesser of (i) the Reverse Capped Notes Percentage 1 minus the Bonus Level 
Percentage or (ii) the Reverse Capped Notes Percentage 2 less the performance of the Underlying 
Reference.  
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or less 
than the Cap Level, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount multiplied by Reverse Capped 
Notes Percentage 3 minus the Cap Level Percentage 1.  
If a Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount multiplied by 
the lesser of (i) the Reverse Capped Notes Percentage 4 minus the performance of the Underlying 
Reference and (ii) the Reverse Capped Notes Percentage 5 minus the Cap Level Percentage 2, 
provided that the Final Payout will not be less than the Nominal Amount multiplied by the Floor 
Percentage. 
(m) 
 Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus Parity Exchange Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus Parity Exchange Notes is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference Level has never been less than or equal to the Barrier Level at 
any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period: 
Bonus Level
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final];  or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Min [Settlement Price Final; Cap Level]
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
  
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level has never been less than or equal to the Barrier Level during the 
Observation Period, the Final Payout will be equal to the Bonus Level (divided by the product of 
the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise the Final Payout will be equal to the Settlement 
Price Final on the Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity) 
subject to a maximum of Cap Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
(n) 
Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus Notes

--- Page 285 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
285 
 
 
If Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level and if Settlement Price Final is less than 
the Cap Level: 
Nominal Amount × Max (Bonus Level Percentage; Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) 
(ii) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level and if Settlement Price Final is greater than 
or equal to the Cap Level: 
Nominal Amount × Cap Level Percentage 1; or 
(iii) 
if at any time on an Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Nominal Amount × Min (Cap Level Percentage 2; 
Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than the Cap 
Level and if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount 
multiplied by the maximum of the Bonus Level Percentage and the performance of the Underlying 
Reference.  
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or 
greater than the Cap Level and if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation 
Period the Underlying Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level, the Final Payout will 
equal the Nominal Amount multiplied by the Cap Level Percentage 1.  
If at any time on an Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying Reference 
Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount 
multiplied by the performance of the Underlying Reference subject to a maximum of the Nominal 
Amount multiplied by Cap Level Percentage 2. 
(o) 
Single Final Payout - Standard Express Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Standard Express Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms:

--- Page 286 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
286 
 
 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Barrier Level: 
Express Amount; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Issue Price × (Settlement Price Final
StrikePrice
) 
Description of the Payout 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Express Amount.  
Otherwise, the Final Payout will equal the Issue Price plus the performance of the Underlying 
Reference. 
(p) 
Single Final Payout – Continuous Reverse Level Parity Exchange Notes  
If Single Final Payout – Continuous Reverse Level Parity Exchange Notes is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than the Barrier Level: 
Reverse Level−Bonus Level
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final] ; or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Max [ 0; Reverse Level −Max [Settlement Price Final; Cap Level]
Parity × Exchange Rate Final
] 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level is at all times during the Observation Period less than the Barrier 
Level, the Final Payout will equal the difference between the Reverse Level and the Bonus Level 
(divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise the Final Payout will 
equal the Reverse Level minus the greater of the Settlement Price Final on the Valuation Date and 
the Cap Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity), provided that, in 
such case, the Final Payout will not be less than zero. 
(q) 
Single Final Payout - Standard Step Memory Notes 
If Single Final Payout - Standard Step Memory Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms:

--- Page 287 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
287 
 
 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Strike Price: 
Nominal Amount × [100%+Premium Percentage × [n]]; 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Strike Price and greater than the Barrier 
Level: 
Nominal Amount ×100%; or 
(iii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Nominal Amount × [100% + Settlement Price Final −Underlying Reference Initial
Underlying Reference Initial
] 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Strike Price, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus a premium multiplied by a 
memory effect. If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is 
lower than or equal to the Strike Price but greater than the Barrier Level, the Final Payout will 
equal the Nominal Amount. If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the 
Valuation Date is less than or equal to the Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal 
Amount plus the performance of the Underlying Reference. 
(r) 
Single Final Payout - Standard Memory Notes  
If Single Final Payout Standard Memory Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Barrier Level: 
Nominal Amount × [100% + [Premium Percentage] × [n]]; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Nominal Amount × [100% + (Settlement Price Final −Underlying Reference Initial
Underlying Reference Initial
)] 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus a premium multiplied by a 
memory effect.  
Otherwise, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus the performance of the Underlying 
Reference.

--- Page 288 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
288 
 
 
(s) 
Single Final Payout - Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes 
If Single Final Payout - Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms:  
Cert (t0)  × AF (t) × [UR (t) × Fx (t) /(UR (t0) × Fx (t0)) ] 
where: 
"ACT(i,i-1)" means the number of calendar days between two ACT Days; 
"ACT Day" means Scheduled Trading Days, Commodity Business Days or calendar days as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AF(t)" means fees factor(t) × div reinvested factor(t); 
"Applicable Withholding Tax" means a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent 
representing the amount of taxes deducted or withheld at source by or on behalf of any applicable 
authority having the power to tax in respect of any cash dividends ex-dividend at dateti payable in 
respect of the relevant Share or a constituent share in an Index pursuant to any applicable double 
taxation treaty or domestic law prevailing at the time of the distribution; 
"Cert(t0)" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"div reinvested factor(t)" means: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference is a Share or an Index (where in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent dividends on the constituent share are not reinvested in the Index),  
Product (ti=t0+1) to (ti=t) (1 + Div Percentage × Gross div(ti) / UR(ti-1)); or  
(ii) 
otherwise, 1;

--- Page 289 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
289 
 
 
"Div Percentage" means: 
(i) 
if Applicable Withholding Tax is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if Applicable Withholding Tax is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 1 – Applicable Withholding Tax;  
"Exchange Rate Previous" means Exchange Rate Initial or the Exchange Rate on the Initial 
Valuation Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"fees" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"fees factor(t)" means Product (ti=t0+1) to (ti=t) (1 – fees × ACT(i,i-1)/360); 
"First Valuation Date" means the Strike Date or the Initial Valuation Date, as specified in the Final 
Terms; 
"Fx(t)" means Exchange Rate Final; 
"Fx(t0)" means Exchange Rate Previous; 
"Gross div(ti)" means (i) if the Underlying Reference is a Share, any ordinary cash dividends (before 
deduction of any withholding or deduction of taxes at source by or on behalf of any applicable 
authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividend and without any tax credit refund or 
deduction granted by any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividend) 
ex-dividend at dateti and effectively paid or (ii) if the Underlying Reference is an Index, any ordinary 
cash dividends (before deduction of any withholding or deduction of taxes at source by or on behalf 
of any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividend and without any tax 
credit refund or deduction granted by any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of 
such dividend) ex-dividend at date ti on any constituent share in such Index at date ti, taking into 
account the weight of such constituent share at date ti-1 and effectively paid, provided that if no 
ordinary cash dividends are paid ex-dividend at dateti, Gross div(ti) will be zero; 
"Initial Valuation Date" is the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The Initial 
Valuation Date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date and shall be subject to the provisions thereof; 
"UR(t)" means Settlement Price Final; 
"UR(ti-1)" means the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Scheduled Trading 
Day prior to the Dividend ex Date(ti-1); and 
"UR(t0)" means the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the First Valuation Date. 
Description of the Final Payout

--- Page 290 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
290 
 
 
The Final Payout replicates the performance of the Underlying Reference less certain amounts 
(including, but not limited to, fees (including quanto fees), dividends paid (if applicable) and roll 
fees depending on the Underlying Reference). 
(t) 
Single Final Payout – Continuous Bonus Floored Exchange Parity Notes 
If Single Final Payout – Continuous Bonus Floored Exchange Parity Notes is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference Level has never been less than or equal to the Barrier Level at 
any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period: 
Max [Settlement Price Final;Bonus Level]
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final]
  ; or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Settlement Price Final
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final]  . 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level has never been less than or equal to the Barrier Level during the 
Observation Period, the Final Payout will be equal to the maximum between the Bonus Level 
(divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity) and the Settlement Price Final on 
the Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise the 
Final Payout will be equal to the Settlement Price Final on the Valuation Date (divided by the 
product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
(u) 
Single Final Payout Continuous Bonus Floored Notes  
If Single Final Payout Continuous Bonus Floored Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level: 
Nominal Amount × Max (Bonus Level Percentage; 
Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) ; or 
(ii) 
if at any time on an Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Nominal Amount × (Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
)  
Description of the Final Payout

--- Page 291 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
291 
 
 
If at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying Reference 
Level is greater than the Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount multiplied 
by the maximum between the Bonus Level Percentage and the performance of the Underlying 
Reference. Otherwise the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus the performance of the 
Underlying Reference. 
(v) 
Single Final Payout – Continuous Capped Reverse Level Parity Exchange Notes  
If Single Final Payout – Continuous Capped Reverse Level Parity Exchange Notes is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level has been less than the Barrier Level: 
Reverse Level−Min [Bonus Level;Settlement Price Final]
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
; or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Max [ 
Floor Level
(Parity × Exchange Rate Final)  ; 
(Reverse Level−Settlement Price Final)
(Parity × Exchange Rate Final) 
 ] 
Where: 
"Floor Level" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level is less than the Barrier Level at all times during the Observation 
Period, the Final Payout will equal the Reverse Level minus the minimum between the Bonus Level 
and the Settlement Price Final on the Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate 
Final and Parity). Otherwise the Final Payout will equal the maximum between the Reverse Level 
minus the Settlement Price Final on the Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity) and the Floor Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and 
Parity). 
(w) 
Single Final Payout – Upside and Downside Notes  
If Single Final Payout – Upside and Downside Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × [100% + Redemption Premium]; or 
(ii) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred:

--- Page 292 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
292 
 
 
Nominal Amount × (Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
)         
Where "Redemption Premium" means: 
Max [Upside Participation Factor × (Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
−1) ; Downside Participation Factor
× (1 −Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
)] 
Description of the Final Payout and Redemption Premium 
If no Knock-out Event occurs, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus the Redemption 
Premium. Otherwise, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus the performance of the 
Underlying Reference. The Redemption Premium is the absolute value of the performance of the 
Underlying Reference multiplied by the relevant participation factor. 
(x) 
Single Final Payout - Capped Upside and Downside Notes  
If Single Final Payout Capped Upside and Downside Notes is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Cap Level and no Knock-out Event 
has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Cap Level Percentage 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than the Cap Level and no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × [100% + Redemption Premium]; or 
(iii) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
[Nominal Amount] × Min ((Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) ; Cap Level Percentage) 
Where "Redemption Premium" means: 
Max [Upside Participation Factor 
× (Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
−1) ; Downside Participation Factor 
× (1 −Settlement Price Final
Strike Price
) 
Description of the Final Payout and Redemption Premium

--- Page 293 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
293 
 
 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or 
greater than the Cap Level and if no Knock-out Event occurs, the Final Payout will equal the 
Nominal Amount multiplied by the Cap Level Percentage. If the Settlement Price Final of the 
Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than the Cap Level and no Knock-out Event 
occurs, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount plus the Redemption Premium.  
If the Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout will equal the Nominal Amount multiplied 
by the minimum between the performance of the Underlying Reference and the Cap Level 
Percentage. The Redemption Premium is the absolute value of the performance of the Underlying 
Reference multiplied by the relevant participation factor.  
(y) 
Single Final Payout – Continuous Bonus Barrier Notes  
If Single Final Payout – Continuous Bonus Barrier Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level and equal to or greater than the 
Bonus Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Bonus Level: 
Bonus Level
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final] ; or 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Bonus Level: 
Settlement Price Final
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final] 
(ii) 
if at any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level and at all times less than the Bonus 
Level: 
Settlement Price Final
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final] ;or 
(iii) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Bonus Level: 
Bonus Level
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final] ; or 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Bonus Level:

--- Page 294 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
294 
 
 
Settlement Price Final
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final] 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level has at any time been less than or equal to the Barrier Level 
during the Observation Period and equal to or greater than the Bonus Level, the Final Payout will 
be equal to the maximum between the Bonus Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate 
Final and Parity) and the Settlement Price Final on the Valuation Date (divided by the product of 
the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the Underlying Reference has at any time been less than or 
equal to the Barrier Level during the Observation Period and at all times less than the Bonus Level, 
the Final Payout will be equal to the Settlement Price Final on the Valuation Date (divided by the 
product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the Underlying Reference Level has at all times 
been greater than the Barrier Level during the Observation Period, the Final Payout will be equal 
to the maximum between the Bonus Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and 
Parity) and the Settlement Price Final on the Valuation Date (divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
(z) 
Single Final Payout – Capped Continuous Bonus Barrier Notes 
If Single Final Payout – Capped Continuous Bonus Barrier Notes is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level and equal to or greater than the 
Bonus Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Bonus Level: 
Bonus Level
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final] ; or 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Bonus Level: 
Min [Settlement Price Final, Cap Percentage 1]
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final]
 
(ii) 
if at any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level and at all times less than the Bonus 
Level: 
Min [Settlement Price Final, Cap Percentage 2]
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final]

--- Page 295 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
295 
 
 
(iii) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Bonus Level: 
Bonus Level
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final] ; or 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Bonus Level: 
Min [Settlement Price Final, Cap Percentage 3]
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final]
 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level has at any time been less than or equal to the Barrier Level 
during the Observation Period and equal to or greater than the Bonus Level, the Final Payout will 
be equal to the maximum between the Bonus Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate 
Final and Parity) and the Settlement Price Final on the Valuation Date subject to a maximum of 
Cap Percentage 1 (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity).  
If the Underlying Reference has at any time been less than or equal to the Barrier Level during the 
Observation Period and at all times less than the Bonus Level, the Final Payout will be equal to the 
Settlement Price Final on the Valuation Date subject to a Cap Percentage 2 (divided by the product 
of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the Underlying Reference Level has at all times been 
greater than the Barrier Level during the Observation Period, the Final Payout will be equal to the 
maximum between the Bonus Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity) 
and the Settlement Price Final on the Valuation Date subject to a maximum of Cap Percentage 3 
(divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
(aa) 
Single Final Payout - Lower Collared Knock-Out Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Lower Collared Knock-Out Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Upper Level: 
Upper Level −Lower Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final] 
(ii) 
if the Settlement Price Final is greater than the Lower Level and less than the Upper Level: 
Settlement Price Final−Lower Level
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final]
 ;or 
(iii) 
if the Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Lower Level:

--- Page 296 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
296 
 
 
Final Level
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final] 
where:  
"Final Level" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Lower Level, the Final Payout will be equal to the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying 
Reference on the Valuation Date less the Lower Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate 
Final and Parity), provided that, in such case, the Final Payout will not be greater than the Upper 
Level less the Lower Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the 
Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than or equal to 
the Lower Level, the Final Payout equals to Final Level (divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity). 
(bb) 
Single Final Payout - Upper Collared Knock-Out Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Upper Collared Knock-Out Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
Upper Level − Lower Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final] 
(ii) 
if the Settlement Price Final is greater than the Lower Level but less than the Upper Level: 
Upper Level−Settlement Price Final
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final]
 ; or 
(iii) 
if the Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Upper Level: 
Final Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]. 
Where 
"Final Level" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than the 
Upper Level, the Final Payout will equal the Upper Level less the Settlement Price Final of the 
Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final

--- Page 297 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
297 
 
 
and Parity), provided that the Final Payout will not be greater than the Upper Level less the Lower 
Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the Settlement Price Final 
of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the Upper Level, the 
Final Payout equals to Final Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
(cc) Single Final Payout - Continuous Lower Knock-Out Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Continuous Lower Knock-Out Notes is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Lower Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Lower Level: 
Upper Level−Lower Level
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final] ;or  
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
Final Level 1
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final].; or 
(ii) 
if at any time on an Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Upper Level: 
Upper Level−Lower Level
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final] ; 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Lower Level but less than the Upper 
Level: 
Settlement Price Final−Lower Level
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final]
 or  
(C) 
if the Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
Final Level 2
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final] 
where: 
"Final Level 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Level 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 298 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
298 
 
 
Description of the Final Payout  
If the Underlying Reference Level is at all times during the Observation Period greater than the 
Lower Level and if the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date 
is greater than the Lower Level, then the Final Payout equals the Upper Level less the Lower Level 
(divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise, if the Settlement Price 
Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than or equal to the Lower Level, 
then the Final Payout equals to Final Level 1 (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final 
and Parity). If the Underlying Reference Level has at any time during the Observation Period been 
less than or equal to the Lower Level and if the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference 
on the Valuation Date is greater than the Lower Level, the Final Payout will equal the Settlement 
Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date less the Lower Level (divided by the 
product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity), provided that, in such case, the Final Payout will 
not be greater than the Upper Level less the Lower Level (divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise, if the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the 
Valuation Date is less than or equal to the Lower Level, then the Final Payout equals to Final Level 
2 (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
(dd) 
Single Final Payout - Continuous Upper Knock-Out Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Continuous Upper Knock-Out Notes is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than the Upper Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than the Upper Level: 
Upper Level−Lower Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final] ; or  
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Upper Level:  
Final Level 1
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(ii) 
if at any time on an Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is equal to or greater than the Upper Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
Upper Level−Lower Level
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final] ; or 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Lower Level but less than the Upper 
Level:

--- Page 299 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
299 
 
 
Upper Level−Settlement Price Final
[Parity ×Exchange Rate Final]
  ; or  
(C) 
if Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Upper Level: 
Final Level 2
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]  
where: 
"Final Level 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Final Level 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level is at all times during the Observation Period less than the Upper 
Level and if the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less 
than the Upper Level, then the Final Payout will equal the Upper Level less the Lower Level 
(divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise, if the Settlement Price 
Final of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the Upper 
Level, then the Final Payout equals to Final Level 1 (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate 
Final and Parity). If the Underlying Reference Level has been at any time during the Observation 
Period equal to or greater than the Upper Level, and if the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying 
Reference on the Valuation Date is less than the Upper Level, then the Final Redemption Amount 
will equal the Upper Level less the Settlement Price Final of the Underlying Reference on the 
Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity), provided that, in 
such case, the Final Payout will not be greater than the Upper Level less the Lower Level (divided 
by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise, if the Settlement Price Final of 
the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than or equal to the Upper Level, then 
the Final Payout equals to Final Level 2 (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and 
Parity).  
(ee) 
Single Final Payout – Standard Call and Put Notes  
If Single Final Payout – Standard Call and Put Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Call Notes: 
Max(0;Settlement Price Final−Strike Price)
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final]
 ; or  
(ii) 
if the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Put Notes: 
Max(0;Strike Price−Settlement Price Final)
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final]

--- Page 300 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
300 
 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout will be equal to (i) in the case of Call Notes, the greater of the excess (if any) of 
the Settlement Price Final on the Valuation Date over the Strike Price and zero, or (ii) in the case 
of Put Notes, the greater of the excess (if any) of the Strike Price over the Settlement Price Final on 
the Valuation Date and zero, in each case divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and 
Parity. 
(ff) 
Single Final Payout - Knock-In Call and Put Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Knock-In Call and Put Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Call Notes:  
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred,  
Final Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Max (0;Settlement Price Final−Strike Price)
[Parity×Exchange Rate Final]
 ; or  
(ii) 
if the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Put Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred,  
Final Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]. 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Max (0; Strike Price − Settlement Price Final)
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
 
where: 
"Final Level" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout equals the Final Level (divided by the product 
of the Exchange and Parity). If a Knock-in Event has occurred then the Final Payout will be equal 
to (i) in the case of Call Notes, the greater of the excess (if any) of the Settlement Price Final on the 
Valuation Date over the Strike Price and zero, or (ii) in the case of Put Notes, the greater of the

--- Page 301 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
301 
 
 
excess (if any) of the Strike Price over the Settlement Price Final on the Valuation Date and zero, 
in each case divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity. 
(gg) 
Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Notes 
If Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Call Notes: 
Max (0; (
Final Price−Capitalised Exercise Price
Parity×Conversion Rate Final
))  ; or 
(ii) 
if the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Put Notes: 
Max (0; (
Capitalised Exercise Price−Final Price
Parity×Conversion Rate Final
))  
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout will be equal to (i) in the case of Call Notes, the greater of the excess (if any) of 
the Final Price over the Capitalised Exercise Price and zero, or (ii) in the case of Put Notes, the 
greater of the excess (if any) of the Capitalised Exercise Price over the Final Price and zero, in 
each case divided by the product of the Conversion Rate Final and Parity. 
(hh) 
Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of a Bull Note, the Bull Note Value on the relevant Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Bear Note, the Bear Note Value on the relevant Valuation Date, 
in each case, converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate on the relevant 
Valuation Date. 
Where: 
"Adjusted Bear NV" or "Adjusted Bull NV" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the Bear NVt formula or the Bull NVt formula, as the case may be, in this 
Formulas Condition 1.1(hh) except that:

--- Page 302 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
302 
 
 
(i) 
with respect to any calculation to be made following the first Reset Event occurring during 
an Observation Time Period (the "Relevant Observation Time Period") Ut will be the 
Reset Price calculated following the relevant Reset Event Determination Time; 
(ii) 
with respect to any subsequent Reset Events occurring within the Relevant Observation 
Time Period: 
(a) 
Bear NVt-1 will be the Adjusted Bear NV and Bull NVt-1 will be the Adjusted Bull NV, 
as the case may be, last calculated prior to the relevant Reset Event Determination 
Time; 
(b) 
FCt is equal to (0) zero; 
(c) 
Ut is the Reset Price calculated following the relevant Reset Event Determination 
Time; 
(d) 
Ut-1 is the Reset Price last calculated prior to the relevant Reset Event Determination 
Time; 
(e) in the case of Index Linked Notes or Share Linked Notes, 𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑛𝑒𝑡 and 𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑔𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠 will be 
equal to (0) zero; and 
(f) in the case of Commodity Linked Notes and Index Linked Notes to which Futures Price 
Valuation applies, rct-1 will be equal to (0) zero. 
"Bear NV0" means the Issue Price per Note converted into the Calculation Currency at the 
Exchange Rate on the Relevant Business Day preceding the Commencement Date (t=0); 
"Bear NVt-1" means, in respect of the calculation of Bear NVt, the Bear Note Value last calculated, 
provided that, the Bear NVt-1 for the Listing Date is Bear NV0; 
"Bear Note Value" or "Bear NVt" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes or Share Linked Notes: 
   max   [𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝑁𝑉  𝑡−1 × ( 1 −𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡+𝑑𝑖𝑣 𝑡𝑔𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠
𝑈𝑡−1
−1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% ×
𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝑁𝑉𝑡−1] ; 
(ii) 
in the case of Commodity Linked Notes or Index Linked Notes to which Futures Price 
Valuation applies: 
  max   [𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝑁𝑉  𝑡−1  × ( 1 −𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡
𝑈𝑡−1+𝑟𝑐 𝑡−1
−1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% ×
𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝑁𝑉𝑡−1 ] ; or

--- Page 303 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
303 
 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Currency Linked Notes: 
   max   [𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝑁𝑉  𝑡−1 × ( 1 −𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡
𝑈𝑡−1 −1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% × 𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝑁𝑉𝑡−1  ]; 
"Bull NV0" means the Issue Price per Note converted into the Calculation Currency at the Exchange 
Rate on the Relevant Business Day preceding the Commencement Date (t=0); 
"Bull Note Value" or "Bull NVt" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) in the case of Index Linked Notes or Share Linked Notes: 
   max   [𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝑁𝑉 𝑡−1  × ( 1 + 𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡+𝑑𝑖𝑣 𝑡𝑛𝑒𝑡
𝑈𝑡−1
−1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% × 𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝑁𝑉𝑡−1 ] ;  
(ii) 
in the case of Commodity Linked Notes or Index Linked Notes to which Futures Price 
Valuation applies: 
    max   [𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝑁𝑉  𝑡−1 × ( 1 + 𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡
𝑈𝑡−1+ 𝑟𝑐𝑡−1 −1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% × 𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝑁𝑉𝑡−1 ]; 
or  
(iii) 
in the case of Currency Linked Notes: 
max   [𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝑁𝑉  𝑡−1 × ( 1 + 𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡
𝑈𝑡−1 −1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% × 𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝑁𝑉𝑡−1 ] ;and  
"Bull NVt-1" means, in respect of the calculation of Bull NVt, the Bull Note Value last calculated, 
provided that the Bull NVt-1 for the Listing Date is Bull NV0; 
"Calculation Currency" means the currency of the Underlying Reference (in respect of Index 
Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes and Commodity Linked Notes) or the Alternative Currency (in 
respect of Currency Linked Notes); 
"Calculation Timet" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, the Scheduled Closing Time 
(in respect of Index Linked Notes and Share Linked Notes), the time at which the official closing 
level of the relevant Index is published or, if First Traded Price Applicable is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the time at which the First Traded Price of the relevant Futures or Option 
Exchange is published (in respect of Index Linked Notes to which Futures Price Valuation applies), 
the time at which the relevant Commodity Reference Price is published by the relevant Exchange 
(in respect of Commodity Linked Notes) or the Valuation Time (in respect of Currency Linked 
Notes), in each case on such Relevant Business Day; 
"Calculation Timet-1" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, the Scheduled Closing Time 
(in respect of Index Linked Notes and Share Linked Notes), the time at which the official closing

--- Page 304 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
304 
 
 
level of the relevant Index is published or, if First Traded Price Applicable is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the time at which the First Traded Price of the relevant Futures or Option 
Exchange is published (in respect of Index Linked Notes to which Futures Price Valuation applies), 
the time at which the relevant Commodity Reference Price is published by the relevant Exchange 
(in respect of Commodity Linked Notes) or the Valuation Time (in respect of Currency Linked 
Notes), in each case on the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding such day; 
"Commencement Date" means, the Listing Date of the relevant Bear Note or Bull Note (t=1); 
"Cut-off Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and (in the case of 
Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes or Index Linked Notes to which 
Futures Price Valuation applies) if not specified, 7.00 p.m. (local time in the city in which the 
relevant Exchange or Futures or Options Exchange is situated), in the case of a normal trading 
session and 3.00 p.m. (local time in the city in which the relevant Exchange or Futures or Options 
Exchange is situated), in the case of a half day trading session; 
"𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐭
𝐠𝐫𝐨𝐬𝐬" means, in respect of an Ex-Dividend Date, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the gross cash dividends and/or other cash distributions payable in respect 
of the relevant Underlying Reference (or in the case of an Index, in respect of each Index Share (as 
defined below) related to such Ex-Dividend Date; 
"𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐭
𝒏𝒆𝒕" means, in respect of an Ex-Dividend Date, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the cash dividends and/or other cash distributions payable in respect of the 
relevant Underlying Reference (or in the case of an Index, in respect of each Index Share (as defined 
below) related to such Ex-Dividend Date less any taxes deducted or withheld at source by or on 
behalf of any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividends pursuant to 
any applicable double taxation treaty or domestic law prevailing at the time of the distribution; 
"Ex-Dividend Date" means, with respect to a Share or share comprising an Index (an "Index 
Share"), the date on which such Share or Index Share becomes "ex-dividend" as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Fee" or "F" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, may adjust the Fee within 
the Fee Range to reflect a change in the cost to the Issuer of issuing the Notes or providing a price 
in the secondary market.  
"Fee Range" means the range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Financing Component(t)" or "FCt" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day: 
(i) in the case of Bear Note that are Index Linked Notes or Share Linked Notes:

--- Page 305 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
305 
 
 
−𝑁𝑉 𝑡−1 × ((−𝐿−1) × (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢
−𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹)) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡);  
(ii) in the case of Bull Note that are Index Linked Notes or Share Linked Notes: 
−𝑁𝑉 𝑡−1 × ((𝐿−1) × (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢
+ 𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡);   
(iii) in the case of Bear Note that are Commodity Linked Notes or Index Linked Notes to which 
Futures Price Valuation applies: 
−𝑁𝑉 𝑡−1 × (− (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢
−𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹)) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡);   
(iv) in the case of Bull Note that are Commodity Linked Notes or Index Linked Notes to which 
Futures Price Valuation applies: 
−𝑁𝑉 𝑡−1 × (− (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢
−𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹)) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡);  
(v) in the case of Bear Note that are Currency Linked Notes: 
−𝑁𝑉 𝑡−1 × (− 𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑏−𝐿 × (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑏− 𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑟−𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹)) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡); or 
(vi) in the case of Bull Note that are Currency Linked Notes: 
−𝑁𝑉 𝑡−1 × (− 𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑏+ 𝐿 × (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑏− 𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑟+ 𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹)) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡);  
"Hedging Cost" or "hc" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If at 
any time after the Listing Date the cost of hedging the Notes materially exceeds such specified 
percentage, the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
may adjust the Hedging Cost, to reflect this change, save that the Hedging Cost will not be less than 
the Minimum Hedging Cost and will not exceed the Maximum Hedging Cost;  
"Interest Margin" or "rm" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Calculation Agent may adjust the Interest Margin, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, to reflect any disparity between the Reference Interest Rate and the Issuer's 
funding rate, save that the Interest Margin will not be less than the Minimum Interest Margin and 
will not exceed the Maximum Interest Margin; 
"Leverage Factor" or "L" means the positive number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Maximum Hedging Cost" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Maximum Interest Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Minimum Hedging Cost" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 306 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
306 
 
 
"Minimum Interest Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Observation Price" means the "official level", "opening price", "official close", "closing price", 
"purchase price", "sale price", "last price", "bid price", "asked price", "traded price", "official 
settlement price", "daily settlement price", "high", "mid", "low", "bid high", "bid low", "ask high", 
"ask low", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of the Underlying Reference published by the 
Observation Price Source; 
"Observation Price Source" means the price source specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Observation Time Period" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, the period of time from 
but excluding Calculation Timet-1 to and including Calculation Timet; 
"Rate Period" or "n(t-1,t)" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, (i) the number of calendar 
days from (and including) the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding such Relevant 
Business Day to (but excluding) such Relevant Business Day, divided by (ii) 360; 
"Reference Floating Rate" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, the Reference Floating 
Rate Option in respect of such day appearing on the Reference Floating Rate Option Page at the 
Reference Floating Rate Option Calculation Time or if the relevant rate does not appear on such 
page at such time, the Reference Floating Rate Option for such Relevant Business Day shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and from such source(s) as it may select acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Reference Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reference Interest Rate", "𝒓𝒕−𝟏
𝒖
", "𝒓𝒕−𝟏
𝒖𝒃" or "𝒓𝒕−𝟏
𝒖𝒓" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, 
the fixed rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or the Reference Floating Rate for the 
Relevant Business Day immediately preceding such day as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Relevant Business Day" means, an Exchange Business Day (in respect of Index Linked Notes or 
Share Linked Notes), a Commodity Business Day (in respect of Commodity Linked Notes) or a 
Scheduled Trading Day (in respect of Currency Linked Notes), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 307 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
307 
 
 
"Reset Price" means the price of the relevant Underlying Reference determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the price obtained by unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
in respect of the relevant Note during the Unwinding Time Period immediately following the 
relevant Reset Event Determination Time. The Unwinding Time Period shall occur during the 
opening hours of the relevant Exchange (in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes or 
Commodity Linked Notes), the opening hours of the relevant Futures or Options Exchange (in the 
case of Index Linked Notes to which Futures Price Valuation applies) or immediately following the 
occurrence of the relevant Reset Event Determination Time (in respect of Currency Linked Notes). 
If the period between the occurrence of the latest Reset Event Determination Time and the official 
closing time of the relevant Exchange (in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes or 
Commodity Linked Notes) or Futures or Options Exchange (in the case of Index Linked Notes to 
which Futures Price Valuation applies) or the twelve hour period immediately following the 
occurrence of the relevant Reset Event Determination Time (in respect of Currency Linked Notes) 
would otherwise include a day that is not a Relevant Business Day, then the period for determining 
the Reset Price shall be extended to the following Relevant Business Day, until a full period equal 
to the Unwinding Time Period has passed since the most recent Reset Event Determination Time; 
"Reset Threshold" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
in respect of Bear Note that are Index Linked Notes or Share Linked Notes: 
(1 + 𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) × 𝑈𝑡−1 −𝑑𝑖𝑣 𝑡
𝑔𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠   ; 
(ii) 
in respect of Bull Note that are Index Linked Notes or Share Linked Notes: 
(1 −𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) × 𝑈𝑡−1 −𝑑𝑖𝑣 𝑡
𝑛𝑒𝑡 ; 
(iii) 
in respect of Bear Note that are Commodity Linked Notes or Index Linked Notes to which 
Futures Price Valuation applies: 
(1 + 𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) ×    (𝑈𝑡−1 + 𝑟𝑐𝑡−1   )  ; 
(iv) 
in respect of Bull Note that are Commodity Linked Notes or Index Linked Notes to which 
Futures Price Valuation applies: 
(1 −𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) ×    (𝑈𝑡−1 + 𝑟𝑐𝑡−1   ); 
(v) 
in respect of Bear Note that are Currency Linked Notes: 
(1 + 𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) ×    𝑈𝑡−1  ;or 
(vi) 
in respect of Bull Note that are Currency Linked Notes: 
(  1 −𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) ×    𝑈𝑡−1;

--- Page 308 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
308 
 
 
provided that:  
(a) 
at Calculation Timet on such Relevant Business Day the "Reset Threshold" calculated 
pursuant to paragraphs (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) above will be reset and calculated as provided 
above except that references to "Ut-1" will be deemed to be references to "Ut" and, in the case 
of paragraphs (iii) and (iv) above, references to "rct-1" will be deemed to be references to 
"rct"; and 
(b) 
the Reset Threshold will be reset on the occurrence of each Reset Event and will be 
calculated in accordance with the Reset Threshold formula, except that: 
(i) 
Ut-1 is the Reset Price last calculated before the relevant Reset Event Determination 
Time; 
(ii) 
divt
net or divt
gross, as the case may be, is equal to (0) zero; and 
(iii) 
rct-1 is equal to (0) zero.  
"Reset Threshold Percentage" or "Preset" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Rollover Costst" or "𝒓𝒄𝒕" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, (i) where the Relevant 
Business Day is not a Futures Rollover Date, zero, or (ii) where the Relevant Business Day is a 
Futures Rollover Date, an amount, which may be positive or negative, calculated by the Calculation 
Agent representing the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding its hedging arrangements 
in the Current Exchange-traded Contract or the relevant Futures Contract, as the case may be, less 
the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of establishing hedging arrangements in the next Current 
Exchange-traded Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, in each case in respect of the 
relevant Futures Rollover Date, such amount to be allocated pro rata amongst the Notes; 
"Rollover Costst-1" or "𝒓𝒄𝒕−𝟏" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, (i) where the 
immediately preceding Relevant Business Day is not a Futures Rollover Date, zero, or (ii) where 
the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day is a Futures Rollover Date, an amount, which 
may be positive or negative, calculated by the Calculation Agent representing the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding its hedging arrangements in the Current Exchange-traded 
Contract or the relevant Futures Contract, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of establishing hedging arrangements in the next Current Exchange-traded Contract or 
Futures Contract, as the case may be, in each case in respect of the relevant Futures Rollover Date, 
such amount to be allocated pro rata amongst the Notes; 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 309 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
309 
 
 
"Settlement Price" has the meaning given it in the applicable Annex to the Terms and Conditions 
except that (x) in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, references to "Pricing Date" and (y) in the 
case of Currency Linked Notes, references to "Price Date", shall in each case be deemed to be 
references to the "Relevant Business Day"; 
"Underlying Price(t)" or "U(t)" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day and subject as provided 
in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
(i) 
in respect of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes or 
Currency Linked Notes, the Settlement Price on such Relevant Business Day; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Index Linked Notes to which Futures Price Valuation applies, (i) if the Relevant 
Business Day is the Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Note, the Settlement Price on 
such Relevant Business Day, or (ii) if the Relevant Business Day is not the Valuation Date 
in respect of the relevant Note, the Settlement Price or, if First Traded Price Applicable is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the First Traded Price in each case on such Relevant 
Business Day;  
"Underlying Price(t-1)" or "U(t-1)" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, the Underlying 
Price(t) for the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding such day; and  
"Unwinding Time Period" means a period of three hours (in respect of Index Linked Notes and 
Share Linked Notes) or a period of twelve hours (in respect of Commodity Linked Notes and 
Currency Linked Notes). 
"Valuation Date" means, the earlier to occur of: 
(i) 
the date designated as such by the Issuer provided that such date is determined by the Issuer 
and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) at the latest 
on the tenth (10th) Relevant Business Day preceding the contemplated Valuation Date;  
(ii) 
the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor 
Notes Final Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
if Put Payout Leverage Factor Notes and/or Call Payout Leverage Factor Notes is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Optional Redemption Valuation 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
provided, in each case, that if such date is not a Relevant Business Day, the Valuation Date will be 
the next following Relevant Business Day.  
Subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent will calculate the Bear Note Value and the Bull 
Note Value on each Relevant Business Day. In order to make such calculation the Calculation Agent 
will also calculate the Underlying Pricet on each Relevant Business Day.

--- Page 310 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
310 
 
 
If, in respect of any Relevant Business Day (including the Valuation Date), the Underlying Pricet is 
not available before the Cut-off Time, or (x) such Relevant Business Day is a Disrupted Day (in the 
case of Share Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes and Index Linked Notes other than Index 
Linked Notes in respect of which "Futures Price Valuation" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), or (y) as a consequence of a Market Disruption Event (in the case of 
Commodity Linked Notes), the Calculation Agent will determine the Underlying Pricet for such 
Relevant Business Day acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference 
to such source(s) as it considers appropriate.  
In the case of Index Linked Notes in respect of which "Futures Price Valuation" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if in respect of any Relevant Business Day (including the 
Valuation Date), the Underlying Pricet is not available before the Cut-off Time (other than as a 
result of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract), the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Underlying Pricet for such Relevant Business Day acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to such source(s) as it considers 
appropriate.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if in the determination of the Calculation Agent the Observation 
Price of the Underlying Reference at one or more time(s) (each such time a "Reset Event 
Determination Time") during any Observation Time Period is (i) equal to or greater than the Reset 
Threshold (in the case of Bear Notes) or (ii) equal to or less than the Reset Threshold (in the case 
of Bull Notes) (each a "Reset Event"), the Calculation Agent will on each occasion calculate the 
Reset Price as provided in the "Reset Price" definition above and the Adjusted Bull NV or the 
Adjusted Bear NV, as the case may be, shall be the Bull Note Value or the Bear Note Value, as the 
case may be, for such Reset Event Determination Time on such Relevant Business Day. If one or 
more Reset Events occurs in an Observation Time Period, at Calculation Timet falling at the end of 
such period the Calculation Agent will calculate the Bull Note Value or the Bear Note Value, as the 
case may be, using the formula set out above except that: 
A. 
FCt is equal to (0) zero; 
B. 
Ut-1 is the Reset Price last calculated prior to Calculation Timet; 
C. 
in the case of Index Linked Notes or Share Linked Notes, 𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑛𝑒𝑡 and 𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑔𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠 will be equal 
to (0) zero; and 
D. 
in the case of Commodity Linked Notes and Index Linked Notes to which Futures Price 
Valuation applies, rct-1 will be equal to (0) zero. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The percentage change in value of the Notes over one day will be the Leverage Factor which is a 
constant factor for each Note multiplied by the daily performance of the relevant Underlying

--- Page 311 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
311 
 
 
Reference measured as the percentage change of the reference price from one day to the next day 
adjusted by the applicable Financing Component (which includes a Fee, an Interest Margin and 
Hedging Cost and may be positive or negative depending on, amongst other things, prevailing 
interest rates). Bull Notes aim to produce a performance equal to the Leverage Factor (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) multiplied by the performance of the relevant Underlying Reference 
whereas Bear Notes aim to produce a performance equal to the Leverage Factor times the inverse 
performance of the relevant Underlying Reference. However, because the performance of the Notes 
over any period longer than one day will be derived from the compounded daily performance of the 
relevant Underlying Reference during that period, such Note's performance may differ significantly 
to the overall performance of the Underlying Reference over that same period. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Constant Percentage Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – Constant 
Percentage: 
Nominal Amount × Constant Percentage 1 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout will consist in the Nominal Amount multiplied by a fixed percentage equal to the 
Constant Percentage 1. 
(jj) 
Multiple Final Payout - Normal Performance Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - Normal 
Performance Notes:  
Nominal Amount × [ Constant Percentage+Participation Factor × Final Redemption Value ] ; 
or 
Nominal Amount × Max [ 0%; Constant Percentage+Participation Factor × Final Redemption 
Value]; or 
Nominal Amount × [ Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × Max ( Floor Percentage , 
Gearing × Final Redemption Value ) ] ; or 
Nominal Amount × [ Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × Min ( Floor Percentage , 
Gearing × Final Redemption Value ) ]; or 
 
Nominal Amount × {Constant Percentage + Participation Factor 1 × Min [ (Cap 
Percentage; Participation Factor 2 × Max (Floor Percentage ; Gearing × Final Redemption 
Value ) ) ] }  
where: 
"Participation Factor 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 312 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
312 
 
 
"Participation Factor 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout will consist in the Nominal Amount multiplied by (i) a Constant Percentage or a 
Protection Level and (ii) a participation factor augmented of the performance of the Underlying 
Reference. Such performance may be subject to a floor of the Floor Percentage, a Gearing, a cap 
of the Cap Percentage. 
(kk) Multiple Final Payout - Performance Differential Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - 
Performance Differential Notes: 
Nominal Amount × [ Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × ( Beta 1 × Final Redemption 
Value 1 – Beta 2 × Final Redemption Value 2 ) ]; 
Nominal Amount × { Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × Max [ ( Beta 1 × Final 
Redemption Value 1 – Beta 2 × Final Redemption Value 2 ) ; Floor ] }; or 
Nominal Amount × { Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × Min [ ( Beta 1 × Final 
Redemption Value 1 – Beta 2 × Final Redemption Value 2 ) ; Cap ] }; or 
Nominal Amount × { Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × Max [ Min [ ( Beta 1 × Final 
Redemption Value 1 – Beta 2 × Final Redemption Value 2 ) ; Cap ] ; Floor ] }; 
where: 
"Beta 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Beta 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout consists in the differential in performance between two Underlying References 
and in a Constant Percentage. Such differential in performance is subject to certain participation 
factors. 
(ll) 
Multiple Final Payout – 1-Way Floor Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 1-Way 
Floor Notes: 
Nominal Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Max ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; 
Constant Percentage 3 ) ] 
where:

--- Page 313 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
313 
 
 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (EDS Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS × Loss Percentage, 
Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the Final 
Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to or (iv) 
greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"EDS Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant Percentage 4);  
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant Percentage 
4); Spread Percentage); and 
"Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call" means Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 4);   
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
4); Spread Percentage); 
provided that if Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
no Final Redemption Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout is subject to a minimum and comprises: 
• 
a fixed percentage and if Option is Put, Put Spread, Call and Call Spread, an indexation 
(subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); or  
• 
a fixed percentage and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s); or  
• 
a fixed percentage and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier Percentage; 
subject to Gearing.

--- Page 314 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
314 
 
 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(mm) Multiple Final Payout – 1-Way Cap Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 1-Way 
Cap Notes: 
Nominal Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Min ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; 
Constant Percentage 3 ) ] 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (EDS Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS × Loss Percentage, 
Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the Final 
Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to or (iv) 
greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"EDS Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant Percentage 4);  
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant Percentage 
4); Spread Percentage);  
"Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call" means Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 4);   
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
4); Spread Percentage); 
provided that if Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
no Final Redemption Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout is subject to a maximum and comprises:

--- Page 315 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
315 
 
 
• 
a fixed percentage and if Option is Put, Put Spread, Call and Call Spread, an indexation 
(subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); or  
• 
a fixed percentage and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s); or  
• 
a fixed percentage and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier Percentage; 
subject to Gearing.  
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(nn) Multiple Final Payout – 2-Way Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 2-Way 
Notes: 
Nominal Amount × [ 2-Way Percentage + Participation Factor 1 × Max ( Constant Percentage 
1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Constant Percentage 2 ) + Participation Factor 2 × Min ( Constant 
Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Constant Percentage 4 ) ] 
where: 
"2-Way Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Participation Factor 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participation Factor 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gearing 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 5 – nEDS 1 × Loss Percentage 
1, Constant Percentage 6));

--- Page 316 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
316 
 
 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the Final 
Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to or (iv) 
greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Redemption Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; Constant Percentage 7);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 8); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 9);  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 10); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 11 – nEDS 2 × Loss Percentage 
2, Constant Percentage 12)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the Final 
Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to or (iv) 
greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Redemption Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; Constant Percentage 13);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 14); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 317 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
317 
 
 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 15);  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 16); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that if Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
no Final Redemption Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
a fixed percentage and if Option is Put, Put Spread, Call and Call Spread, an indexation 
(subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) with a minimum and a 
maximum; or  
• 
a fixed percentage and if Option is Forward, indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) with a minimum and a maximum; or  
• 
a fixed percentage and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier Percentage, 
with a minimum and a maximum and subject to Gearing;  
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(oo) 
Multiple Final Payout – Reverse Convertible Notes  
(i) 
Multiple Final Payout – KI – Reverse Convertible Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – KI 
– Reverse Convertible Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Max ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Floor Percentage ) 
Or 
Nominal Amount × Min ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Cap Percentage ) 
where:

--- Page 318 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
318 
 
 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (EDS Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 4)); 
"EDS Percentage" means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage; 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant Percentage 3);  
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage);  
"Call" means Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 4);   
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage); 
"Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(oo)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (oo)(i) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, no Final Redemption Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout  
If no Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to 
the Constant Percentage 1. 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout is subject to a minimum or a maximum 
and comprises: 
• 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage;

--- Page 319 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
319 
 
 
• 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or  
• 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) 
in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to 
Gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying References 
with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Nominal 
Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout – KI – Extended Reverse Convertible Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – KI 
– Extended Reverse Convertible Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Constant Percentage 1;  
Or 
Nominal Amount × Gearing 1 × Max ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 1; 
Floor Percentage 1) 
Or 
Nominal Amount × Gearing 1 × Min ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 1; 
Cap Percentage 1) 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Constant Percentage 3;  
Or 
Nominal Amount × Gearing 3 × Max ( Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 4 × Option 2; 
Floor Percentage 2) 
Or 
Nominal Amount × Gearing 3 × Min ( Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 4 × Option 2; 
Cap Percentage 2) 
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 320 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
320 
 
 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Redemption Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; Constant Percentage 
6);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 
8);  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Redempiotn Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 2 × Loss 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 11)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemptioon Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than 
or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 2;

--- Page 321 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
321 
 
 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Redemption Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; Constant Percentage 
12);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 13); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 
14); and  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(oo)(ii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(oo)(ii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, no Final Redemption Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply. 
Description of the Final Payout  
If no Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to 
the Constant Percentage 1 or, the Final Payout is subject to gearing and a minimum or a 
maximum and comprises: 
• 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; 
• 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or  
• 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) 
in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to

--- Page 322 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
322 
 
 
Gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying References 
with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Nominal 
Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to 
the Constant Percentage 3 or, the Final Payout is subject to gearing and a minimum or a 
maximum and comprises: 
• 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; 
• 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or  
• 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) 
in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to 
Gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying References 
with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Nominal 
Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(iii) 
Multiple Final Payout – KO – Extended Reverse Convertible Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – KO 
– Extended Reverse Convertible Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Constant Percentage 1;  
Or 
Nominal Amount × Gearing 1 × Max ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 1; 
Floor Percentage 1) 
Or 
Nominal Amount × Gearing 1 × Min ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 1; 
Cap Percentage 1) 
 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Constant Percentage 3;

--- Page 323 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
323 
 
 
Or 
Nominal Amount × Gearing 3 × Max ( Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 4 × Option 2; 
Floor Percentage 2) 
Or 
Nominal Amount × Gearing 3 × Min ( Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 4 × Option 2; 
Cap Percentage 2) 
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Redemption Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; Constant Percentage 
6);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 
8); and

--- Page 324 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
324 
 
 
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 2 × Loss 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 11)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Redemption Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; Constant Percentage 
12);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 13); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 
14); and  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(oo)(iii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(oo)(iii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms no Final Redemption Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout

--- Page 325 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
325 
 
 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to 
the Constant Percentage 1 or, the Final Payout is subject to gearing and a minimum or a 
maximum and comprises: 
• 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; 
• 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or  
• 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) 
in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to 
Gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying References 
with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Nominal 
Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
• 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage 
equal to the Constant Percentage 3 or, the Final Payout is subject to gearing and a 
minimum or a maximum and comprises: 
• 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; 
• 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or  
• 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) 
in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to 
Gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying References 
with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Nominal 
Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
(iv) 
Multiple Final Payout - KO Reverse Convertible Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - KO 
Reverse Convertible Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Floor 
Percentage)

--- Page 326 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
326 
 
 
Or 
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 2+ Gearing × Option; Cap Percentage) 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (EDS Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 4)); 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage; 
"EDS Percentage" means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant Percentage 3);  
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage);  
"Call" means Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 3);  
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage); 
"Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(oo)(iv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(oo)(iv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, no Final Redemption Amount, as applicable, will be payable and Physical 
Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout  
If no Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to 
the Constant Percentage 1.

--- Page 327 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
327 
 
 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout is subject to a minimum and comprises: 
• 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Redemption Value; 
• 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or  
• 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) 
in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to 
Gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying References 
with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Nominal 
Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(v) 
Multiple Final Payout – Vanilla KI Reverse Convertible Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Vanilla 
KI Reverse Convertible Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Min ( Cap Percentage, Gearing × Final Redemption Value + 
Constant Percentage 2 ); 
or 
Nominal Amount × Max ( Floor Percentage, Gearing × Final Redemption Value + 
Constant Percentage 2 ). 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises:  
• 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage equal to the Constant 
Percentage 1; or 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, (A) the minimum of (i) Cap Percentage. and (ii) 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) multiplied for the relevant 
Gearing and increased by a fixed percentage equal to the Constant Percentage 2 or

--- Page 328 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
328 
 
 
(B) the maximum of (i) Floor Percentage and (ii) indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) multiplied for the relevant Gearing and increased by a fixed 
percentage equal to the Constant Percentage 2. 
(vi) 
Multiple Final Payout – Vanilla KO Reverse Convertible Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Vanilla KO Reverse Convertible Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Max ( Floor Percentage, Gearing × Final Redemption Value + 
Constant Percentage 2 ); 
or 
Nominal Amount × Min ( Cap Percentage, Gearing × Final Redemption Value + 
Constant Percentage 2 ). 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises:  
• 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage equal to the Constant 
Percentage 1; or 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, (A) the maximum of (i) Floor Percentage. and (ii) 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) multiplied for the relevant 
Gearing and increased by a fixed percentage equal to the Constant Percentage 2 or 
(B) the minimum of (i) Cap Percentage and (ii) indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) multiplied for the relevant Gearing and increased by a fixed 
percentage equal to the Constant Percentage 2. 
(vii) 
Multiple Final Payout – KIKO Reverse Convertible Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
KIKO Reverse Convertible Notes: 
(A) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Max ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Constant 
Percentage 2); or 
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Constant 
Percentage 2 );

--- Page 329 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
329 
 
 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event and no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Constant Percentage 3; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Max ( Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Constant 
Percentage 5 ); or 
Nominal Amount × Min ( Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Constant 
Percentage 5 );  
where: 
"Gearing 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 6 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 7)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Redemption Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; Constant Percentage 
8);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1);

--- Page 330 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
330 
 
 
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 
10); and  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 11); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 12 – nEDS 2 × Loss 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 13)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Redemption Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; Constant Percentage 
14);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 
16); and  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 17); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 331 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
331 
 
 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(oo)(vii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(oo)(vii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (cc) if the provisions of sub- paragraph (C) of this Formulas Condition 1.1. 
(oo) (vii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms no Final Redemption Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout  
If no Knock-in Event and no Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a 
fixed percentage equal to the Constant Percentage. 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout is subject to a 
minimum or a maximum and comprises: 
• 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
• 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Redemption Value; or  
• 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or  
• 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) 
in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject 
to Gearing.  
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(viii) Multiple Final Payout – KIKO Extended Reverse Convertible Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
KIKO Extended Reverse Convertible Notes: 
(A) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Bonus Percentage 1 + Constant Percentage 1 );  or 
Nominal Amount × Max ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Constant 
Percentage 2); or 
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Constant 
Percentage 2 );

--- Page 332 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
332 
 
 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event and no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Bonus Percentage 2 + Constant Percentage 3 );  or 
Nominal Amount × Max ( Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Constant 
Percentage 4); or 
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Constant 
Percentage 4 );  
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Bonus Percentage 3 + Constant Percentage 5 );  or 
Nominal Amount × Max ( Constant Percentage 5 + Gearing 3 × Option 3; Constant 
Percentage 6 ); or 
Nominal Amount × Min ( Constant Percentage 5 + Gearing 3 × Option 3; Constant 
Percentage 6 );  
where: 
"Gearing 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gearing 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 3" means Put 3, Put Spread 3, Call 3, Call Spread 3, EDS 3 or Forward 3 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 6 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 7)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 333 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
333 
 
 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Redemption Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; Constant Percentage 
8);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 
10); and  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 11); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 12 – nEDS 2 × Loss 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 13)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Redemption Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; Constant Percentage 
14);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 334 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
334 
 
 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 
16); and  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 17); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 3 
"EDS 3" means Max (EDS Percentage 3, Min (Constant Percentage 18 – nEDS 3 × Loss 
Percentage 3, Constant Percentage 19)); 
"nEDS 3" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 3; 
"EDS Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 3" means Final Redemption Value 3 – Strike Percentage 3; 
"Put 3" means Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Redemption Value 3; Constant Percentage 
20);  
"Put Spread 3" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Redemption Value 3; 
Constant Percentage 21); Spread Percentage 3);  
"Spread Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 3" means Max (Final Redemption Value 3 - Strike Percentage 3; Constant Percentage 
22); and  
"Call Spread 3" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 3 - Strike Percentage 3; 
Constant Percentage 23); Spread Percentage 3); 
"Strike Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(oo)(viii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(oo)(viii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable

--- Page 335 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
335 
 
 
Final Terms, or (cc) if the provisions of sub- paragraph (C) of this Formulas Condition 1.1. 
(oo) (viii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms no Final Redemption Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout  
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event has occurred, if no Knock-in Event and no Knock-
out Event has occurred or the Final Payout is subject to a minimum or a maximum and 
comprises: 
• 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
• 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Redemption Value; or  
• 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or  
• 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) 
in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject 
to Gearing.  
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(pp) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Notes  
(i) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Plain Vanilla Call Notes: 
Nominal Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Max ( Gearing 2 × ( Final 
Redemption Value - Strike Percentage), Floor Percentage ) ] 
Description of the Final Payout   
The Final Payout comprises an amount equal to the Nominal Amount multiplied by a 
Constant Percentage1 and indexed (subject to Gearing) to the geared value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, subject to a Floor Percentage. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Spread Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Plain Vanilla Call Spread Notes:

--- Page 336 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
336 
 
 
Nominal Amount × { Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Min [ Max (Gearing 2 × 
(Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage ); Floor Percentage), Cap 
Percentage ] } 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises an amount equal to the Nominal Amount multiplied by a 
Constant Percentage 1 and indexed (subject to Gearing) to the geared value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, subject to a Floor Percentage. This 
indexation cannot be higher than a Cap Percentage. 
(iii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
PlainVanilla Put Notes: 
Nominal Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Max ( Gearing 2 × ( Strike 
Percentage - Final Redemption Value ); Floor Percentage ) ] 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises an amount equal to the Nominal Amount multiplied by Constant 
Percentage 1 and indexed (subject to Gearing) to the geared value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage, subject to a Floor Percentage. 
(iv) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put Spread Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Plain 
Vanilla Put Spread Notes: 
Nominal Amount × { Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Min [ Max (Gearing 2 × 
( Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value ); Floor Percentage ) ; Cap Percentage] } 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises an amount equal to the Nominal Amount multiplied by a 
Constant Percentage 1 and indexed (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage, subject to a Floor Percentage. This indexation 
cannot be higher than a Cap Percentage. 
(v) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KI Digital Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Plain 
Vanilla KI Digital Notes: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Coupon ); or

--- Page 337 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
337 
 
 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Constant Percentage 2. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if a Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage and a Bonus Coupon. 
• 
if a Knock-in event has not occurred, a different fixed percentage. 
(vi) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KO Digital Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Plain Vanilla KO Digital Notes: 
(A) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Coupon ); or 
(B) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Constant Percentage 2. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if a Knock-out event has occurred, a fixed percentage and a Bonus Coupon. 
• 
if a Knock-out event has not occurred, a different fixed percentage. 
(vii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-in Vanilla Call Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Geared Knock-in Vanilla Call Notes: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Max (Gearing 2 × (Final 
Redemption Value - Strike Percentage), Floor Percentage) ); or 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Constant Percentage 2 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises:

--- Page 338 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
338 
 
 
• 
a fixed percentage; and 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the geared 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, subject to a Floor 
Percentage. 
(viii) Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-out Vanilla Call Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout 
– Geared Knock-out Vanilla Call Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Max (Gearing 2 × (Final 
Redemption Value - Strike Percentage), Floor Percentage ) ); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Constant Percentage 2 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
a fixed percentage; and  
• 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the geared 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, subject to a Floor 
Percentage. 
(qq) Multiple Final Payout – Standard Asian Notes 
(i) 
Multiple Final Payout – Standard Asian Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Standard Asian Notes: 
(A) 
if Standard Asian Call Local Cap is specified as applicable then: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Max ( Sum ( i = 1, 
2, …, M ) W(i) × ( Min ( Max ( Final Redemption Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i) , 
Local Floor Percentage(i) ) , Local Cap Percentage(i) ) ) ; Floor Percentage ) ) 
(B) 
If Standard Asian Call Local Cap is specified as not applicable: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Max ( Sum ( i = 1, 
2, …, M ) W(i) × Max ( Final Redemption Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i) , Local 
Floor Percentage(i) ) ; Floor Percentage ) )

--- Page 339 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
339 
 
 
(C) 
If Standard Asian Put Local Cap is specified as applicable, then: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Max ( Sum ( i = 1, 
2, …, M ) W(i) × ( Min ( Max ( Strike Percentage(i) - Final Redemption Value(i) , 
Local Floor Percentage(i) ) , Local Cap Percentage(i) ) ) ; Floor Percentage ) ) 
(D) 
If Standard Asian Put Local Cap is specified as not applicable: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Max ( Sum ( i = 1, 
2, …, M ) W(i) × Max ( Strike Percentage(i) - Final Redemption Value(i)  , Local 
Floor Percentage(i) ) ; Floor Percentage ) ) 
where: 
"Final Redemption Value(i) " means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value 
and Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 
8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 
(Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 
(Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 
(Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Floor Percentage(i) " as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap Percentage(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"M" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
 "W(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Standard Asian Call Local Cap" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Standard Asian Put Local Cap" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1, an 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) when the average 
value is above or below the Strike Percentage subject to a Local Floor Percentage and, 
possibly, a Local Cap Percentage on each observation and a Floor Percentage. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Standard Collared Asian Spread Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Standard Collared Asian Spread Notes:

--- Page 340 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
340 
 
 
(A) 
If Standard Collared Asian Call Local Cap is specified as applicable then: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Min ( Max ( Sum ( i 
= 1, 2, …, M ) W(i) × ( Min ( Max ( Final Redemption Value(i) - Strike 
Percentage(i) , Local Floor Percentage(i) ) , Local Cap Percentage(i) ) ) ; Floor 
Percentage ) ) ; Cap Percentage ) 
(B) 
If Standard Collared Asian Call Local Cap is specified as not applicable: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Min ( Max ( Sum ( i 
= 1, 2, …, M ) W(i) × Max ( Final Redemption Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i) , 
Local Floor Percentage(i) ) ; Floor Percentage ) ) ; Cap Percentage ) 
(C) 
If Standard Collared Asian Put Local Cap is specified as applicable then: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Min ( Max ( Sum ( 
i = 1, 2, …, M ) W(i) × ( Min ( Max ( Strike Percentage(i) - Final Redemption 
Value(i) , Local Floor Percentage(i) ) , Local Cap Percentage(i) ) ) ; Floor 
Percentage ) ) ; Cap Percentage ) 
(D) 
If Standard Collared Asian Put Local Cap is specified as not applicable: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Min [ Max ( Sum ( 
i = 1, 2, …, M ) W(i) × Max ( Strike Percentage(i) - Final Redemption Value(i) 
, Local Floor Percentage(i) ) ; Floor Percentage ) ) ; Cap Percentage ] 
where: 
"Final Redemption Value(i)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value 
and Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 
8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 
(Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 
(Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 
(Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Local Floor Percentage(i) " as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap Percentage(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"M" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"W(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Standard Collared Asian Call Local Cap" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Standard Collared Asian Put Local Cap" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 341 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
341 
 
 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1 and an 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) when the average 
value is above the Strike Percentage subject to a Local Floor Percentage and, possibly, a 
Local Cap Percentage on each observation and a Floor Percentage and a Cap Percentage. 
(rr) 
Multiple Final Payout Standard Himalaya Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - Standard 
Himalaya Notes: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Max ( Sum ( i = 1, 2, …, M ) W(i) ×  
Max ( Best Lock Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i) ; Local Floor Percentage(i) ) ; Floor Percentage ) ) 
where: 
"Local Floor Percentage(i) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"M" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"W(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; and  
"BestLockValue(i)" means the highest Underlying Reference Value on MFP Valuation Date(i) of 
the Underlying Reference(s) in Relevant Basket(i); and 
"Relevant Basket(i)" means, in respect of MFP Valuation Date(i), a Basket comprising each 
Underlying Reference in Relevant Basket(i-1) but excluding the Underlying Reference in relation to 
BestLockValue(i-1). Relevant Basket(i=1) will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Percentage(i) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1 and an indexation 
(subject to Gearing) to the Underlying References above the Strike Percentage in accordance with 
certain selection criteria on each MFP Valuation Date. In particular, the value of the best 
performing Underlying Reference in the basket is calculated and then removed from such basket 
for the following MFP Valuation Dates, therefore providing an indexation to the average of those 
calculated values (the BestLockValues) above the Strike Percentage. The minimum level is equal to 
Floor Percentage. 
(ss) 
Multiple Final Payout – Dispersion Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – Dispersion 
Notes:

--- Page 342 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
342 
 
 
Nominal Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Max ( Global Floor Percentage; ( 1/K ) × Sum 
( k=1, 2,…,K ) Dispersion Value(k) – Strike Percentage ) ]  
where: 
"Dispersion Value(k)" means, in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference(k), the absolute 
value of: [ Final Redemption Value(k) – Basket Value ] 
Description of the Payout  
The Payout comprises indexation to the average value of the Underlying Reference(s) when the 
average value is above the Strike Percentage subject to a minimum level of the Global Floor 
Percentage. 
(tt) 
Multiple Final Payout - Step Notes  
(i) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-in Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - 3-
Step Knock-in Notes: 
(A) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied:  
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + FR Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage)  
(C) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing × Option; Floor 
Percentage)  
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or

--- Page 343 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
343 
 
 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 4);  
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage); 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant Percentage 4);  
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage) 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(tt)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt) (i) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or (cc) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(i) apply and 
Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus a final exit rate 
(equal to the FR Exit Rate); 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the above fixed percentage) plus 
the Coupon Airbag Percentage;  
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred 
and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike 
Percentage, subject to a minimum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred 
and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred 
and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage,

--- Page 344 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
344 
 
 
subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is positive the higher the number 
of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage 
to be applied to the Nominal Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-in Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout 
- 3-Step Plus Knock-in Notes: 
(A) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied:  
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Floor Percentage 1)  
Or  
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Cap Percentage 1); or 
(B) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage)  
(C) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Floor Percentage 2)  
Or  
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Cap Percentage 2)  
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or

--- Page 345 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
345 
 
 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Redemption Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; Constant Percentage 
6);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 
8); and  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 2 × Loss 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 11)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Redemption Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; Constant Percentage 
12);

--- Page 346 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
346 
 
 
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 13); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 
14); and  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(tt)(ii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(ii) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, or (cc) if the provisions of sub- paragraph (C) of this Formulas Condition 1.1. (tt)(ii) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
no Final Redemption Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put 
or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or a 
maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Forward, an 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject 
to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, and if Option is EDS, a percentage 
that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater 
than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing 
is positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this 
barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Nominal Amount for 
determining the Final Payout.

--- Page 347 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
347 
 
 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the above fixed percentage) plus 
the Coupon Airbag Percentage;  
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred 
and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike 
Percentage, subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred 
and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred 
and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, 
subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is positive the higher the number 
of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage 
to be applied to the Nominal Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(iii) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Extended Knock-in Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - 3-
Step Extended Knock-in Notes: 
(A) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied:  
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Floor 
Percentage 1) 
Or  
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Cap 
Percentage 1); or 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 1) 
(B) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Floor 
Percentage 2) 
Or

--- Page 348 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
348 
 
 
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Cap 
Percentage 2); or 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 2) 
(C) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 3 × Option 3; Floor 
Percentage 3) 
Or  
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 3 × Option 3; Cap 
Percentage 3) or 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 3 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 3) 
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 3" means Put 3, Put Spread 3, Call 3, Call Spread 3, EDS 3 or Forward 3 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Redemption Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; Constant Percentage 
6);

--- Page 349 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
349 
 
 
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 
8); and  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 2 × Loss 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 11)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Redemption Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; Constant Percentage 
12);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 13); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 
14); and  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2);

--- Page 350 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
350 
 
 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 3 
"EDS 3" means Max (EDS Percentage 3, Min (Constant Percentage 16 – nEDS 3 × Loss 
Percentage 3, Constant Percentage 17)); 
"nEDS 3" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 3; 
"EDS Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 3" means Final Redemption Value 3 – Strike Percentage 3; 
"Put 3" means Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Redemption Value 3; Constant Percentage 
18);  
"Put Spread 3" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Redemption Value 3; 
Constant Percentage 19); Spread Percentage 3);  
"Spread Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 3" means Max (Final Redemption Value 3 - Strike Percentage 3; Constant Percentage 
20); and  
"Call Spread 3" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 3 - Strike Percentage 3; 
Constant Percentage 21); Spread Percentage 3); 
"Strike Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(tt)(iii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(tt)(iii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (cc) if the provisions of sub- paragraph (C) of this Formulas Condition 1.1. 
(tt)(iii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms no Final Redemption Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout

--- Page 351 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
351 
 
 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put 
or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or a 
maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Forward, an 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject 
to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, and if Option is EDS, a percentage 
that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater 
than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing 
is positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this 
barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Nominal Amount for 
determining the Final Payout or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred, and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation 
(subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above or below the 
Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred, and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred, and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, 
subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is positive the higher the number 
of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage 
to be applied to the Nominal Amount for determining the Final Payout or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred, a fixed percentage 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred 
and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike 
Percentage, subject to a minimum or a maximum; or

--- Page 352 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
352 
 
 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred 
and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred 
and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, 
subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is positive the higher the number 
of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage 
to be applied to the Nominal Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred, a 
fixed percentage 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(iv) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-out Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - 3-
Step Knock-out Notes: 
(A) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied:  
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + FR Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage)  
(C) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-out Event has 
occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing × Option; Floor 
Percentage) 
where: 
"Option" means Call, Call Spread, Put, Put Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Cap Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS × Loss Percentage, 
Constant Percentage 5)); 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage;

--- Page 353 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
353 
 
 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 4);  
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage), 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant Percentage 4); 
and 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage) 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(tt)(iv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(iv) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or (cc) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(iv) apply 
and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no 
Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus a final exit rate 
(equal to the FR Exit Rate); 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the above fixed percentage);  
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock- out Event has occurred 
and if Option is Put, Put Spread, Call or Call Spread, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below or above the Strike 
Percentage, subject to a minimum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock- out Event has occurred 
and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum; or

--- Page 354 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
354 
 
 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock- out Event has occurred 
and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value lower than the EDS Barrier Percentage, 
subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is positive the higher the number 
of Underlying Reference(s) with a value below this barrier the higher the percentage 
to be applied to the Nominal Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(v) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-out Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - 3-
Step Plus Knock-out Notes: 
(A) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied:  
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Floor 
Percentage 1)  
Or  
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Cap 
Percentage 1); or 
(B) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage)  
(C) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-out Event has 
occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Floor 
Percentage 2)  
Or  
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Cap 
Percentage 2)  
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 355 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
355 
 
 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Redemption Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; Constant Percentage 
6);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 
8); and  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 2 × Loss 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 11)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 356 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
356 
 
 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Redemption Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; Constant Percentage 
12);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 13); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 
14); and  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(tt)(v) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(v) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, or (cc) if the provisions of sub- paragraph (C) of this Formulas Condition 1.1. (tt)(v) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
no Final Redemption Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put 
or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or a 
maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Forward, an 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject 
to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, and if Option is EDS, a percentage 
that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater

--- Page 357 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
357 
 
 
than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing 
is positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this 
barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Nominal Amount for 
determining the Final Payout. 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the above fixed percentage) plus 
the Coupon Airbag Percentage;  
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred 
and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike 
Percentage, subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred 
and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred 
and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, 
subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is positive the higher the number 
of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage 
to be applied to the Nominal Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(vi) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Extended Knock-out Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - 3-
Step Extended Knock-out Notes: 
(A) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied:  
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Floor 
Percentage 1)  
Or  
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Cap 
Percentage 1); or 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 1)

--- Page 358 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
358 
 
 
(B) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Floor 
Percentage 2)  
Or  
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Cap 
Percentage 2); or 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 2)  
(C) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 3 × Option 3; Floor 
Percentage 3)  
Or  
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 3 × Option 3; Cap 
Percentage 3) or 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 3 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 3)  
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 3" means Put 3, Put Spread 3, Call 3, Call Spread 3, EDS 3 or Forward 3 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Floor Percentage 1” is as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
“Floor Percentage 2” is as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
“Floor Percentage 3” is as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
“Cap Percentage 1” is as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
“Cap Percentage 2” is as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
“Cap Percentage 3” is as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
Option 1

--- Page 359 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
359 
 
 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Redemption Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; Constant Percentage 
6);  
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 1);  
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 
8); and  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 2 × Loss 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 11)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 360 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
360 
 
 
"Forward 2" means Final Redemption Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; Constant Percentage 
12);  
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 13); Spread Percentage 2);  
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 
14); and  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 3 
"EDS 3" means Max (EDS Percentage 3, Min (Constant Percentage 16 – nEDS 3 × Loss 
Percentage 3, Constant Percentage 17)); 
"nEDS 3" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 3; 
"EDS Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 3" means Final Redemption Value 3 – Strike Percentage 3; 
"Put 3" means Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Redemption Value 3; Constant Percentage 
18);  
"Put Spread 3" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Redemption Value 3; 
Constant Percentage 19); Spread Percentage 3);  
"Spread Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 361 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
361 
 
 
"Call 3" means Max (Final Redemption Value 3 - Strike Percentage 3; Constant Percentage 
20); and  
"Call Spread 3" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 3 - Strike Percentage 3; 
Constant Percentage 21); Spread Percentage 3); 
"Strike Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(tt)(vi) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (tt)(vi) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, or (cc) if the provisions of sub- paragraph (C) of this Formulas Condition 1.1. (tt)(vi) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
no Final Redemption Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put 
or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or a 
maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Forward, an 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject 
to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, and if Option is EDS, a percentage 
that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater 
than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing 
is positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this 
barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Nominal Amount for 
determining the Final Payout or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred, and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation 
(subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above or below the 
Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or a maximum; or

--- Page 362 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
362 
 
 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred, and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred, and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, 
subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is positive the higher the number 
of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage 
to be applied to the Nominal Amount for determining the Final Payout or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred, a fixed percentage 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred 
and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike 
Percentage, subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred 
and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred 
and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, 
subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is positive the higher the number 
of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage 
to be applied to the Nominal Amount for determining the Final Payout. 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred, 
a fixed percentage 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(vii) 
Multiple Final Payout – 4-Step Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout 
– 4 Step Notes: 
(A) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied: 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 1+ FR Exit Rate)

--- Page 363 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
363 
 
 
(B) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred 
and no Knock-In Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 1); 
or 
(C) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, no Knock-out Event has occurred 
and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 3 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 2); 
or 
(D) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and if no Knock-out Event has 
occurred but a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing × Option; Floor 
Percentage) 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread or Forward as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 5); 
and 
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 5); Spread Percentage), 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant Percentage 5); 
and 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant 
Percentage 5); Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus a final exit rate 
(equal to the FR Exit Rate);

--- Page 364 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
364 
 
 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred 
and no Knock-in Event has occurred a fixed percentage (that may differ from the 
above fixed percentage); 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event and no 
Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the above fixed 
percentages); or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred but a Knock-in Event has occurred, if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or 
Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum; or if 
Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) , subject to a minimum. 
(viii) Multiple Final Payout – 4-Step Extended Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 4 
Step Extended Notes: 
(A) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied: 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + FR Exit Rate); or 
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Floor 
Percentage 1)  
or  
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Cap 
Percentage 1); or 
(B) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has occurred 
and no Knock-In Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 1); or 
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Floor 
Percentage 2)  
Or  
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Cap 
Percentage 2); or 
(C) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, no Knock-out Event has occurred 
and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 3 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 2); or

--- Page 365 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
365 
 
 
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 3 × Option 3; Floor 
Percentage 3)  
Or  
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 3 × Option 3; Cap 
Percentage 3); or 
(D) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and if no Knock-out Event has 
occurred but a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 4 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 3); or 
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 4 × Option 4; Floor 
Percentage 4)  
Or  
Nominal Amount × Min (Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 4 × Option 4; Cap 
Percentage 4); or 
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 3" means Put 3, Put Spread 3, Call 3, Call Spread 3, EDS 3 or Forward 3 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 4" means Put 4, Put Spread 4, Call 4, Call Spread 4, EDS 4 or Forward 4 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 366 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
366 
 
 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; Constant Percentage 
5); 
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1– Final Redemption Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 5); Cap Percentage 1); 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Redemption Value 1- Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 
5);  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 5); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Redemption Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 6 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 7)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2– Final Redemption Value 2; Constant Percentage 
7); and 
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2– Final Redemption Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 7); Cap Percentage 2). 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Redemption Value 2- Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 
7);  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 2- Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 3) 
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 367 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
367 
 
 
"Forward 2" means Final Redemption Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
Option 3 
"EDS 3" means Max (EDS Percentage 3, Min (Constant Percentage 8 – nEDS 3 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 9)); 
"nEDS 3" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 3; 
"EDS Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Put 3" means Max (Strike Percentage 3– Final Redemption Value 3; Constant Percentage 
9); and 
"Put Spread 3" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 3– Final Redemption Value 3; Constant 
Percentage 9); Cap Percentage 3). 
"Call 3" means Max (Final Redemption Value 3- Strike Percentage 3; Constant Percentage 
9);  
"Call Spread 3" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 3- Strike Percentage 3; Constant 
Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 3), 
"Spread Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Forward 3" means Final Redemption Value 3 – Strike Percentage 3; 
Option 4 
"EDS 4" means Max (EDS Percentage 4, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 4 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 11)); 
"nEDS 4" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 4; 
"EDS Percentage 4" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 368 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
368 
 
 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 4" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Put 4" means Max (Strike Percentage 4– Final Redemption Value 4; Constant Percentage 
11; and 
"Put Spread 4" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 4– Final Redemption Value 4; Constant 
Percentage 11); Cap Percentage 4). 
"Call 4" means Max (Final Redemption Value 4- Strike Percentage 4; Constant Percentage 
11);  
"Call Spread 4" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 2- Strike Percentage 4; Constant 
Percentage 11); Spread Percentage 4), 
"Spread Percentage 4" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Forward 4" means Final Redemption Value 4 – Strike Percentage 4; 
(ix) 
Multiple Final Payout - Standard 3-Step Knock-in Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Standard 
3 Step Knock-in Notes; 
(A) 
if FR Barrier Value is greater than the Final Redemption Condition Level: 
Nominal Amount × (Fixed Percentage 1 + FR Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
if FR Barrier Value is less than or equal to the Final Redemption Condition Level and 
no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (Fixed Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage); or 
(C) 
if FR Barrier Value is less than or equal to the Final Redemption Condition Level and 
a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Min (Fixed Percentage 3, Gearing × Final Redemption Value) 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 3" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout

--- Page 369 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
369 
 
 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if the FR Barrier Value on the MFP FR Barrier Valuation Date is greater than the 
Final Redemption Condition Level, Fixed Percentage 1 plus a final exit rate (equal 
to the FR Exit Rate); 
• 
if the FR Barrier Value on the MFP FR Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or less 
than the Final Redemption Condition Level and no Knock-in Event has occurred, 
Fixed Percentage 2 plus a fixed percentage; or 
• 
if the FR Barrier Value on the MFP FR Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or less 
than the Final Redemption Condition Level and a Knock-in Event has occurred, the 
minimum of a Fixed Percentage 3 and indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s). 
(x) 
Multiple Final Payout - Standard 3-Step Knock-out Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout - Standard 
3-Step Knock-out Notes: 
(A) 
if FR Barrier Value is lower than the Final Redemption Condition Level: 
Nominal Amount × (Fixed Percentage 1 + FR Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
if FR Barrier Value is greater than or equal to the Final Redemption Condition Level 
and no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (Fixed Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage); or 
(C) 
if FR Barrier Value is greater than or equal to the Final Redemption Condition Level 
and a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Min (Fixed Percentage 3, Gearing × Final Redemption Value) 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 3" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if the FR Barrier Value on the MFP FR Barrier Valuation Date is lower than the 
Final Redemption Condition Level, a Fixed Percentage 1 plus a final exit rate (equal 
to the FR Exit Rate);

--- Page 370 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
370 
 
 
• 
if the FR Barrier Value on the MFP FR Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or greater 
than the Final Redemption Condition Level and no Knock-out Event has occurred, a 
Fixed Percentage 2 plus a fixed percentage; or 
• 
if the FR Barrier Value on the MFP FR Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or greater 
than the Final Redemption Condition Level and a Knock-out Event has occurred, the 
minimum of a Fixed Percentage 3 and indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s). 
(xi) 
Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2-Step Barrier Down Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout - Standard 
2-Step Barrier Down Notes: 
(A) 
If FR Barrier Value is greater than the Final Redemption Condition Level: 
Nominal Amount × (Fixed Percentage 1 + FR Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
If FR Barrier Value is less than or equal to the Final Redemption Condition Level: 
Nominal Amount × Min (Fixed Percentage 2, Final Redemption Value) 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if the FR Barrier Value on the MFP FR Barrier Valuation Date is greater than the 
Final Redemption Condition Level, Fixed Percentage 1 plus a final exit rate (equal 
to the FR Exit Rate); 
• 
if the FR Barrier Value on the MFP FR Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or less 
than the Final Redemption Condition Level, the minimum of Fixed Percentage 2 and 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(xii) 
Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2-Step Barrier Up Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout - Standard 
2-Step Barrier Up Notes: 
(A) 
If FR Barrier Value is less than the Final Redemption Condition Level: 
Nominal Amount × (Fixed Percentage 1 + FR Exit Rate); or

--- Page 371 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
371 
 
 
(B) 
If FR Barrier Value is greater than or equal to the Final Redemption Condition Level: 
Nominal Amount × Min (Fixed Percentage 2, Final Redemption Value) 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if the FR Barrier Value on the MFP FR Barrier Valuation Date is less than the Final 
Redemption Condition Level, Fixed Percentage 1 plus a final exit rate (equal to the 
FR Exit Rate);  
• 
if the FR Barrier Value on the MFP FR Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or greater 
than the Final Redemption Condition Level, the minimum of Fixed Percentage 2 and 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(xiii) Multiple Final Payout - 2-Step Knock-in Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - 2-
Step Knock-in Notes: 
(A) 
if the Knock-in Event has not occurred:  
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + FR Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Floor 
Percentage)  
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 4)); 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage;

--- Page 372 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
372 
 
 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 3);  
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage); 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant Percentage 3); 
and 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage) 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(tt)(xiii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(tt)(xiii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has not occurred, a fixed percentage plus a final exit rate (equal 
to the FR Exit Rate); 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, 
an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above 
or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum; or 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum; or 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on 
how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying 
Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied 
to the Nominal Amount for determining the Final Payout, subject to Gearing and a 
minimum. 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply.

--- Page 373 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
373 
 
 
(xiv) Multiple Final Payout - 2-Step Knock-out Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - 2-
Step Knock-out Notes: 
(A) 
if the Knock-out Event has not occurred:  
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 1 + FR Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Floor 
Percentage)  
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 4)); 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 3);  
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage); 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant Percentage 3);  
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage) 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(tt)(xiv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(tt)(xiv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout

--- Page 374 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
374 
 
 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has not occurred, a fixed percentage plus a final exit rate (equal 
to the FR Exit Rate); 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred and Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, 
an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above 
or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum; or 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred and Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum; or 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred and Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on 
how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is positive 
the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the 
higher the percentage to be applied to the Nominal Amount for determining the Final 
Payout. 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(uu) 
Multiple Final Payout - Performance Notes  
(i) 
Multiple Final Payout - Geared Call Performance Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - 
Geared Call Performance Notes 
i. 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × {Constant Percentage 1 + [Final Redemption Value + 
Additional Gearing × Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage, 
Floor Percentage)]} 
ii. 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × {Constant Percentage 1 + Min [Final Redemption Value 
+ Additional Gearing × Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage, 
Floor Percentage), Cap Percentage]} 
Description of the Final Payout 
• 
If Cap is specified as not applicable, the Final Payout comprises an indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) and an additional indexation (subject to

--- Page 375 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
375 
 
 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage. 
(subject to a minimum of the Floor Percentage) 
• 
If Cap is specified as applicable, the Final Payout provides a limited maximum upside 
and comprises an indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) and an 
additional indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) 
above the Strike Percentage (subject to a minimum of the Floor Percentage), subject 
to a cap of the Cap Percentage. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout - Multi Performance Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - 
Multi Performance Notes: 
i. 
if Cap and Floor are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage + [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × ( Constant 
Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ] } 
ii. 
if Cap is specified as applicable and Floor is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage + Min [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × 
(Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) , Global Cap ] } 
iii. 
if Cap is specified as not applicable and Floor is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage + Max [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × 
(Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) , Global Floor ] } 
iv. 
if Cap and Floor are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage + Min [ Max [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × 
( Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) , Global Floor ] , Global Cap ] } 
where: 
"Constant Percentagen" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Gearingn" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,1) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,2) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage(n) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 376 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
376 
 
 
"Loss Percentage(n) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Value(n) " means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value 
and Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 
8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 
(Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 
(Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 
(Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"W(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"n" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optionn" means Put(n), Put Spread(n), Call(n), Call Spread(n), EDS(n) or Forward(n) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS(n)" means Max (Floor Percentage(n), Min (Generic Percentage(n,1) – nEDS(n) × Loss 
Percentage(n), Generic Percentage (n,2))); 
"Forward(n)" means Final Redemption Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
"nEDS(n)" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage(n); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call(n)" means Max (Final Redemption Value(n) - Strike Percentage(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1));  
"Call Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
Generic Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n)); 
"Put(n)" means Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Redemption Value(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1));

--- Page 377 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
377 
 
 
"Put Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Redemption Value(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n)). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
a fixed percentage and if Option is Forward, Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread 
the weighted sum of a constant percentage and an indexation (subject to Gearing) to 
the Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage; or 
• 
a fixed percentage and Option is EDS, the weighted sum of a constant percentage 
and a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket(s) 
have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing. When 
Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value 
above this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Nominal Amount for 
determining the Final Payout. 
• 
The Final Payout may be subject to a Global Cap and/or Global Floor. 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(iii) 
Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-Out Bonus Performance Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout 
– (Capped) Knock- Out Bonus Performance Notes: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Final Redemption Value 1 ); or  
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Bonus Percentage, Final 
Redemption Value 2 ) ) 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Final Redemption Value 1 –  
Max ( Final Redemption Value 2 - Cap Percentage 1, Floor Percentage ) ]; or  
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred:

--- Page 378 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
378 
 
 
Nominal Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Max ( Bonus Percentage, 
Final Redemption Value 3 ) – Max (Final Redemption Value 4 - Cap 
Percentage 2, Floor Percentage ) ] 
Description of the Final Payout  
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage; or 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value). 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides limited maximum upside and 
comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage, up to a maximum 
level and subject to a minimum level; or 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value), up 
to a maximum level and subject to a minimum level. 
(iv) 
Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-In Bonus Performance Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
(Capped) Knock-In Bonus Performance Notes: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Final Redemption 
Value 1 ); or  
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Bonus 
Percentage, Final Redemption Value 2 ) ). 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred:

--- Page 379 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
379 
 
 
Nominal Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Final Redemption 
Value 1 - Max ( Final Redemption Value 2 - Cap Percentage 1, Floor 
Percentage 1 ) ]; or  
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × [ Constant Percentage 1 + Max ( Bonus 
Percentage, Final Redemption Value 3 ) - Max (Final Redemption 
Value 4 - Cap Percentage 2, Floor Percentage 2 ) ] 
Description of the Final Payout  
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage; or 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value). 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides limited maximum upside and 
comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage, up to a maximum level 
and subject to a minimum level; or 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value), up 
to a maximum level and subject to a minimum level. 
(v) 
Multiple Final Payout – 2-Step KI Multi Bonus Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 2-
Step KI Multi Bonus Notes: 
(A) 
if the Knock-in Event has not occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Gearing 1 × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Percentage 
1 + Gearing 2 × Option – Bonus Percentage 2 ); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Gearing 3 × Max ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 4 × 
Option; Floor Percentage )

--- Page 380 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
380 
 
 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 4)); 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 3);  
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage); 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant Percentage 3); 
and 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage), 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(uu)(v) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(uu)(v) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
If a Knock-in Event has not occurred: 
i. 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
ii. 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Redemption Value; or  
iii. 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or

--- Page 381 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
381 
 
 
iv. 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing.  
• 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
ii. 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Redemption Value; or  
iii. 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or  
iv. 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing.  
All of the above (i) to (iv) are subject to a Floor. 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(vi) 
Multiple Final Payout – 3-Step Multi Bonus Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 3-
Step Multi Bonus Notes: 
(A) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Gearing 1 × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Percentage 
1 + Gearing 2 × Option – Bonus Percentage 2 )  
(B) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Gearing 3 × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Bonus Percentage 
3 + Gearing 4 × Option – Bonus Percentage 4 )  
(C) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Gearing 5 × Max ( Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 6 × 
Option; Bonus Floor Percentage ) 
where:

--- Page 382 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
382 
 
 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 4);  
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage); 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant Percentage 4); 
and 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage), 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(uu)(vi) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(uu)(vi) or (cc) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 (uu)(vi) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
ii. 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Redemption Value; or  
iii. 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or

--- Page 383 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
383 
 
 
iv. 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing.  
• 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
i. 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
ii. 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Redemption Value; or  
iii. 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or  
iv. 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing.  
• 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
ii. 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Redemption Value; or  
iii. 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or  
iv. 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing.  
All of the above (i) to (iv) are subject to a Floor. 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(vii) 
Multiple Final Payout – 3-Step Flexi Bonus Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 3-
Step Flexi Bonus Notes: 
(A) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied and no Knock-in Event has occurred:

--- Page 384 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
384 
 
 
Nominal Amount × Gearing 1 × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Percentage 
1 + Gearing 2 × Option 1 – Bonus Percentage 2 )  
(B) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Gearing 3 × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Bonus Percentage 
3 + Gearing 4 × Option 2 – Bonus Percentage 4 )  
(C) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × Gearing 5 × Max ( Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 6 × 
Option 3; Bonus Floor Percentage ) 
Option 1 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS 1" means Max (Floor Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"Forward 1" means Final Redemption Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value 1 is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than 
or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 1; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Redemption Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 
4);  
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 4); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; Constant Percentage 
4); and 
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Redemption Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 4); Spread Percentage 1), 
Option 2

--- Page 385 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
385 
 
 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS 2" means Max (Floor Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 6 – nEDS 2 × Loss 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 7)); 
"Forward 2" means Final Redemption Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value 2 is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than 
or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 2; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Redemption Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 
6);  
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 6); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; Constant Percentage 
6); and 
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Redemption Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 6); Spread Percentage 2), 
Option 3 
"Option 3" means Put 3, Put Spread 3, Call 3, Call Spread 3, EDS 3 or Forward 3 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS 3" means Max (Floor Percentage 3, Min (Constant Percentage 8 – nEDS 3 × Loss 
Percentage 3, Constant Percentage 9)); 
"Forward 3" means Final Redemption Value 3 – Strike Percentage 3; 
"nEDS 3" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value 3 is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than 
or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage 3; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 386 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
386 
 
 
"Call 3" means Max (Final Redemption Value 3 - Strike Percentage 3; Constant Percentage 
8);  
"Call Spread 3" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value 3 – Strike Percentage 3; 
Constant Percentage 8); Spread Percentage 3); 
"Put 3" means Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Redemption Value 3; Constant Percentage 
8); and 
"Put Spread 3" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Redemption Value 3; 
Constant Percentage 8); Spread Percentage 3), 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(uu)(vii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(uu)(vii) or (cc) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) of this Formulas Condition 1.1 
(uu)(vii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Option 1 is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
ii. 
if Option 1 is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Redemption Value; or  
iii. 
if Option 1 is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or  
iv. 
if Option 1 is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing.  
• 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred, an indexation similar to (i) to (iv) but, possibly, with a different Option, i.e. 
Option 2 
• 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred an indexation similar to (i) to (iv) but, possibly, 
with a different Option, i.e. Option 3 subject to a Floor 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply.

--- Page 387 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
387 
 
 
(viii) Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Knock-Out Bonus Performance Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
(Capped) Knock-Out Bonus Performance Notes: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Final Redemption 
Value 2); or  
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Max ( Bonus 
Percentage, Final Redemption Value 1 ) ) 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Final Redemption 
Value 2 - Max ( Final Redemption Value 2 - Cap Percentage 1, Floor 
Percentage 1 ) ); or  
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × [ Constant Percentage 2 + Max ( Bonus 
Percentage, Final Redemption Value 1 ) - Max (Final Redemption 
Value 1 - Cap Percentage 2, Floor Percentage 2 ) ] 
Description of the Final Payout  
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage; or 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value). 
• 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides limited maximum upside 
and comprises: 
• 
if no Knock- out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage, up to a maximum 
level and subject to a minimum level; or

--- Page 388 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
388 
 
 
• 
if a Knock- out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value), up to a maximum level and 
subject to a minimum level. 
(ix) 
Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Knock – In Bonus Performance Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
(Capped) Multi Knock – In Bonus Performance Notes: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Final Redemption 
Value 2 ); or  
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Max ( Bonus 
Percentage, Final Redemption Value 1 ) ) 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Final Redemption 
Value 2 - Max ( Final Redemption Value 2 - Cap Percentage 1, Floor 
Percentage 1 ) ); or  
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × [ Constant Percentage 2 + Max ( Bonus 
Percentage, Final Redemption Value 1) - Max ( Final Redemption 
Value 1 - Cap Percentage 2, Floor Percentage 2 ) ] 
Description of the Final Payout  
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage; or 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value). 
• 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides limited maximum upside 
and comprises:

--- Page 389 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
389 
 
 
• 
if no Knock- in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage, up to a maximum 
level and subject to a minimum level; or 
• 
if a Knock- in Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value), up to a maximum level and 
subject to a minimum level. 
(x) 
Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Performance Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Leveraged Performance Notes: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × { Constant Percentage 1 + Constant Percentage 2 + [ Final 
Redemption Value + Gearing 1 × Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike 
Percentage, Floor Percentage ) ] }; or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × { Constant Percentage 3+ Constant Percentage 4 + [Max 
( Fixed Percentage 1, Fixed Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × ( Final Redemption 
Value – Strike Percentage ) ) ] }  
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Constant Percentage 2 + Min 
[ Cap Percentage 1, [ Final Redemption Value + Gearing 1 × Max (Final 
Redemption Value - Strike Percentage, Floor Percentage)]]); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (Constant Percentage 3+ Constant Percentage 4 + Min 
[ Cap Percentage 2, [ Max (Fixed Percentage 1, Fixed Percentage 2 + Gearing 
2 × (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage ) ) ] ] ) 
where: 
"Gearing 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 390 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
390 
 
 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
• if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and leveraged 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, 
subject to a minimum of the Fixed Percentage 1; or 
• if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and leveraged 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) plus additional indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, subject to a 
minimum of the Floor Percentage. 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides limited maximum upside and 
comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and leveraged indexation 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, subject to a 
minimum of the Fixed Percentage1 and up to a maximum level equal to the Cap 
Percentage; or 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) plus additional indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) 
above the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum of the Floor Percentage. The 
aggregate indexation is limited to a maximum level equal to the Cap Percentage. 
(vv) 
Multiple Final Payout – Twin-Win Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – Twin-Win 
Notes: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Max [ Floor Percentage 1, 
Gearing 1 × Final Redemption Value ] ); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Max [ Max (Gearing 2 × (Strike 
Percentage - Final Redemption Value), Gearing 3 × (Final Redemption Value - 
Strike Percentage)), Floor Percentage 2 ] )

--- Page 391 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
391 
 
 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + [ Min ( Cap Percentage 1, Gearing 
1 × Final Redemption Value) ] ); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × { Constant Percentage 2 + Max { Max [ Gearing 2 × ( Strike 
Percentage – Final Redemption Value ), Min ( Cap Percentage 2 – Strike 
Percentage, Gearing 3 × ( Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage ) ) ], 
Floor Percentage }} 
where: 
"Gearing 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 3" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing 3) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage or an 
indexation (subject to Gearing 2) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the 
Strike Percentage in absolute terms, subject to a floor of the Floor Percentage 2; or 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation (subject to 
Gearing 1) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a floor of the Floor 
Percentage 1. 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing 3) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage and up 
to a maximum level equal to the Cap Percentage or an indexation (subject to Gearing 3) to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage in absolute terms, 
subject to a Floor Percentage; or 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation (subject to 
Gearing 1) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to a maximum level equal to the 
Cap Percentage.

--- Page 392 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
392 
 
 
(ww) Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Outperformance Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In 
Outperformance Notes: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Final Redemption Value + 
Additional Gearing × Max ( Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage, Floor 
Percentage ) ); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Final Redemption Value )  
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + [ Min ( Cap Percentage 1, Final 
Redemption Value + Additional Gearing × Max ( Final Redemption Value - 
Strike Percentage, Floor Percentage ) ) ] ); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2 + [Min ( Cap Percentage 2 , Final 
Redemption Value ) ] ). 
Description of the Final Payout  
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
• 
a minimum percentage and an indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); and 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, additional indexation (subject to gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage subject to a minimum of a Floor 
Percentage. 
• 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides a limited maximum upside and 
comprises: 
• 
a minimum percentage and an indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to 
a maximum of the Cap Percentage 2; and

--- Page 393 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
393 
 
 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, additional indexation (subject to gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage subject to a minimum of a Floor 
Percentage and up to a maximum of the Cap Percentage 1.  
(xx) 
Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Performance Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – Flexi 
Performance Notes: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up × Option Up + Gearing Down × 
Option Down ) 
where: 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption Value; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption Value; 
Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down Call 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up Floor Percentage);  
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up Floor 
Percentage); Up Cap Percentage).

--- Page 394 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
394 
 
 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises a minimum percentage and an indexation (subject to Gearing Up) to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Up which may be subject to a maximum 
level and an indexation (subject to Gearing Down) to the value (this value may differ from the value 
above) of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Down which may be subject to a 
maximum level (which may differ from the maximum level above).  
(yy) 
Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Performance Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – Hyper 
Flexi Performance Notes: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option Up + Gearing 2 × Option 
Down + Gearing 3 × Option Down + Gearing 4 × Option Up ) 
where: 
"Gearing 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 4" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption Value; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption Value; 
Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down Call 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 395 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
395 
 
 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up Floor Percentage);  
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up Floor 
Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises a minimum percentage and an indexation (subject to the relevant 
gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Up which may be subject 
to a maximum level and an indexation (subject to the relevant gearing) to the value (this value may 
differ from the value above) of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Down which may 
be subject to a maximum level (which may differ from the maximum level above).  
(zz) 
Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Knock-In Performance Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Knock-In 
Performance Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up × Option Up ); or  
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2+ Gearing Down × Option Down ) 
where: 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption Value; Down Floor 
Percentage);

--- Page 396 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
396 
 
 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption Value; 
Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down Call 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up Floor Percentage);  
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up Floor 
Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to Gearing 
Up) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Up which may be subject 
to a maximum level; or 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to Gearing 
Down) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the value 
above) through the Option Down which may be subject to a maximum level (which may differ 
from the maximum level above). 
(aaa) Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Knock-Out Performance Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – Flexi 
Knock-Out Performance: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Down × Option Down ); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing Up × Option Up ),

--- Page 397 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
397 
 
 
where: 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption Value; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption Value; 
Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down Call 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up Floor Percentage); 
and 
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up Floor 
Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to 
Gearing Down) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Down which 
may be subject to a maximum level; or 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to Gearing 
Up) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the value above)

--- Page 398 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
398 
 
 
through the Option Up which may be subject to a maximum level (which may differ from the 
maximum level above).  
(bbb) Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-In Performance Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi 
Knock-In Performance Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up 1 × Option Up 1 + Gearing 
Down 1 × Option Down 1 ); or  
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing Up 2 × Option Up 2 + Gearing 
Down 2 × Option Down 2 ) 
where: 
"Gearing Up 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Up 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Down 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Down 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption Value; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption Value; 
Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down 1" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down Call 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Down 2" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down Call 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 399 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
399 
 
 
"Option Up 1" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up 2" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up Floor Percentage);  
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up Floor 
Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to the 
relevant gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through (1) the Option Up 1 
which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level and (2) through the Option Down 
1 which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level; or 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage (which may differ from the fixed 
percentage above) and an indexation (subject to the relevant gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the value above) through (1) the Option 
Down 2 which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level (which may differ from the 
maximum level above) and (2) the Option Up 2 which may be subject to a maximum or a 
minimum level. 
(ccc) Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-Out Performance Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi 
Knock-out Performance Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up 1 × Option Up 1 + Gearing 
Down 1 × Option Down 1 ); or  
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred:

--- Page 400 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
400 
 
 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing Up 2 × Option Up 2 + Gearing 
Down 2 × Option Down 2 ) 
where: 
"Gearing Up 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Up 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Down 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Down 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption Value; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption Value; 
Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down 1" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down Call 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Down 2" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down Call 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up 1" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up 2" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage;

--- Page 401 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
401 
 
 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up Floor Percentage);  
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up Floor 
Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to the 
relevant gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through (1) the Option Up 1 
which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level and (2) through the Option Down 
1 which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level; or  
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage (which may differ from the fixed 
percentage above) and an indexation (subject to the relevant gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the value above) through (1) the Option 
Down 2 which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level (which may differ from the 
maximum level above) and (2) the Option Up 2 which may be subject to a maximum or a 
minimum level. 
(ddd) Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Multi Knock-In Performance Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi 
Multi Knock-In Performance Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-In Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Global Cap 1 and Global Floor 1 are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage 1 + [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × 
( Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ] } 
ii. 
if Global Cap 1 is specified as applicable and Global Floor 1 is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Min [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × 
( Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ; Global Cap 1 ] } 
iii. 
if Global Cap 1 is specified as not applicable and Global Floor 1 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Max [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × 
( Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ; Global Floor 1 ] } 
iv. 
if Global Cap 1 and Global Floor 1 are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms:

--- Page 402 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
402 
 
 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Min [ Max [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) 
W(n) × ( Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ; Global Floor 1 ] ; Global 
Cap 1 ] } 
(B) 
if a Knock-In Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Global Cap 2 and Global Floor 2 are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage 2 + [ Sum ( j = 1, 2, …, J ) W(j) × ( Constant 
Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ) ] } 
ii. 
if Global Cap 2 is specified as applicable and Global Floor 2 is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Min [ Sum ( j = 1, 2, …, J ) W(j) × 
( Constant Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ) , Global Cap 2] } 
iii. 
if Global Cap 2 is specified as not applicable and Global Floor 2 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Max [ Sum ( j = 1, 2, …, J ) W(j) × 
( Constant Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ) , Global Floor 2] } 
iv. 
if Global Cap 2 and Global Floor 2 are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Min [ Max [ Sum ( j = 1, 2, …, J ) 
W(j) × ( Constant Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ) , Global Floor 2] ; Global 
Cap 2 ] } 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"J" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"N" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"n" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 403 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
403 
 
 
"Constant Percentagen" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Gearingn" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,1)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,2)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Value(n)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value 
and Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 
8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 
(Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 
(Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 
(Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
"Strike Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optionn" means Put(n), Put Spread(n), Call(n), Call Spread(n), EDS(n) or Forward(n) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS(n)" means Max (Floor Percentage(n), Min (Generic Percentage(n,1) – nEDS(n) × Loss 
Percentage(n), Generic Percentage (n,2))); 
"Forward(n)" means Final Redemption Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
"nEDS(n)" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage(n); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call(n)" means Max (Final Redemption Value(n) - Strike Percentage(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1));  
"Call Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
Generic Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n));

--- Page 404 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
404 
 
 
"Put(n)" means Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Redemption Value(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1));  
"Put Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Redemption Value(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n)); 
"Constant Percentagej" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Gearingj" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage (j,1) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(j,2) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage(j) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage(j) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Value(j)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value 
and Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 
8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 
(Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 
(Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 
(Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage(j) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread Percentage(j)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optionj" means Put(j), Put Spread(j), Call(j), Call Spread(j), EDS(j) or Forward(j) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS(j)" means Max (Floor Percentage(j), Min (Generic Percentage(j,1) – nEDS(j) × Loss 
Percentage(j), Generic Percentage (j,2))); 
"Forward(j)" means Final Redemption Value(j) – Strike Percentage(j); 
"nEDS(j)" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage(j); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage(j)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 405 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
405 
 
 
"Call(j)" means Max (Final Redemption Value(j) - Strike Percentage(j); Generic 
Percentage(j,1));  
"Call Spread(j)" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value(j) – Strike Percentage(j); Generic 
Percentage(j,1)); Spread Percentage(j)); 
"Put(j)" means Max (Strike Percentage(j) – Final Redemption Value(j); Generic 
Percentage(j,1)); and 
"Put Spread(j)" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage(j) – Final Redemption Value(j); Generic 
Percentage(j,1)); Spread Percentage(j))  
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has not occurred, a fixed percentage and, if Option is Call, Call Spread, 
Put, Put Spread, or Forward, a weighted sum of another fixed percentage and an indexation 
(subject to gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has not occurred a fixed percentage and, if Option is EDS, a weighted 
sum of another percentage and a further percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to 
gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a 
value above this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Nominal Amount for 
determining the Final Payout. 
• 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout will have the same features described 
above and, possibly, different fixed percentages, constant percentages, gearing, Options 
and/or Underlying Reference(s). 
• 
The Final Payout may be subject to a Global Cap and/or a Global Floor. 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(eee) Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Multi Knock-out Performance Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi 
Multi Knock-Out Performance Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-Out Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Global Cap 1 and Global Floor 1 are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage 1 + [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × ( Constant 
Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ] }

--- Page 406 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
406 
 
 
ii. 
if Global Cap 1 is specified as applicable and Global Floor 1 is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Min [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × 
( Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ; Global Cap 1 ] } 
iii. 
if Global Cap 1 is specified as not applicable and Global Floor 1 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Max [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) × 
( Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ; Global Floor 1 ] } 
iv. 
if Global Cap 1 and Global Floor 1 are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Min [ Max [ Sum ( n = 1, 2, …, N ) W(n) 
× ( Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ) ; Global Floor 1 ] ; Global Cap 
1 ] } 
(B) 
if a Knock-Out Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Global Cap 2 and Global Floor 2 are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage 2 + [ Sum ( j = 1, 2, …, J ) W(j) × 
( Constant Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ) ] } 
ii. 
if Global Cap 2 is specified as applicable and Global Floor 2 is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Min [ Sum ( j = 1, 2, …, J ) W(j) × 
( Constant Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ) , Global Cap 2] } 
iii. 
if Global Cap 2 is specified as not applicable and Global Floor 2 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Max [ Sum ( j = 1, 2, …, J ) W(j) × 
( Constant Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ) , Global Floor 2] } 
iv. 
if Global Cap 2 and Global Floor 2 are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
Nominal Amount × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Min [ Max [ Sum ( j = 1, 2, …, J ) W(j) 
× ( Constant Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ) , Global Floor 2] ; Global Cap 
2 ] } 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 407 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
407 
 
 
"Global Cap 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"N" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"n" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"J" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentagen" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Gearingn" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,1)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,2)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Value(n)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value 
and Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 
8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 
(Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 
(Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 
(Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
"Strike Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optionn" means Put(n), Put Spread(n), Call(n), Call Spread(n), EDS(n) or Forward(n) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS(n)" means Max (Floor Percentage(n), Min (Generic Percentage(n,1)  – nEDS(n) × Loss 
Percentage(n), Generic Percentage (n,2))); 
"Forward(n)" means Final Redemption Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n);

--- Page 408 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
408 
 
 
"nEDS(n)" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage(n); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call(n)" means Max (Final Redemption Value(n) - Strike Percentage(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1));  
"Call Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
Generic Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n)); 
"Put(n)" means Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Redemption Value(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1));  
"Put Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Redemption Value(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n)); 
"Constant Percentagej" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Gearingj" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage (j,1) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(j,2) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage(j) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage(j) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Value(j)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value 
and Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 
8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 
(Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 
(Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 
(Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage(j) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread Percentage(j)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optionj" means Put(j), Put Spread(j), Call(j), Call Spread(j), EDS(j) or Forward(j) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 409 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
409 
 
 
"EDS(j)" means Max (Floor Percentage(j), Min (Generic Percentage(j,1) – nEDS(j) × Loss 
Percentage(j), Generic Percentage (j,2))); 
"Forward(j)" means Final Redemption Value(j) – Strike Percentage(j); 
"nEDS(j)" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or 
equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage(j); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage(j) " is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call(j)" means Max (Final Redemption Value(j) - Strike Percentage(j); Generic 
Percentage(j,1));  
"Call Spread(j)" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value(j) – Strike Percentage(j); Generic 
Percentage(j,1)); Spread Percentage(j)); 
"Put(j)" means Max (Strike Percentage(j) – Final Redemption Value(j); Generic 
Percentage(j,1)); and 
"Put Spread(j)" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage(j) – Final Redemption Value(j); Generic 
Percentage(j,1)); Spread Percentage(j))  
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has not occurred, a fixed percentage and, if Option is Call, Call Spread, 
Put, Put Spread, or Forward, a weighted sum of another fixed percentage and an indexation 
(subject to gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has not occurred a fixed percentage and, if Option is EDS, a weighted 
sum of another percentage and a further percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to 
gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a 
value above this barrier the higher the percentage to be applied to the Nominal Amount for 
determining the Final Payout. 
• 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout will have the same features described 
above and, possibly, different fixed percentages, constant percentages, gearing, Options 
and/or Underlying Reference(s). 
• 
The Final Payout may be subject to a Global Cap and/or a Global Floor. 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(fff) 
Multiple Final Payout – Capped and Floored Ratchet Notes

--- Page 410 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
410 
 
 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – Capped 
and Floored Ratchet Notes: 
(i) 
if Local Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × ( Max ( Sum ( q = 1, 2, ..., Q ) Max ( ( Constant Percentage 1 + 
Final Redemption Value(q) - Strike Percentage ) , Local Floor Percentage ) , Global 
Floor Percentage ) ); 
Or 
Nominal Amount × ( Max ( Sum ( i = 1, 2, …, I) Sum ( q = 1, 2, ..., Q ) Max 
( ( Constant Percentage 1 + Final Redemption Value(i,q) - Strike Percentage(i,q) ) , 
Local Floor Percentage(i,q) ) , Global Floor Percentage ) ) ; 
(ii) 
if Local Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × ( Max ( Sum ( q = 1, 2, ..., Q ) Max ( Min ( Constant Percentage 
1 + Final Redemption Value(q) - Strike Percentage , Local Cap Percentage ) , Local 
Floor Percentage ) , Global Floor Percentage ) ); 
Or 
Nominal Amount × ( Max ( Sum ( q = 1, 2, ..., Q ) Max ( Min ( Constant Percentage 
1 + Final Redemption Value(i,q) - Strike Percentage(i,q) , Local Cap Percentage(i,q)) , 
Local Floor Percentage ) , Global Floor Percentage ) ); 
Where 
"I" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Q" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout provides a fixed percentage and an amount equal to the sum of the Final 
Redemption Values above the Strike Percentage with a Local Floor Percentage and possibly a 
Local Cap Percentage, subject to a floor of the Global Floor Percentage. The Final Redemption 
Values are calculated on each MFP Valuation Date during the MFP Valuation Period and each 
may be subject to a cap and/or a floor. 
(ggg) Multiple Final Payout – Weighted Mixed Payouts Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Weighted Mixed Payouts Notes: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Mixed Percentage + Sum ( a = 1, 2, …, A) PW(a) Prod ( b = 1, 
2, …, B ) Additional Final Payout(a,b) ) 
where:  
"Constant Mixed Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 411 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
411 
 
 
"PW" is the relevant Additional Final Payout Weighting; 
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"a" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"B" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"b" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises a constant percentage and a weighted sum of two or more Final 
Payouts provided in the Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(hhh) Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Mixed Payouts Notes   
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In 
Mixed Payouts Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Mixed Constant 1 + Mixed Gearing 1 × Additional Final Payout 1 ); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Mixed Constant 2 + Mixed Gearing 2 × Additional Final Payout 2 ); 
where: 
"Mixed Constant 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Constant 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Gearing 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Gearing 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-in Event occurs, a fixed percentage and geared indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) through a Final Payout provided in the Conditions and specified 
in the applicable Final Terms 
• 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and geared indexation to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) through a possibly different Final Payout provided in the 
Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 412 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
412 
 
 
(iii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Knock-out Mixed Payouts Notes   
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – Knock-out 
Mixed Payouts Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Mixed Constant 1 + Mixed Gearing 1 × Additional Final Payout 
1 ); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × ( Mixed Constant 2 + Mixed Gearing 2 × Additional Final Payout 
2 ); 
where: 
"Mixed Constant 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Constant 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Gearing 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Gearing 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-out Event occurs, a fixed percentage and geared indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) through a Final Payout provided in the Conditions and specified 
in the applicable Final Terms 
• 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and geared indexation to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) through a possibly different Final Payout provided in the 
Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(jjj) 
Multiple Final Payout – Max Mixed Payouts Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – Max Mixed 
Payouts Notes: 
Nominal Amount × ( Constant Mixed Percentage + Max ( a = 1, 2, …, A ) Additional Final 
Payout(a) ) 
where: 
"a" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 413 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
413 
 
 
"Constant Mixed Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises a maximum of two or more Final Payouts provided in the Conditions 
and specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(kkk) Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Notes 
If the Notes are Fund Linked Notes and are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Leveraged Notes:  
Nominal Amount × ( Reference Level - Fixed Percentage ) 
where: 
"Reference Level" means: 
Reference Level0 × (1 + Participation Factor × (Fund Levelt - Fund Level0) / Fund Level0 - 
(Participation Factor-1 ) × Feest) 
"Reference Level0" means the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the Final Terms; 
"Fund Level0" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the Fixing 
Date; 
"Fund Levelt" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the MFP 
Redemption Valuation Date;  
"Fixing Date" means the Calculation Date immediately preceding the First Calculation Date; 
"Calculation Date" means each day which is a Fund Business Day; 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Feest" means the cumulative leverage fee, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as the aggregate sum of the Fees Accrued during each Fees Accrual Period;  
"Fees Accrued" means, in respect of a Fee Accrual Period, the fees accrued during such period, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(Fee ISDA Rate + Fee Margin) × Day Count Fraction 
"Fee ISDA Rate" means the floating rate determined according to the ISDA Determination under 
Base Condition 7(d)(i) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 414 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
414 
 
 
"Fee Margin" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Accrual Period(s)" means the periods commencing on (and including) the Fee Accrual 
Commencing Date up to (but excluding) the first Fee Accrual Date and each subsequent period 
commencing on (and including) a Fee Accrual Date up to (but excluding) the next following Fee 
Accrual Date; 
"Fee Accrual Commencing Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Accrual Date(s)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Participation Factor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises a leveraged indexation to the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s) above the Fixed Percentage and net of any fees accrued, as calculated on each Fee 
Accrual Date(s) during the Fee Accrual Period(s). 
(lll) 
Multiple Final Payout – Best Entry Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – Best Entry 
Notes: 
Nominal Amount × ∑N
n
Weight(n) x Best Entry Level(n) 
Where:  
"n" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"N" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Weight(n)” is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Best Entry Level(n)” means in respect of each Lock-in Event(n): 
• 
If Lock-in Event(n) has occurred: 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value of the Underlying Reference ÷ Best Entry 
Strike(n); and  
• 
If Lock-in Event(n) has not occurred: 
the percentage indicated in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 415 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
415 
 
 
“Lock-in Event(n)” is deemed to have occurred if on any Lock-in Event Date, for the first time, 
the Closing Level of the Underlying Reference is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or 
greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Lock-in 
Barrier(n); 
“Lock-in Event Date” means the Daily Valuation Date(s), or the Weekly Valuation Date(s), or the 
different date(s) indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms, all as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
“Daily Valuation Date(s)” means each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from 
(but excluding) the Strike Date, or the last Strike Day of the Strike Period or the different date 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, to (and including) the Redemption Valuation Date, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Weekly Valuation Date(s)” means each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from 
(but excluding) the Strike Date, or the last Strike Day of the Strike Period or the different date 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, to (and including) the Redemption Valuation Date which 
occurs on a weekday specified in the relevant Final Terms, all as specified in he applicable Final 
Terms. If such weekday is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day, the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day; 
“Lock-in Barrier(n)” means the value(s) indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Best Entry Strike(n)” means the value(s) indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout embeds a rule-based investment mechanism that allows the investor to get 
exposure to the underlying asset if certain conditions are met. 
At inception, the product has an initial allocation in cash and eventually an initial percentage of 
underlying asset. On a periodical basis, the level of the underlying is monitored and if this is below, 
above or within relevant threshold, part of the cash outstanding is invested in the underlying asset. 
In case all the conditions are met, the product will be fully invested in the underlying asset, and the 
final payoff is a delta one with the underlying performance. 
(mmm) 
Single FI FX Vanilla Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Single FI FX Vanilla Notes: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred:

--- Page 416 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
416 
 
 
Nominal Amount × FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing × Option)); 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing × Option)); 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing × Option)); 
(B) 
in all other cases: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1)  
where:  
"Option" means Max (Performance Value, Floor). 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
 if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage; or 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage plus an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a floor; 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a fixed 
percentage plus an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the Underlying Reference(s), subject 
to a floor 
• 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred but no Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed 
percentage plus an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the Underlying Reference(s), 
subject to a floor; or 
- 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage. 
(nnn) Single FI Digital Floor Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Single FI Digital Floor Notes:

--- Page 417 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
417 
 
 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × FI Constant Percentage 1;  
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in 
respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date:  
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 1); 
or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied 
in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 2) 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 1) 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 2) 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and the FI 
Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 1); 
or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 2)  
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 418 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
418 
 
 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage;  
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied, a 
fixed percentage plus the Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied, 
a fixed percentage plus the Digital Floor Percentage 2; 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital Floor 
Percentage 1; or 
- 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital 
Floor Percentage 2; 
• 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage; 
- 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and the FI 
Digital Floor Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital Floor 
Percentage 1; or 
- 
otherwise, a fixed percentage plus the Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
(ooo) Single FI Digital Cap Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Single FI Digital Cap Notes: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × FI Constant Percentage 1;  
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in 
respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1+ Digital Cap Percentage 1); or  
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied in 
respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1+ Digital Cap Percentage 2); or  
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption 
Valuation Date:

--- Page 419 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
419 
 
 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 1); 
or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 2); 
or 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Nominal Amount × FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and the FI 
Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 1); 
or  
(C) 
in all other cases: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 2).  
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage;  
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied, a fixed 
percentage plus the Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied, a 
fixed percentage plus the Digital Cap Percentage 2; 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital Cap 
Percentage 1; or 
- 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital 
Cap Percentage 2; 
• 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms:

--- Page 420 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
420 
 
 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage; 
- 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and the FI 
Digital Cap Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital Cap 
Percentage 1; or 
- 
otherwise, a fixed percentage plus the Digital Cap Percentage 2. 
(ppp) Single FI Digital Plus Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Single FI Digital Plus Notes: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if, irrespective of whether a Knock-in Event has or has not occurred, the FI Digital 
Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing 
A × FI Digital Value))); or 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied 
in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
Nominal Amount × FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied in 
respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Min (Digital Plus Percentage 2, Max 
((Gearing B × FI Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage))); 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 
1, (Gearing A × FI Digital Value))); or 
(B) if the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Min (Digital Plus Percentage 
2, Max ((Gearing B × FI Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage))); 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
irrespective of whether a Knock-in Event and/or Knock-out Event has occurred, if 
the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption 
Valuation Date:

--- Page 421 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
421 
 
 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus 
Percentage 1, (Gearing A × FI Digital Value))); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and the FI 
Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
Nominal Amount × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus 
Percentage 2, Max ((Gearing B × FI Digital Value), FI Digital Floor 
Percentage))); or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
Nominal Amount × FI Constant Percentage 1. 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises: 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied (irrespective of whether a Knock-in Event 
has or has not occurred), a fixed percentage plus an indexation (subject to Gearing 
A) to the Underlying Reference, subject to a floor of the Digital Plus Percentage 1; 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied, 
a fixed percentage plus the FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied, a 
fixed percentage plus the minimum between the Digital Plus Percentage 2 and the 
indexation (subject to Gearing B) to the Underlying Reference, subject to a floor of 
the FI Digital Floor Percentage; 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus an indexation 
(subject to Gearing A) to the Underlying Reference, subject to a floor of the Digital 
Plus Percentage 1; or 
- 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the minimum 
between the Digital Plus Percentage 2 and the indexation (subject to Gearing B) to 
the Underlying Reference, subject to a floor of the FI Digital Floor Percentage; 
• 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
- 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied (irrespective of whether a Knock-in Event 
has or has not occurred), a fixed percentage plus an indexation (subject to Gearing 
A) to the Underlying Reference, subject to a floor of the Digital Plus Percentage 1; 
- 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and the FI 
Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the maximum between

--- Page 422 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
422 
 
 
the Digital Plus Percentage 2 and the indexation (subject to Gearing B) to the 
Underlying Reference, subject to a floor of the FI Digital Floor Percentage; or 
- 
otherwise, a fixed percentage plus the FI Constant Percentage 1. 
(qqq) Continuous FX Wedding Cake Notes  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Continuous FX Wedding Cake 
Notes: 
(A) 
If, at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level remains within Range 1: 
Nominal Amount × FXR_1 
(B) 
If Range 2 is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, at all times on each 
Observation Date during the Observation Period, the Underlying Reference Level has, at 
least once, moved outside Range 1 but has remained within Range 2: 
Nominal Amount × FXR_2 
(C) 
If Range nth is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, at all times on each 
Observation Date during the Observation Period, the Underlying Reference Level has, at 
least once, moved outside Range 1, Range 2 and any other wider range (other than Range 
nth) specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, but has remained within Range nth 
Nominal Amount × FXR_n 
(D) 
If none of the previous conditions has been met: 
Nominal Amount 
where: 
"Range 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range nth" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FXR_1" means the percentage or the value specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FXR_2" means the percentage or the value specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FXR_n" means the percentage or the value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout

--- Page 423 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
423 
 
 
The Final Payout comprises fixed percentages which vary in accordance with the fluctuation of the 
Underlying Reference Level. In particular, on each Observation Date during the Observation 
Period, the Underlying Reference Level may remain in or move outside of certain ranges (Range 1, 
Range 2 and any other wider range (Range nth)), thus determining the applicable fixed percentage 
(respectively, FXR_1, FXR_2, FXR_n). If the Underlying Reference Level has at least once moved 
outside all the applicable ranges (therefore not satisfying any applicable condition) the Final 
Payout will be equal to the Nominal Amount. 
(rrr) 
Single FI Inflation Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Single FI Inflation Notes: 
Nominal Amount × Max [Constant Percentage 1; Gearing × Inflation Rate] 
Or 
Nominal Amount × Min [Constant Percentage 1; Max [Constant Percentage 2; Gearing × Inflation 
Rate] 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout will be equal to the Nominal Amount multiplied by the greater of the 100% and 
the Cumulative Inflation Rate. 
1.2 
Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Notes , Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes  
If Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Notes and/or Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1 and/or Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms the definitions set out below will apply.  
"Capitalised Exercise Price" or "CEPt" means, in respect of a calendar day (dayt), an amount calculated 
as follows and rounded upwards or downwards in accordance with the Capitalised Exercise Price 
Rounding Rule specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that in the case of Italian Listed Notes, 
CEPt for any day from and including the Issue Date to and including the Listing Date shall be equal to 
the Exercise Prices:  
 
Except that: 
(a) 
with respect to Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes and Index Linked Notes (where dividends 
on the Index Shares (as defined below) are not reinvested in the relevant Index), and where dayt 
is an Ex-Dividend Date, the Capitalised Exercise Price will be calculated as follows and rounded 
upwards or downwards in accordance with the Capitalised Exercise Price Rounding Rule 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
CEPt = CEPt-1 * (1 + Financing Ratet-1)1/360 – Dividend Adjustment Amount 
CEPt = CEPt-1 * (1 + Financing Ratet-1)1 360

--- Page 424 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
424 
 
 
(b) 
with respect to Rolling Futures Contract Notes, and where dayt is a Futures Rollover Date, the 
Capitalised Exercise Price will be calculated as follows and rounded upwards or downwards in 
accordance with the Capitalised Exercise Price Rounding Rule specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
CEPt = CEPt-1 * (1 + Financing Ratet-1)1/360 – Futures Rollover Adjustment Amount 
(c) 
with respect to Index Call Notes (where dividends on the Index Shares (as defined below) are 
reinvested in the relevant Index), and where dayt is an Ex-Dividend Date, the Capitalised 
Exercise Price will be calculated as follows and rounded upwards or downwards in accordance 
with the Capitalised Exercise Price Rounding Rule specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
CEPt = CEPt-1 * (1 + Financing Ratet-1)1/360 + Applicable Withholding Tax 
for the purposes of this definition: 
"Applicable Withholding Tax" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the taxes 
deducted or withheld at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having the power to tax in 
respect of the cash dividends and/or other cash distributions payable in respect of the relevant Index 
Share related to the Ex-Dividend Date pursuant to any applicable double taxation treaty or domestic law 
prevailing at the time of the distribution; 
"CEPt-1" means the Capitalised Exercise Price applicable on dayt-1, provided that the Capitalised Exercise 
Price applicable on the Issue Date shall be equal to the Exercise Price; 
"Dividend Adjustment Amount" means, in respect of an Ex-Dividend Date, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
with respect to Call Note, (i) the sum of the cash dividends and/or other cash distributions 
payable in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference (or in the case of an Index, in respect 
of each Index Share (as defined below)) related to such Ex-Dividend Date less applicable taxes 
deducted or withheld at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having power to tax 
in respect of such dividend pursuant to the applicable double taxation treaty or domestic law 
prevailing at the time of distribution, multiplied by (ii) the Dividend Percentage; or 
(b) 
with respect to Put Note, (i) the sum of the gross cash dividends and/or other cash distributions 
payable in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference (or in the case of an Index, in respect 
of each Index Share) related to such Ex-Dividend Date multiplied by (ii) the Dividend 
Percentage; 
"Dividend Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Exercise Price" means the price specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 425 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
425 
 
 
"Financing Ratet-1" means, the Financing Rate applicable on dayt-1; 
"Futures Rollover Adjustment Amount" means an amount, which may be positive or negative, 
calculated by the Calculation Agent representing the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
its hedging arrangements in the Current Exchange-traded Contract or the relevant Futures Contract, as 
the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of establishing hedging arrangements in 
the next Current Exchange-traded Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, in each case in respect 
of the relevant Futures Rollover Date, such amount to be allocated pro rata amongst the Notes. 
The Capitalised Exercise Price will be made available (subject to technical failure) during normal 
business hours on any Local Business Day during the term of the Notes, on the CEP Website(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or such other website as may be notified to the Noteholders; 
"Conversion Rate" means, in respect of a day, the rate of exchange (including any rates of exchange 
pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) between the currency of the relevant 
Underlying Reference and the Settlement Currency, as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
on such day; 
"Ex-Dividend Date" means, with respect to a Share, ETI Interest (in respect of which a dividend is paid) 
or share comprising an Index (an "Index Share"), the date on which such Share, ETI Interest or Index 
Share becomes "ex-dividend" as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Final Price" means the Settlement Price or, in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, the Relevant Price 
on the Valuation Date;  
"Final Price Early" means the price of the relevant Underlying Reference, determined by the Calculation 
Agent: 
(a) 
if the Notes are Italian Listed Notes as (i) in respect of a Call Note, the lowest Observation 
Price and (ii) in respect of a Put Note, the highest Observation Price, in each case 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
on which the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Event occurred; or 
(b) 
if the Notes are not Italian Listed Notes, on the basis of the price obtained by unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements in respect of the relevant Notes during the 
three-hour period immediately following the occurrence of the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, provided that (i) the Final Price Early in respect of a Call Note will be 
no lower than the lowest Observation Price and (ii) the Final Price Early in respect of a Put 
Note will be no greater than the highest Observation Price, in each case determined by the 
Calculation Agent during such three-hour period, or otherwise, during the opening hours 
of the relevant exchange. With respect to Notes relating to an Index, Share or ETI Interest, 
the above-mentioned three-hour period shall be counted during the opening hours of the 
relevant Exchange. Accordingly, if the period between the occurrence of the Automatic

--- Page 426 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
426 
 
 
Early Redemption Event and the official closing time of the relevant Exchange is less than 
three hours, then the observation period shall extend to the following Relevant Business 
Day, until a full period of three hours has passed since the occurrence of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Event. With respect to Currency Notes and Commodity Notes, if a 
period during a Relevant Business Day is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Observation Time and the period between the occurrence of the Automatic Early 
Redemption Event and the end of that period is less than the above mentioned three-hour 
period, then the observation period shall extend to the following Relevant Business Day 
beginning at 8:00 am (CET time) until a full period of three hours has passed since the 
occurrence of the Automatic Early Redemption Event; 
"Financing Rate" means, if applicable, in respect of a calendar day (dayt), the rate calculated as: 
Financing Rate Percentage + Interbank Rate 1 – Interbank Rate 2; 
"Financing Rate Percentage" means, in the case of Call Note, the positive rate and, in the case of Put 
Note, the negative rate, specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that the Calculation Agent may, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner select an alternative rate which must be 
within the Financing Rate Range. In the case of Italian Listed Notes, such alternative rate will be notified 
by the Calculation Agent to Borsa Italiana and published on the website www.mediobanca.com; 
"Financing Rate Range" means the range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Interbank Rate 1" means the offered quotation which appears on the Interbank Rate 1 Screen Page at 
the Interbank Rate 1 Specified Time on dayt as determined by the Calculation Agent. In the event that 
the Interbank Rate 1 Screen Page is not available or no such offered quotation appears, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Interbank Rate 1 as the rate it determines would have prevailed but for such 
non-availability or other event acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Interbank Rate 1 Screen Page" means the source specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Interbank Rate 1 Specified Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such time is specified, the customary time as of which the relevant Interbank Rate 1 is published; 
"Interbank Rate 2" means the offered quotation which appears on the Interbank Rate 2 Screen Page at 
the Interbank Rate 2 Specified Time on dayt as determined by the Calculation Agent. In the event that 
the Interbank Rate 2 Screen Page is not available or no such offered quotation appears, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Interbank Rate 2 as the rate it determines would have prevailed but for such 
non-availability or other event acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Interbank Rate 2 Screen Page" means the source specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Interbank Rate 2 Specified Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such time is specified, the customary time as of which the relevant Interbank Rate 2 is published;

--- Page 427 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
427 
 
 
"Local Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
Local Business Day Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Observation Price" means the "official level", "opening price", "official close", "closing price", 
"purchase price", "sale price", "last price", "bid price", "asked price", "traded price", "official settlement 
price", "daily settlement price" as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of the Underlying Reference 
published by the Observation Price Source as determined by the Calculation Agent at the Observation 
Time(s); 
"Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Observation Time(s)" means the time(s) or period(s) of observation specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Parity" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Business Day" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Exchange 
Business Day (in respect of Notes other than Commodity Linked Notes or Currency Linked Notes), a 
Commodity Business Day (in respect of Commodity Linked Notes) or a Scheduled Trading Day (in 
respect of Currency Linked Notes), as applicable; 
"Reset Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, each calendar day in the 
period from and excluding the Issue Date to and including the Maturity Date; 
"Note Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. Other than in 
the case of Notes which are Italian Listed Notes, the Note Percentage may be adjusted by the Calculation 
Agent on each Reset Date in order to take into account changes in market conditions (including, in 
particular, volatility), provided that the adjusted Note Percentage, (a) unless the Note Percentage is equal 
to zero, falls between the "Minimum Note Percentage" and the "Maximum Note Percentage" specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and (b) does not trigger the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event; 
"Note Threshold" means the amount calculated as follows by the Calculation Agent and rounded 
upwards or downwards in accordance with the Note Threshold Rounding Rule specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Call Notes, an amount equal to the product, rounded in accordance with the Note 
Threshold Rounding Rule specified in the applicable Final Terms, of (i) the Capitalised Exercise 
Price as at the relevant Reset Date and (ii) one, plus the Note Percentage; and

--- Page 428 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
428 
 
 
(b) in the case of Put Notes, an amount equal to the product, rounded in accordance with the Note 
Threshold Rounding Rule, (i) of the Capitalised Exercise Price as at the relevant Reset Date and (ii) 
one, minus the Note Percentage. 
The Note Threshold calculated pursuant to the foregoing shall, subject as provided below, be published 
for information purposes only (subject to technical problems) during normal business hours on any Local 
Business Day during the term of the relevant Notes on the CEP Website(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or such other website as may be notified to the Noteholders. If the Notes are Italian Listed 
Notes the Note Threshold on the Issue Date shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
The Note Threshold, from time to time, calculated by the Calculation Agent shall prevail over the Note 
Threshold published on the CEP Website(s), which is published for information purposes only and may 
subsequently be corrected should the amount published differ from the Note Threshold calculated by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Settlement Currency" means Euro, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference" means the relevant Index, Share, ETI Interest, Commodity, Alternative 
Currency, Debt Instrument or other basis of reference to which the relevant Notes relate, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
(a) 
"Valuation Date" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the relevant Conditions the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Notes 
Final Valuation Date and the provisions of (a)(i), (a)(ii), (a)(iii) or (a)(iv), as applicable, of the 
definition of "Valuation Date" in Base Condition 3 (Definitions) shall apply if any such day is a 
Disrupted Day and, in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, the provisions of the definition of 
"Pricing Date" in the Commodity Linked Note Conditions will apply if such day is a Commodity 
Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if Automatic Early Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, 
in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the relevant Conditions. 
1.3 
Structuring Fee Deduction 
If 'Structuring Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount shall be equal to:  
(I) 
(A) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Final Payout formulas 
above multiplied by (B) the Structuring Fee Multiplier, provided that the Final Redemption 
Amount will never be a negative amount.

--- Page 429 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
429 
 
 
Where: 
"Structuring Fee Multiplier" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(1 −Structuring Fee × t/365)  
"Structuring Fee" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms;  
"t" means the number of calendar days falling in the period from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (and including) the Redemption Valuation Date. 
Or 
(II) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Final Payout formulas 
above but with such Final Payout formulas amended by deduction of the Structuring Fee (“- 
Structuring Fee”), provided that the Final Redemption Amount will never be a negative amount. 
Where: 
“Structuring Fee” means the sum of Daily Structuring Fee calculated on each Scheduled Trading 
Day starting from the Scheduled Trading Day (included) following the Issue Date to the 
Redemption Valuation Date (included) expressed as a percentage; 
"Daily Structuring Fee" is the amount expressed as a percentage calculated on each relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day according to the following formula: 
Daily Structuring Feet = Underlying Reference Valuet × Margin × Day Count Fraction 
"Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 430 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
430 
 
 
2. 
AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION PAYOUTS  
2.1 
Automatic Early Redemption Payouts Formulas 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the following Automatic Early Redemption payouts (each an 
"Automatic Early Redemption Payout") shall apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1  
If Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Call Notes: 
Max (0; (Final Price Early −Capitalised Exercise Price
Parity × Conversion Rate Early
)) ; 
(ii) 
if the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Put Notes: 
                                     Max (0; (Capitalised Exercise Price −Final Price Early
Parity × Conversion Rate Early
)). 
The additional definitions relating to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call 
and Put Notes 1 are contained in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final 
Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Notes, Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call 
and Put Notes 1 and Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes). 
(b) 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 2. 
If Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 2 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 0 (zero). 
(c) 
SFP Automatic Early Redemption Payout  
If SFP Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms:  
Nominal Amount × [ Constant AER Percentage + Premium Percentage × i ]. 
Where "Constant AER Percentage" has the meaning given the applicable Final Terms 
(d) 
MFP Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
If MFP Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout shall be: 
NA × ( AER Redemption Percentage + AER Exit Rate) 
Or

--- Page 431 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
431 
 
 
NA × {[ Max ( AER Redemption Percentage 1  + Gearing × Max ( AER Redemption Percentage 
2 – MFP AER Value; Floor Percentage 1 )); Floor Percentage 2 ] + Premium Percentage × 
DCF} 
"DCF" is (i) the number of calendar days between the MFP Valuation Date indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms (included) and the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date on 
which the Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs (excluded), multiplied by the Day Count 
Fraction or (ii) as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
provided that if specified in the applicable Final Terms the MFP Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout will be subject to a cap of the Maximum MFP Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
and/or a floor of the Minimum MFP Automatic Early Redemption Payout, in each case specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where: 
"AER up Rate" means: 
(a) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min ( Max ( ER Floor Percentage(i), ER Gearing(i) × ( ER Value(i) - ER Strike Percentage(i) ) + ER 
Spread(i) ), ER Cap Percentage(i) ) + ER Constant Percentage(i) 
or 
 Min ( ER Gearing(i) × ( ER Value(i) - ER Strike Percentage(i) ) + ER Spread(i) , ER Cap Percentage(i) ) 
+ ER Constant Percentage(i)  
(b) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max ( ER Floor Percentage(i), ER Gearing(i) × ( ER Value(i) - ER Strike Percentage(i) ) + ER Spread(i) ) 
+ ER Constant Percentage(i),   
or 
ER Gearing(i) × ( ER Value(i) - ER Strike Percentage(i) ) + ER Spread(i) + ER Constant Percentage(i) 
"AER Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date, as 
applicable, immediately preceding the Automatic Early Redemption Date (or if none the Issue Date) 
to (but excluding) the Automatic Early Redemption Date; 
"AER CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the AER Rate and the applicable 
AER Day Count Fraction; 
"AER Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 432 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
432 
 
 
"AER Exit Rate" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES Valuation Period, any 
of AER Rate, AER up Rate or AER CSN Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Rate(s)" is as defined in Base Condition 8.5(c); 
"AER Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"AER Redemption Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"AER Redemption Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"AER Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Reference Rate Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"ER Cap Percentage" means, in respect of a MFP ER Valuation Date or MFP ER Valuation Period, 
the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Constant Percentage" means, in respect of a MFP ER Valuation Date or MFP ER Valuation 
Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Floor Percentage" means, in respect of a MFP ER Valuation Date or MFP ER Valuation Period, 
the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Gearing" means, in respect of a MFP ER Valuation Date or MFP ER Valuation Period, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Spread" means, in respect of a MFP ER Valuation Date or MFP ER Valuation Period, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Strike Percentage" means, in respect of a MFP ER Valuation Date or MFP ER Valuation 
Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Value" means, in respect of a MFP ER Valuation Date or MFP ER Valuation Period, the value 
from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 
(Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 433 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
433 
 
 
"MFP ER Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date, Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or each day, all specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"MFP ER Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Leveraged Notes Automatic Early Redemption Payout  
If Leveraged Notes Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Automatic Early Redemption Payout in relation to each relevant Note shall be: 
Net Proceeds
Number of Notes issued 
If the Automatic Early Redemption Amount is not an amount in the Redemption Currency if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it will be converted into the Redemption Currency at 
the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms  
Unless "Rounding" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not applicable, the Leveraged 
Notes Automatic Early Redemption Payout shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Redemption Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Provided that if specified in the applicable Final Terms the Leveraged Notes Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout will be subject to a cap of the Maximum Leveraged Notes Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout and/or a floor of the Minimum Leveraged Notes Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where: 
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds which the Issuer has actually received from the sale of all 
the shares or quotas held by it in the Underlying Reference, net of any costs, expenses or taxes 
incurred by the Issuer in connection with such sale. 
(f) 
Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
If Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms,  
NA × (Constant TAER Percentage + Final Interes Rate); 
Where "Constant TAER Percentage" has the meaning given the applicable Final Terms 
(g) 
FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
If FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms,

--- Page 434 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
434 
 
 
NA  
(h) 
FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
If FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
NA × (FI CAER Percentage + (Min (Coupon Cap, Final Coupon Rate) × Final Day Count 
Fraction)). 
Where "FI CAER Percentage" has the meaning given the applicable Final Terms. 
2.2 
Structuring Fee Deduction 
If “Structuring Fee Deduction” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount shall be equal to:  
(I) 
(A) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout formulas above multiplied by (B) the Structuring Fee Multiplier. Provided 
that the Automatic Early Redemption Amount will never be a negative amount. 
Where: 
"Structuring Fee Multiplier" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(1 −Structuring Fee × t/365)  
"Structuring Fee" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms;  
"t" means the number of calendar days falling in the period from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (and including) the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
Or 
(II) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout formulas above but with such Automatic Early Redemption Payout formulas 
amended by deduction of the Structuring Fee (“- Structuring Fee”), provided that the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount will never be a negative amount. 
Where: 
“Structuring Fee” means the sum of Daily Structuring Fee calculated on each Scheduled Trading 
Day starting from the Scheduled Trading Day (included) following the Issue Date to the 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date (included) expressed as a percentage;

--- Page 435 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
435 
 
 
"Daily Structuring Fee" is the amount expressed as a percentage calculated on each relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day according to the following formula: 
Daily Structuring Feet = Underlying Reference Valuet × Margin × Day Count Fraction 
"Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 436 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
436 
 
 
3. 
NOTEHOLDER PUT OPTION PAYOUTS 
3.1 
Noteholder Put Option Payouts Formulas  
The following Noteholder Put Option Payouts (each a "Put Payout") shall apply to the Notes if specified 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Put Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes 1  
If Put Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
NV in respect of the relevant Optional Redemption Valuation Date. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate "NV" on each NV Calculation Day in accordance with the 
following formula: 
𝑁𝑉(𝑡−1)  × 𝐴𝐹(𝑡) ×
𝑈𝑅(𝑡) × 𝐹𝑥(𝑡)
𝑈𝑅(𝑡−1) × 𝐹𝑥(𝑡−1)
 
where: 
"ACT(t,t-1)" means, in respect of a NV Calculation Day, the number of calendar days between 
the ACT Day corresponding with such NV Calculation Day and the immediately preceding 
ACT Day; 
"ACT Day" means each NV Calculation Day; 
"AF(t)" means, in respect of a NV Calculation Day: 
[1 + Reference Rate  (t−1) – Management Fee Rate] 
ACT (t,t−1)
360
 × div reinvested factor 
 (𝑡)  ×  𝑅𝑜𝑙𝑙𝑜𝑣𝑒𝑟 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜 (𝑡) 
"NV(0)" means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"NV(t-1)" means, in respect of a NV Calculation Day, NV in respect of the immediately 
preceding NV Calculation Day or if none, NV(0); 
"NV Calculation Day" means each Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day or 
calendar day as specified in the applicable Final Terms from (but excluding) the Issue Date to 
(and including) the last day on which any Note of the series is outstanding; 
"Div Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"div reinvested factor(t)" means: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference is a Share or an Index (where in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent dividends on the constituent share are not reinvested in the Index),

--- Page 437 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
437 
 
 
[1 + 𝐷𝑖𝑣 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒 × 
𝐺𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠 𝑑𝑖𝑣(𝑡)
𝑈𝑅(𝑡−1) ]   ; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, 1; 
"Fx(0)" means Exchange Rate Initial; 
"Fx(t)" means, in respect of a NV Calculation Day, the Exchange Rate on such NV Calculation 
Day; 
"Fx(t-1)" means, in respect of a NV Calculation Day, the Exchange Rate on the immediately 
preceding NV Calculation Day or if none, Exchange Rate Initial; 
"Futures Rollover Adjustment Ratio" means, in respect of a NV Calculation Day, a positive 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (i) the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates 
of unwinding its hedging arrangements in relation to the preceding Current Exchange-traded 
Contract divided by (ii) the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of establishing hedging 
arrangements in relation to the Current Exchange-traded Contract, in each case in respect of the 
relevant Futures Rollover Date, such amount to be allocated pro rata among the Notes of the 
series; 
"Gross div(t)" means (i) if the Underlying Reference is a Share, any ordinary cash dividends 
(before deduction of any taxes or application of withholding at source by or on behalf of any 
applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividends and without any tax 
credit refund or deduction granted by any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect 
of such dividends) ex-dividend at date t and effectively paid or (ii) if the Underlying Reference 
is an Index, any ordinary cash dividends (before deduction of any taxes or application of 
withholding at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having the power to tax in 
respect of such dividends and without any tax credit refund or deduction granted by any 
applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividends) ex-dividend at date t 
on any constituent share in such Index at date t, taking into account the weight of such 
constituent share at date t-1 and effectively paid; 
"Management Fee Rate" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate(t-1)" means, in respect of a NV Calculation Day, (i) if the Notes are Rolling 
Futures Contract Notes, the interest rate specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable 
on the NV Calculation Day immediately preceding such NV Calculation Day or (ii) otherwise, 
0; 
"Rollover Ratio(0)" equals 1;

--- Page 438 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
438 
 
 
"Rollover Ratio(t)" means, in respect of a NV Calculation Day, (i) if the Notes are Rolling 
Futures Contract Notes and such NV Calculation Day is a Futures Rollover Date, the Futures 
Rollover Adjustment Ratio or (ii) otherwise, 1; 
"UR(0)" means the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Strike Date; 
"UR(t)" means, in respect of a NV Calculation Day, the Settlement Price on such NV Calculation 
Day; 
"UR(t-1)" means, in respect of a NV Calculation Day, the Settlement Price on the NV Calculation 
Day immediately preceding such NCalculation Day; 
"Optional Redemption Valuation Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that if the Notes are Index Linked Notes in respect of which "Futures Price 
Valuation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if the Settlement Price is not 
available in respect of a NV Calculation Day (other than as a result of a Non-Commencement 
or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract), the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Settlement Price for such NV Calculation Day acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner by reference to such source(s) as it considers appropriate. 
Description of the Put Payout  
The Put Payout replicates the performance of the Underlying Reference less certain amounts 
(including, but not limited to, fees (including quanto fees and management fees), dividends paid 
(if applicable) and roll fees depending on the Underlying Reference). 
(b) 
Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes  
If Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
if the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Call Notes: 
Max (0; (Final Price −Capitalised Exercise Price
Parity ×  Conversion Rate Early
)) 
(ii) 
if the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Put Notes: 
Max (0; (Capitalised Exercise Price −Final Price
Parity ×  Conversion Rate Early
)) 
The additional definitions relating to the Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes are contained 
in Formulas Condition 1.2 (Additional definitions for Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call 
and Put Notes , Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1 and Put 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes).

--- Page 439 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
439 
 
 
(c) 
Put Payout Leverage Factor Notes  
If Put Payout Leverage Factor Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Put Payout shall be calculated on the same basis as Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor 
Notes, save that references to "Valuation Date" therein and in the related provisions shall be 
deemed to be references to "the relevant Optional Redemption Valuation Date". 
(d) 
MFP Put Payout 
If MFP Put Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Put Payout will be: 
NA × (MFP Put Redemption Percentage+ MFP Put Exit Rate) 
provided that if specified in the applicable Final Terms the MFP Put Payout will be subject to a 
cap of the Maximum MFP Put Payout and/or a floor of the Minimum MFP Put Payout, in each 
case specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where: 
"MFP Put Up Rate" means: 
(i) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Max (MFP Put Floor Percentage, MFP Put Gearing × (MFP Put Value – MFP Put Strike 
Percentage ) + MFP Put Spread Percentage), MFP Put Cap Percentage) + MFP Put Constant 
Percentage 
Or 
Min (MFP Put Gearing × (MFP Put Value - MFP Put Strike Percentage) + MFP Put Spread 
Percentage, MFP Put Cap Percentage ) + MFP Put Constant Percentage 
(ii) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max (MFP Put Floor Percentage, MFP Put Gearing × (MFP Put Value - MFP Put Strike 
Percentage) + MFP Put Spread Percentage) + MFP Put Constant Percentage 
Or 
MFP Put Gearing × (MFP Put Value - MFP Put Strike Percentage) + MFP Put Constant 
Percentage 
"MFP Put Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or if 
none the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put); 
"MFP Put Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 440 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
440 
 
 
"MFP Put Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"MFP Put CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the MFP Put Rate and 
the applicable Day Count Fraction; 
MFP Put Exit Rate" means any of MFP Put Rate, MFP Put up Rate or MFP Put CSN Rate as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"MFP Put Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Put Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Put Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in, the 
applicable Final Terms. If the applicable Final Terms specify that the MFP Put Rate is to be 
determined by reference to a Screen Rate, the MFP Put Rate shall be calculated pursuant to Base 
Condition 8.5(d) (AER Rate Determination), as applicable, save that references therein to "AER" 
shall be deemed to be references to "Put"; 
"MFP Put Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"MFP Put Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Put Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Put Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Put Value" means, in respect of a MFP Put Valuation Date or MFP Put Valuation Period, 
the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP 
Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Put Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date, Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or each day, all specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 441 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
441 
 
 
"MFP Put Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(e) 
MFP Put Normal Performance Payout 
If MFP Put Normal Performance Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Put 
Payout will be: 
NA × [Max [ 0%; MFP Put Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × MFP Put Value]]  
"MFP Put Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Participation Factor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"MFP Put Value" means, in respect of a MFP Put Valuation Date or MFP Put Valuation Period, 
the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP 
Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Put Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date, Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or each day, all specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Put Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(f) 
Leveraged Notes Put Payout  
If the Notes are Fund Linked Notes and Leveraged Notes Put Payout is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Put Payout will be:  
Nominal Amount × Reference Level - Fixed Percentage 
provided that, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in no circumstances the Leveraged 
Notes Put Payout shall exceed the proceeds received by the Issuer from the unwinding of its 
exposure to the Underlying Reference. 
where 
"Reference Level" means: 
Reference Level0 × (1 + Participation Factor × (Fund Levelt - Fund Level0 ) / Fund Level0 - 
(Participation Factor-1) × Feest)

--- Page 442 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
442 
 
 
"Reference Level0" means the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
"Fund Level0" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the 
Fixing Date; 
"Fund Levelt" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date;  
"Optional Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Fund Business Day the next following Fund Business Day;" 
"Fixing Date" means the Calculation Date immediately preceding the First Calculation Date;  
"Calculation Date" means each day which is a Fund Business Day;  
"First Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Feest" means the cumulative leverage fee, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as the aggregate sum of the Fees Accrued during each Fees Accrual Period;  
"Fees Accrued" means, in respect of a Fee Accrual Period, the fees accrued during such period, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(Fee ISDA Rate + Fee Margin) × Day Count Fraction 
"Fee ISDA Rate" means the floating rate determined according to the ISDA Determination 
under Base Condition 7(d)(i) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Margin" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Accrual Period(s)" means the periods commencing on (and including) the Fee Accrual 
Commencing Date up to (but excluding) the first Fee Accrual Date and each subsequent period 
commencing on (and including) a Fee Accrual Date up to (but excluding) the next following 
Fee Accrual Date, provided that the last Fee Accrual Period shall be deemed to end (but exclude) 
on the number of Calculation Dates indicated in the applicable Final Terms following the day 
on which the Issuer has received the Put Option Exercise Notice; 
"Fee Accrual Commencing Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Accrual Date(s)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participation Factor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 443 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
443 
 
 
3.2 
Structuring Fee Deduction 
If “Structuring Fee Deduction” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) shall be equal to:  
(I) 
(A) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Put Payout formulas 
above multiplied by (B) the Structuring Fee Multiplier. Provided that the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) will never be a negative amount. 
Where: 
"Structuring Fee Multiplier" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(1 −Structuring Fee × t/365)  
"Structuring Fee" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms;  
"t" means the number of calendar days falling in the period from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (and including) the relevant Optional Redemption Valuation Date. 
Or 
(II) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Put Payout formulas above 
but with such Put Payout formulas amended by deduction of the Structuring Fee (“- Structuring 
Fee”), provided that the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) will never be a negative amount. 
Where: 
“Structuring Fee” means the sum of Daily Structuring Fee calculated on each Scheduled Trading 
Day starting from the Scheduled Trading Day (included) following the Issue Date to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date (included) expressed as a percentage;  
"Daily Structuring Fee" is the amount expressed as a percentage calculated on each relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day according to the following formula: 
Daily Structuring Feet = Underlying Reference Valuet × Margin × Day Count Fraction 
"Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 444 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
444 
 
 
4. 
ISSUER CALL OPTION PAYOUTS 
4.1 
Issuer Call Option Payouts Formulas 
The following Issuer Call Option Payout (a "Call Payout") shall apply to the Notes if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, if a Call Option Condition is indicated as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to the occurrence of a Call Option Event: 
(a) 
Call Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes 1  
If Call Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Call Payout shall be calculated on the same basis as Put Payout Forex 
DivReinvested Fees Notes 1, save that references to Put Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees 
Notes 1 shall be deemed to be references to Call Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes 1. 
(b) 
Call Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes  
If Call Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Call Payout shall be calculated on the same basis as Put Payout Capitalised Call and 
Put Notes, save that references to Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes shall be deemed to 
be references to Call Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes. 
(c) 
Call Payout Leverage Factor Notes  
If Call Payout Leverage Factor Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Call Payout shall be calculated on the same basis as Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor 
Notes, save that references to "Valuation Date" therein and in the related provisions shall be 
deemed to be references to "the relevant Optional Redemption Valuation Date" or "the relevant 
Optional Condition Redemption Valuation Date (Call) as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms"  
(d) 
MFP Call Payout  
If MFP Call Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Call Payout will be: 
NA × (MFP Call Redemption Percentage + MFP Call Exit Rate), 
provided that if specified in the applicable Final Terms the MFP Call Payout will be subject to 
a cap of the Maximum MFP Call Payout and/or a floor of the Minimum MFP Call Payout, in 
each case specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where: 
"Maximum MFP Call Payout" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 445 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
445 
 
 
"MFP Call Up Rate" means: 
(i) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Max (MFP Call Floor Percentage, MFP Call Gearing × (MFP Call Value – MFP Call 
Strike Percentage) + MFP Call Spread Percentage ), MFP Call Cap Percentage ) + MFP Call 
Constant Percentage; 
or 
Min (MFP Call Gearing × (MFP Call Value – MFP Call Strike Percentage) + MFP Call Spread 
Percentage, MFP Call Cap Percentage) + MFP Call Constant Percentage 
(ii) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max (MFP Call Floor Percentage, MFP Call Gearing × (MFP Call Value – MFP Call Strike 
Percentage) + MFP Call Spread Percentage) + MFP Call Constant Percentage;  
or 
MFP Call Gearing × (MFP Call Value – MFP Call Strike Percentage) + MFP Call Constant 
Percentage 
"MFP Call Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Optional Redemption Date (Call) or Optional 
Condition Redemption Date (Call) (or if none the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) or Optional Condition Redemption Date (Call), as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"MFP Call CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the MFP Call Rate and 
the applicable Day Count Fraction; 
"MFP Call Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Call Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"MFP Call Exit Rate" means any of MFP Call Rate, MFP Call up Rate or MFP Call CSN Rate 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"MFP Call Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Call Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Call Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in, the 
applicable Final Terms. If the applicable Final Terms specify that the MFP Call Rate is to be

--- Page 446 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
446 
 
 
determined by reference to a Screen Rate, the MFP Call Rate shall be calculated pursuant to 
Base Condition 8.5(d) (AER Rate Determination), as applicable, save that references therein to 
"AER" shall be deemed to be references to "Call"; 
"MFP Call Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"MFP Call Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Call Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Call Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Call Value" means, in respect of a MFP Call Valuation Date or MFP Call Valuation 
Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for 
MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP 
Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts 
and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts 
and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Call Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, 
Underlying Interest Determination Date, Settlement Price Date and/or each day, all specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms;   
"MFP Call Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Minimum MFP Call Payout" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(e) 
Leveraged Notes Call Payout  
If the Notes are Fund Linked Notes and Leveraged Notes Call Payout is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, in case Call Option Condition is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, if the Call Option Condition(s) has occurred, the Call Payout will 
be:  
Nominal Amount × Reference Level - Fixed Percentage 
provided that, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in no circumstances the Leveraged

--- Page 447 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
447 
 
 
Notes Call Payout shall exceed the proceeds received by the Issuer from the unwinding of its 
exposure to the Underlying Reference. 
where 
"Reference Level" means: 
Reference Level0 × (1 + Participation Factor × (Fund Levelt - Fund Level0 ) / Fund Level0 - 
(Participation Factor-1) × Feest)  
"Optional Condition Redemption Valuation Date (Call) " means each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Fund Business Day the next following 
Fund Business Day;"  
"Optional Redemption Valuation Date"means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Fund Business Day the next following Fund Business Day; 
"Calculation Date" means each day which is a Fund Business Day; 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Feest" means the cumulative leverage fee, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as the aggregate sum of the Fees Accrued during each Fees Accrual Period;  
"Fees Accrued" means, in respect of a Fee Accrual Period, the fees accrued during such period, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(Fee ISDA Rate + Fee Margin) × Day Count Fraction 
"Fee ISDA Rate" means the floating rate determined according to the ISDA Determination 
under Base Condition 7(d)(i) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Fee Margin" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Accrual Period(s)" means the periods commencing on (and including) the Fee Accrual 
Commencing Date up to (but excluding) the first Fee Accrual Date and each subsequent period 
commencing on (and including) a Fee Accrual Date up to (but excluding) the next following 
Fee Accrual Date, provided that the last Fee Accrual Period shall be deemed to end (but 
excluding) on the number of Calculation Dates indicated in the applicable Final Terms, 
preceding the Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call) or Optional Condition Redemption Date 
(Call) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Accrual Commencing Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 448 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
448 
 
 
"Fee Accrual Date(s)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixing Date" means the Calculation Date immediately preceding the First Calculation Date;  
"Fund Level0" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the 
Fixing Date; 
"Fund Levelt" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date or the Optional Condition Redemption Valuation Date 
(Call) as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participation Factor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Level0" means the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the Final Terms. 
4.2 
Structuring Fee Deduction 
If 'Structuring Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the relevant Final Terms, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) or the Optional Condition Redemption Amount (Call) shall be equal to:  
(I) 
(A) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Call Payout formulas 
above multiplied by (B) the Structuring Fee Multiplier. Provided that the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) and the Optional Condition Cash Settlement Amount (Call) will never be a 
negative amount. 
Where: 
"Structuring Fee Multiplier" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(1 −Structuring Fee × t/365)  
"Structuring Fee" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms;  
"t" means the number of calendar days falling in the period from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (and including) the relevant Optional Redemption Valuation Date or the relevant Optional 
Condition Redemption Valuation Date (Call). 
Or 
(II) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Call Payout formulas 
above but with such Call Payout formulas amended by deduction of the Structuring Fee (“- 
Structuring Fee”), provided that the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) and the Optional 
Condition Redemption Amount (Call) will never be a negative amount. 
Where:

--- Page 449 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
449 
 
 
“Structuring Fee” means the sum of Daily Structuring Fee calculated on each Scheduled Trading 
Day starting from the Scheduled Trading Day (included) following the Issue Date to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date (included) or the relevant Optional Condition Redemption 
Valuation Date (Call) (included) expressed as a percentage;  
"Daily Structuring Fee" is the amount expressed as a percentage calculated on each relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day according to the following formula: 
Daily Structuring Feet = Underlying Reference Valuet × Margin × Day Count Fraction 
"Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 450 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
450 
 
 
5. 
INTEREST RATES 
5.1 
Interest Rates Formulas  
The following Interest Rate will apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
MFP Fixed Coupon 
If MFP Fixed Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Rate(i).  
Description of the Interest Rate 
A MFP Fixed Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount at a specified rate for the 
relevant period. 
(b) 
MFP Floating Coupon  
If MFP Floating Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Rate(i). 
Description of the Interest Rate 
A MFP Floating Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount at a specified floating or 
variable rate for the relevant period. 
(c) 
MFP Mixed Coupon 
If MFP Mixed Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Spread(i) + Rate(i) . 
Description of the Interest Rate 
A MFP Mixed Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount at a specified floating or 
variable rate and spread for the relevant period. 
(d) 
MFP Digital Coupon 
If MFP Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon Valuation Date(i) 
or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Rate 1(i); or  
(ii) 
if the Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Rate 2(i);

--- Page 451 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
451 
 
 
Description of the Interest Rate 
A MFP Digital Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount at a specified rate for the 
relevant period if a specified condition is met. If the condition is not met then the Notes will pay 
a different interest amount for that period. 
(e) 
MFP Additional Digital Coupon 
If MFP Additional Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Additional Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Additional Coupon 1(i); or  
(ii) 
if the Additional Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Additional Coupon 2(i);  
Description of the Interest Rate 
A MFP Additional Digital Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount at a specified 
Additional Coupon for the relevant period if a specified condition is met. If the condition is not 
met then the Notes will pay a different Additional Coupon for that period. Additional Coupon 1 
and Additional Coupon 2 could be any of the Interest Rates. 
(f) 
MFP Double Digital Coupon 
If MFP Double Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
If the Double Digital Coupon Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Additional Coupon 1(i); or  
(ii) 
if the Double Digital Coupon Condition 1 is not satisfied and the Double Digital 
Coupon Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon Valuation Date(i) or MFP 
Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Additional Coupon 2(i);  
(iii) 
if the Double Digital Coupon Condition 1 is not satisfied and the Double Digital 
Coupon Condition 2 is not satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon Valuation Date(i) or 
MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Additional Coupon 3(i);  
Description of the Interest Rate

--- Page 452 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
452 
 
 
A MFP Double Digital Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount at a specified 
Additional Coupon for the relevant period if a specified condition is met. If the condition is not 
met then the Notes will pay a different Additional Coupon for that period. Additional Coupon 1 
and Additional Coupon 2 and Additional Coupon 3 could be any of the Interest Rates. 
(g) 
MFP Corridor Digital Coupon 
If MFP Corridor Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
If the Corridor Digital Coupon Condition 1 and Corridor Digital Coupon Condition 2 
is satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation 
Period(i), as applicable: 
Rate 1(i); or  
(ii) 
if the Corridor Digital Coupon Condition 1 or Corridor Digital Coupon Condition 2 is 
not satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation 
Period(i), as applicable: 
Rate 2(i)  
where: 
"Corridor Digital Coupon Condition 1" means that the DC Barrier Value for the 
relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater 
than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level; or (e) "within" the Barrier Range 
Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (f) "outside" the 
Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
"Corridor Digital Coupon Condition 2" means that the DC Barrier Value for the 
relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater 
than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level; or (e) "within" the Barrier Range 
Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (f) "outside" the 
Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Interest Rate 
A MFP Corridor Digital Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount at a specified rate 
for the relevant period if two specified conditions are met. If any of the conditions is not met, 
then the Notes will pay different interest amount for that period. 
(h) 
MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon 
If MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms:

--- Page 453 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
453 
 
 
(i) 
if the MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of MFP 
Coupon Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Rate 1(i) + SumRate(i) 
Where "Sum Rate(i)" means: 
(a) 
the sum of Rate 1(i) for each MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period, as applicable, in the period from (but excluding) the last 
occurring MFP Memory Snowball Date (or if none the Issue Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period; or 
(b) 
the sum of Rate 1(i) for the last N MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP 
Coupon Valuation Period, as applicable, in the period from (but excluding) 
the last occurring MFP Memory Snowball Date (or if none the Issue Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period; or 
(c) 
the sum of Rate 1(i) for each MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period, as applicable, in the period from (but excluding) the last 
occurring MFP Memory Snowball Date (or if none the Issue Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period less the sum of Rate 2(i) for each MFP Coupon Valuation 
Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period, as applicable, in the period from (but 
excluding) the last occurring MFP Memory Snowball Date (or if none the 
Issue Date) to (but excluding) the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or 
MFP Coupon Valuation Period; or 
(d) 
the sum of Rate 1(i) for last N MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period, as applicable, in the period from (but excluding) the last 
occurring MFP Memory Snowball Date (or if none the Issue Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period less the sum of Rate 2(i) for the last N MFP Coupon Valuation 
Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period, as applicable, in the period from (but 
excluding) the last occurring MFP Memory Snowball Date (or if none the 
Issue Date) to (but excluding) the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or 
MFP Coupon Valuation Period, 
or 
(ii) 
if the MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of 
MFP Coupon Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable:

--- Page 454 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
454 
 
 
Rate 2(i) 
Description of the Interest Rate 
A MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount on the 
basis of a Digital Coupon Condition but with a memory effect. Any or some interest amount not 
paid in respect of a period may be paid at a later date if certain conditions are met. This interest 
may exclude any payments made when the Digital Coupon Condition is not met. 
(i) 
MFP Range Accrual Coupon 
If MFP Range Accrual Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Rate 1(i) × (n/N) + Rate 2(i) × (1 - n/N)  
where: 
"n" is the number of MFP Range Accrual Days in the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i) 
on which the MFP Range Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
"N" is the number of MFP Range Accrual Days in the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i). 
Description of the Interest Rate 
A MFP Range Accrual Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount on the basis of a 
rate calculated by reference to the number of days on which a specified condition is satisfied in 
the relevant period a different interest is paid when a specified condition is not satisfied. 
(j) 
MFP – Digital Mixed Coupon 
If MFP Digital Mixed Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
If the MFP Digital Mixed Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Mixed Coupon Constant 1(i) + Mixed Coupon Gearing 1(i) × Additional Coupon 1(i); or 
(ii) 
if the MFP Digital Mixed Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Mixed Coupon Constant 2 (i) + Mixed Coupon Gearing 2(i) × Additional Coupon 2(i) 
where: 
"Mixed Coupon Constant 1(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Coupon Constant 2(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 455 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
455 
 
 
"Mixed Coupon Gearing 1(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Coupon Gearing 2(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Interest Rate  
A MFP Digital Mixed Coupon provides that the Notes pay an interest amount linked to an 
Additional Coupon 1 (subject to gearing) for the relevant period if a specified condition is met. 
If the condition is not met then the Notes will pay a different interest amount linked to an 
Additional Coupon 2 (subject to gearing) for that period. Additional Coupon 1 and Additional 
Coupon 2 could be any of the Interest Rates. 
(k) 
MFP – Double Digital Mixed Coupon 
If MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
If the MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of MFP 
Coupon Valuation Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Mixed Coupon Constant 1(i) + Mixed Coupon Gearing 1(i) × Additional Coupon 1(i); or 
(ii) 
if the MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 1 is not satisfied and MFP Double 
Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) or MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Mixed Coupon Constant 2 (i) + Mixed Coupon Gearing 2(i) × Additional Coupon 2(i) 
(iii) 
if the MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 1 and MFP Double Digital Mixed 
Coupon Condition 2 is not satisfied in respect of MFP Coupon Valuation Date(i) or 
MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Mixed Coupon Constant 3 (i) + Mixed Coupon Gearing 3(i) × Additional Coupon 3(i) 
where: 
"Mixed Coupon Constant 1(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Coupon Constant 2(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Coupon Constant 3(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Coupon Gearing 1(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Coupon Gearing 2(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Coupon Gearing 3(i)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
Description of the Interest Rate

--- Page 456 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
456 
 
 
A MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon provides that the Notes pay an interest amount linked to 
an Additional Coupon 1 (subject to gearing) for the relevant period if a specified condition is 
met. If the condition is not met then the Notes will pay a different interest amount linked to an 
Additional Coupon 2 or Additional Coupon 3 (subject to gearing) for that period. Additional 
Coupon 1, Additional Coupon 2 and Additional Coupon 3 could be any of the Interest Rates. 
(l) 
MFP Ratchet Coupon 
If MFP Ratchet Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Local Cap Percentage is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max [ Sum ( q = 1, 2, …, Q(i) ) Max ( Coupon Value(q) - Strike Percentage(i) , Local 
Floor Percentage(i) ) , Global Floor Percentage(i) ] 
(ii) 
if Local Cap Percentage is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max [ Sum ( q = 1, 2, …, Q(i) ) Max ( Min ( Coupon Value(q) - Strike Percentage(i) , 
Local Cap Percentage(i) ), Local Floor Percentage(i) ) , Global Floor Percentage(i) ] 
Description of the Interest Rate  
A MFP Ratchet Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount in respect of the relevant 
period on the basis of a rate calculated by reference to the sum of two or more rates, in each 
case subject to a floor and if applicable a cap. 
(m) 
MFP Best Entry Coupon 
If MFP Best Entry Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Rate 1 x Average Cash Exposure Day Count Fraction 
Where: 
“Rate 1” means the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Average Cash Exposure Day Count Fraction" means the arithmetic mean of the Daily Cash 
Exposure(s) for all the Daily Valuation Dates falling within the relevant Digital Coupon 
Calculation Period(i); 
"Digital Coupon Calculation Period(i)" means the period(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
"Daily Cash Exposure(s)" means, for each Daily Valuation Date from (but excluding) the 
Strike Date, or the last Strike Day of the Strike Period or the different date indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, to (and including) the Redemption Valuation Date, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the value calculated according to the formula below: 
1- ∑𝑁
𝑛
Weight(n) x Lock-In Accrual(n)

--- Page 457 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
457 
 
 
"n" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"N" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Weight(n)” is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Lock-In Accrual(n)" is equal to 0 or to 1 depending on the following: 
• 
if Lock-in Event(n) has occurred, Lock-in Accrual(n) is equal to 1 for all the following 
Daily Valuation Dates, excluding, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant date on which the Lock-in Event(n) has occurred;  
• 
otherwise, it is equal to 0; 
“Lock-in Event(n)” is deemed to have occurred if on any Lock-in Event Date, for the first time, 
the Closing Level of the Underlying Reference is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or 
greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Lock-in 
Barrier(n); 
“Lock-in Event Date” means the Daily Valuation Date(s), or the Weekly Valuation Date(s), or 
the different date(s) indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms, all as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
“Daily Valuation Date(s)” means each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
from (but excluding) the Strike Date, or the last Strike Day of the Strike Period or the different 
date indicated in the applicable Final Terms, to (and including) the Redemption Valuation Date, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Weekly Valuation Date(s)” means each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
from (but excluding) the Strike Date, or the last Strike Day of the Strike Period or the different 
date indicated in the applicable Final Terms, to (and including) the Redemption Valuation Date 
which occurs on a weekday specified in the relevant Final Terms, all as specified in he 
applicable Final Terms. If such weekday is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day, 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day; 
“Lock-in Barrier(n)” means the value(s) indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Interest Rate  
MFP Best Entry Coupon is paid periodically according to the numbers of days the product has 
a cash exposure and to the average amount of cash outstanding over the period. 
(n) 
Weighted Mixed Coupon 
If Weighted Mixed Coupon is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 458 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
458 
 
 
Sum ( a = 1, 2, …, A ) CW(a) (i) × Prod ( b = 1, 2, …, B ) Additional Coupon(a,b) (i) 
where: 
"CW" is the relevant Coupon Weighting;  
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"a" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"B" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
"b" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Interest Rate  
A Weighted Mixed Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount in respect of the relevant 
period on the basis of a rate calculated as the weighted sum of two or more Interest Rates 
provided in the Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(o) 
Max Mixed Coupon  
If Max Mixed Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max ( a = 1, 2, …, A ) [ Additional Coupon(i) ](a) 
Or 
Min (a = 1, 2, …, A) [ Max ( a = 1, 2, …, A ) Additional Coupon(i,a) ; Local Cap Percentage(i,a) ]  
where: 
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
"a" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap Percentage" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
Description of the Interest Rate  
A Max Mixed Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount in respect of the relevant 
period on the basis of a rate calculated as the maximum of two or more Interest Rate provided 
in the Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(p) 
Single FX Vanilla Coupon 
If Single FX Vanilla Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Global Cap A, Max (Global Floor A, Gearing A ×FX Coupon Performance)) 
Description of the Interest Rate

--- Page 459 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
459 
 
 
A Single FX Vanilla Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount on the basis of the FX 
Coupon Performance, subject to a gearing, a cap and a floor. 
(q) 
Single FI Digital Coupon   
If Single FI Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Min (Global Cap A, Max (Global Floor A, ( Gearing A(i) × FI Rate A(i)
n
i=1
) + Constant A)) ; or 
(ii) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Min (Global Cap B, Max (Global Floor B, ( Gearing B(i) × FI Rate B(i)
n
i=1
) + Constant B)) 
Description of the Interest Rate  
A Single FI Digital Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount linked to an FI Rate A 
for the relevant period if a specified condition is met. If the condition is not met, then the Notes 
will pay a different interest amount linked to a FI Rate B for that period. In each case the interest 
is subject to a floor and a cap. 
(r) 
Single FX Digital Coupon  
If Single FX Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
; or 
(ii) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
 
Description of the Interest Rate  
A Single FX Digital Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount linked to the FX 
Coupon Percentage for the relevant period if a specified condition is met, subject to a floor, a 
cap and a gearing. If the condition is not met, then the Notes will pay a different interest amount 
(
)
(
)
e
Performanc
Coupon 
 
FX
A x 
 
Gearing
 
A,
Floor 
 
Global
Max
 
A,
 
Cap
Global
Min 
(
)
(
)
e
Performanc
Coupon 
 
FX
 x 
B
 
Gearing
 
B,
Floor 
 
Global
Max
 
B,
 
Cap
Global
Min

--- Page 460 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
460 
 
 
linked to the FX Coupon Percentage for that period, subject to a floor, a cap and a gearing 
which may be different from the above. 
(s) 
Range Accrual Coupon 
If Range Accrual Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛{𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝, 𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝, 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, 𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛
+  Gearing(i)  × FI Rate(i)
n
i=l
)] × n N
⁄ )} 
where: 
"n" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the Range 
Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
"N" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period. 
If Deemed Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FI DC 
Barrier Value for each Range Accrual Day in the period from (and including) the Range Cut-
off Date to (and including) the Range Period End Date will be deemed to be the FI DC Barrier 
Value on the Range Cut-off Date. 
Description of the Interest Rate  
A Range Accrual Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount on the basis of the sum 
of two or more rates calculated by reference to the number of days on which a specified 
condition is satisfied in the relevant period. The interest is subject to a cap, a floor and a 
gearing. 
(t) 
Single FX Range Accrual Coupon  
If Single FX Range Accrual Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
where: 
"n" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the Range 
Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
"N" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period. 
If Deemed Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FI DC 
Barrier Value or FX Coupon Performance, as applicable, for each Range Accrual Day in the 
Min (GlobalCap, Max (Global Floor,FI Rate x n/N))

--- Page 461 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
461 
 
 
period from (and including) the Range Cut-off Date to (and including) the Range Period End 
Date will be deemed to be the FI DC Barrier Value or FX Coupon Performance, as applicable, 
on the Range Cut-off Date. 
Description of the Interest Rate  
A Single FX Range Accrual Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount on the basis 
of a rate calculated by reference to the number of days on which a specified condition is satisfied 
in the relevant period. The interest is subject to a cap and a floor. 
(u) 
Single FX Memory Coupon  
If Single FX Memory Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
FI Rate A – Paid FX Memory Coupons; or 
(ii) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
FI Rate B 
where: 
"Current FX Memory Coupon Interest Period" means, in respect of a FI Interest 
Valuation Date, the Interest Period ending on or immediately prior to such FI Interest 
Valuation Date. 
"Paid FX Memory Coupons" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date, the 
sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product of (i) the Interest 
Rate and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case calculated for each Interest Period 
preceding the Current FX Memory Coupon Interest Period. 
Description of the Interest Rate  
A Single FX Memory Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount on the basis of a FI 
Digital Coupon Condition but with a memory effect. This interest excludes any payments made 
when the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not met. 
(v) 
Multiple Combination Floater Coupon  
If Multiple Combination Floater is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 462 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
462 
 
 
𝑀𝑖𝑛{𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝, 𝑀𝑎𝑥 (𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, 𝑀𝑖𝑛 (𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝, 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, 𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛
+  
𝐺𝑒𝑎𝑟𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑖× 𝐹𝐼 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
)))} 
Description of the Interest Rate  
A Multiple Combination Floater Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount on the 
basis of a fixed margin and the sum of two or more rates (subject to gearing). The interest is 
subject to a cap and a floor. 
(w) 
PRDC Coupon 
If PRDC Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 × PRDC Performance) - Coupon Percentage 
2)); 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 × PRDC Performance) - Coupon Percentage 
2)); 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred: 
 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 × PRDC Performance) - Coupon Percentage 
2)); 
(B) 
if (a) a Knock-in Event and a Knock-out Event have occurred or (b) a Knock-
out Event has occurred, 0 (zero); 
where: 
"PRDC Performance" means the quotient of the Final Settlement Price (as numerator) and the 
Initial Settlement Price (as denominator).  
Description of the Interest Rate  
A PRDC Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount equal to:

--- Page 463 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
463 
 
 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, zero;  
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred, an indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) subject to a minimum and a maximum; or 
• 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms an indexation 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) subject to a minimum and a maximum; or 
• 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
- 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred, an 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) subject to a minimum and a 
maximum; 
- 
if (a) a Knock-in Event and a Knock-out Event have occurred or (b) a Knock-out 
Event has occurred, zero. 
(x) 
 Single FI Digital Floor Coupon  
If Single FI Digital Floor Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero);  
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or

--- Page 464 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
464 
 
 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2; or 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and 
the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
Description of the Interest Rate  
A Single FI Digital Floor Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount equal to: 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, zero;  
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied, the 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied, 
the Digital Floor Percentage 2;  
• 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable: 
- 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied, the Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
- 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied, the Digital Floor Percentage 2; or 
• 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, zero;  
- 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and the 
FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied, the Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
- 
in all the other cases, the Digital Floor Percentage 2.

--- Page 465 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
465 
 
 
(y) 
Single FI Digital Cap Coupon  
If Single FI Digital Cap Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero);  
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied 
in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and 
the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2. 
Description of the Interest Rate  
A Single FI Digital Cap Coupon provides that the Notes pay interest amount equal to: 
• 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, zero;

--- Page 466 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
466 
 
 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied, the 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied, 
the Digital Cap Percentage 2;  
• 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable: 
- 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied, the Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
- 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied, the Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
• 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, zero;  
- 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and the 
FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied, the Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
- 
in all the other cases, the Digital Cap Percentage 2. 
(z) 
Single FI Target Coupon  
If Automatic Early Redemption and Single FI Target Coupon are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and an Automatic Early Redemption Event has not occurred, the Interest 
Rate, as applicable in respect of the Target Final Interest Period shall be the Final Interest Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Interest Rate  
A Single FI Target Coupon provides an interest equal to a Final Interest Rate in case of an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event not occurring. 
(aa) 
Duration Adjusted Coupon 
If Duration Adjusted Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Constant Percentage + Max(0 , Rate(i) + Spread(i)) × 1 − (1 + Rate(i))
−N
Rate(i)
N
⁄  
Description of the Interest Rate  
A Duration Adjusted Coupon provides an interest equal to a constant percentage plus a rate 
and spread (the sum of which cannot be negative) both adjusted for the duration. 
(bb) 
FX Wedding Cake Interest  
If FX Wedding Cake Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 467 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
467 
 
 
(i) 
If, at all times on each Interest Observation Date during the relevant Interest Period, 
the Settlement Price remains within Interest Range 1: 
Nominal Amount × Rate_1 × Day Count Fraction (if Day Count Fraction is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms) 
(ii) 
If Interest Range 2 is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and at all times 
on each Interest Observation Date during the relevant Interest Period, the Settlement 
Price has, at least once, moved outside Interest Range 1 but has remained within 
Interest Range 2:  
Nominal Amount × Rate_2 × Day Count Fraction (if Day Count Fraction is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms) 
(iii) 
If Interest Range nth is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and at all 
times on each Interest Observation Date during the relevant Interest Period, the 
Settlement Price has, at least once, moved outside Interest Range 1, Interest Range 2 
and any other wider Interest range (other than Interest Range nth) specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms but has remained within Interest Range nth: 
Nominal Amount × Rate_n × Day Count Fraction (if Day Count Fraction is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms) 
(iv) 
If none of the previous conditions has been met, the Interest Amount shall be equal to 
zero. 
Where: 
"Interest Range 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Interest Range 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Interest Range nth" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate_1" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate_2" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate_n" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked 
Notes, Share Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes, a Commodity 
Business Day (in respect of Commodity Linked Notes), a Fund Business Day (in the 
case of Fund Linked Notes) or Business Day (in the case of other Notes), as applicable, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Fund Business

--- Page 468 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
468 
 
 
Day or Business Day, as applicable, unless, in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share 
Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of 
Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes, a 
Market Disruption Event is occurring on such day (in respect of Commodity Linked 
Notes). If any such day is a Disrupted Day, a day on which a Market Disruption Event 
is occurring, as applicable, then the corresponding provisions in the definition of 
"Valuation Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Valuation Date" were to "Interest Observation Date" or (in the case of Commodity 
Linked Notes) if any such day is a day on which a Market Disruption Event is 
occurring, then the provisions of "Pricing Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provision to "Pricing Date" were to "Interest Observation Date". For 
the purposes of the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, any references to "Valuation 
Date" shall be deemed to refer to the "Interest Observation Date ". 
Description of the Interest Rate  
A FX Wedding Cake Interest provides that the Notes pay interest amount equal to fixed 
percentages which vary in accordance with the fluctuation of the Underlying Reference Level. 
In particular, on each Interest Observation Date during the Interest Period, the Underlying 
Reference Level may remain in or move outside of certain ranges (Interest Range 1, Interest 
Range 2 and any other wider range (Remuenration Range nth)), thus determining the applicable 
fixed percentage (respectively, Rate_1, Rate_2, Rate_n). If the Underlying Reference Level has 
at least once moved outside all the applicable ranges (therefore not satisfying any applicable 
condition) the Interest Amount will be equal to the zero. 
(cc) 
Underlying Linked Interest 
If Underlying Linked Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max ( Gearing 1 × (Interest Rate Settlement Value(i) - Strike Percentage); Floor Percentage ); or 
Min (Cap Percentage; Max ( Gearing 1 × (Interest Rate Settlement Value(i) - Strike Percentage); 
Floor Percentage ) 
Where: 
"i" means the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date; 
Description of the Interest Rate  
An Underlying Linked Interest provides that the Notes pay an interest amount linked to the 
relevant Interest Rate Settlement Value for the relevant period, multiplied by a gearing factor, 
subject to a minimum and a maximum. 
(dd) 
Differential Linked Interest 
If Differential Linked Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 469 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
469 
 
 
Max (Gearing 1 × (Difference(i)), Floor Percentage); 
Or 
Min [Max ( Gearing 1 × (Difference(i)), Floor Percentage ); Cap Percentage] 
Where: 
"i" means the relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date or the relevant MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Difference(i)" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying Interest Determination Date, the percentage determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Interest Rate 1 - Underlying Interest Rate 2; or 
(ii) in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date, the percentage determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Underlying Reference Value 1 - Underlying Reference Value 2 
"Underlying Interest Rate 1" means in respect of an Underlying Interest Determination Date, 
the Underlying Reference Rate indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms and determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Interest Rate 2" means in respect of an Underlying Interest Determination Date, 
the Underlying Reference Rate indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms and determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Value 1" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date, the 
Underlying Reference Value of the Underlying Reference 1 determined in the manner specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Value 2" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date, the 
Underlying Reference Value of the Underlying Reference 2 determined in the manner specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Underlying Reference 1" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference 2" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Description of the Interest Rate 
A Differential Linked Interest provides that the Notes pay an interest amount linked to the 
difference of two Underlying Reference Rates or two Underlying Reference Values for the 
relevant period, multiplied by a gearing factor, subject to a minimum and a maximum.

--- Page 470 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
470 
 
 
6. 
MFP ENTITLEMENT AMOUNTS  
6.1 
Entitlement Amount Formulas  
The following Entitlement Amounts (each an "Entitlement Amount") will apply to the Notes if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject as provided in Formulas Condition 6.1(d) below: 
(a) 
Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying 
If Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
NA × Redemption Payout / (Worst Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value(i)×FX(i)) 
where: 
"Worst Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)" is the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value(i) on the relevant MFP Valuation Date in respect of the 
Underlying Reference with the Worst Value on such date; and 
"FX(i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant MFP Valuation Date or 
if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
(b) 
Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying 
If Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
NA × Redemption Payout / (Best Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i) × 
FX(i)) 
where: 
"Best-Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)" is the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value(i) on the relevant MFP Valuation Date in respect of the Underlying 
Reference with the Best Value on such date; and 
"FX(i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant MFP Valuation Date or 
if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
(c) 
Delivery of the Underlying 
If Delivery of the Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
NA × Redemption Amount Payout / (Underlying Reference Closing Price Value ×FX(i)) 
where: 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value" is the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value on the relevant MFP Valuation Date; and

--- Page 471 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
471 
 
 
"FX(i)" is the Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant MFP Valuation Date or if that is 
not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
(d) 
Rounding and Residual Amount 
The Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the nearest unit of each Relevant Asset 
capable of being delivered and in lieu thereof the Issuer will pay an amount equal to: 
NA × Redemption Amount Payout 
− 
Number (k, i)* FX(k,i)
K
k=1
* Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(k,i) 
"Number(k,i)" is equal to the Entitlement Amount for the relevant Underlying Reference(k) and 
MFP Valuation Date(i); 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(k,i)" is the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value(i) on the relevant MFP Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference(k); 
and 
"FX(k,i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant MFP Valuation Date or 
if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
7. 
GENERAL FORMULAS DEFINITIONS 
"AC Barrier Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation 
Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP 
Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Coupon" means each Interest Rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Coupon(i)" means each Interest Rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Coupon 1" means each Interest Rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Coupon 1(i)" means each Interest Rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Coupon 2" means each Interest Rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Coupon 2(i)" means each Interest Rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Coupon 3(i)" means each Interest Rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Digital Coupon Condition" means that the DC Barrier Value for the relevant MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater

--- Page 472 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
472 
 
 
than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level or (e) 
"within" the Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (f) "outside" 
the Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Final Payout" means each Final Payout specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
before being multiplied by the applicable Nominal Amount for the relevant Weighted Mixed Payouts 
Notes or Max Mixed Payouts Notes and if Payout FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, converted into the Payout Currency at the Payout FX Value, in each case 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Final Payout 1" means each Final Payout specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
before being multiplied by the applicable Nominal Amount for the relevant Knock-In Mixed Payouts 
Notes and for the relevant Knock-out Mixed Payouts Notes if Payout FX Conversion is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, converted into the Payout Currency at the Payout FX Value, in 
each case specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Final Payout 2" means each Final Payout specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
before being multiplied by the applicable Nominal Amount for the relevant Knock-In Mixed Payouts 
Notes and for the relevant Knock-out Mixed Redemption Amounts Notes if Payout FX Conversion is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, converted into the Payout Currency at the Payout 
FX Value, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Final Payout Weighting" is the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Barrier Level" means the percentage, number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the product of the Barrier Percentage and the Strike Level 
rounded upwards or downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner; 
"Barrier Percentage Strike Price" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Barrier Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Barrier Range Level" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Bonus Coupon" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Level Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 473 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
473 
 
 
"Bonus Level" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the product of the Bonus Percentage and the Strike Level rounded 
upwards or downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner; 
"Bonus Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Percentage 4" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cap Level Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cap Level Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cap Level Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cap Level" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the product of the Cap Percentage and the Strike Level rounded upwards 
or downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner; 
"Cap Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Mixed Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 474 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
474 
 
 
"Constant Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 4" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 5" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 6" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 7" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 8" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 9" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 10" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 11" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 12" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 13" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 14" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 15" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 16" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 17" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Conversion Rate Early" means the Conversion Rate on (a) the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or (b) the relevant Optional Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable; 
"Conversion Rate Final" means the Conversion Rate on the Valuation Date; 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 475 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
475 
 
 
"Coupon Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Percentage 2" means the percentage (which can also be a negative percentage) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period, 
the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Interest 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts 
and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 
(Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Weighting" means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Cumulative Inflation Rate" means Inflation Index(i)/Inflation Index(base); 
"DC Barrier Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation 
Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP 
Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Cap Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Cap Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Coupon Condition" means that the DC Barrier Value for the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation 
Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) 
less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level or (e) "within" the 
Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (f) "outside" the Barrier 
Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Floor Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Floor Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Plus Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 476 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
476 
 
 
"Digital Plus Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Double Digital Coupon Condition 1" means that the DC Barrier Value for the relevant MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater 
than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level or (e) 
"within" the Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (f) "outside" 
the Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Double Digital Coupon Condition 2" means that the DC Barrier Value for the relevant MFP Coupon 
Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater 
than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level or (e) 
"within" the Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (f) "outside" 
the Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Final Redemption Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest 
Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values 
for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts 
and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Downside Participation Factor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Exchange Rate" means, in respect of a day, the rate of exchange (including any rates of exchange 
pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived), between the currencies and from the source(s) 
and at the time in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms on such day; 
"Exchange Rate Final" means the Exchange Rate on the Valuation Date; 
"Exchange Rate Initial" means the Exchange Rate on the Strike Date; 
"Express Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Basket 1" means the basket of Alternative Currencies specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Basket 2" means the basket of Alternative Currencies specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 477 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
477 
 
 
"FI Constant Percentage " means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Constant Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI DC Barrier Value" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date and an Underlying Reference, 
the Underlying Reference Closing Value for such Underlying Reference; 
"FI Digital Cap Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is greater 
than or equal to the FI Digital Cap Level; 
"FI Digital Cap Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Coupon Condition" means: 
(a) (A) if FI Basket 1 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the FI DC Barrier 
Value for Underlying Reference 1 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is or (B) if FI 
Basket 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX Coupon Performance 
for FI Basket 1 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (i)(a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) 
equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the FI Upper Barrier Level and (ii) if a FI Lower Barrier Level is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal 
to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the FI Lower Barrier Level; and/or  
(b) if FI Digital Coupon Condition 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (A) if FI 
Basket 2 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms that the FI DC Barrier 
Value for Underlying Reference 2 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is or (B) if FI 
Basket 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX Coupon Performance 
for FI Basket 2 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (i)(a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) 
equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the FI Upper Barrier Level 2 and (ii) if a FI Lower Barrier Level 2 is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal 
to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the FI Lower Barrier Level 2; 
"FI Digital Floor Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is less than 
or equal to the FI Digital Floor Level; 
"FI Digital Floor Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"FI Digital Plus Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is greater 
than the FI Digital Plus Level;

--- Page 478 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
478 
 
 
"FI Digital Plus Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the Performance Value as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Lower Barrier Level 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"FI Lower Barrier Level" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"FI Rate A" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate B" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Interest Valuation Date" means each Underlying Interest Determination Date, Interest 
Determination Date, Pricing Date, Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Interest Valuation Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or each Range Accrual Day; 
"FI Redemption Valuation Date" means each Settlement Price Date or Pricing Date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Upper Barrier Level 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"FI Upper Barrier Level" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"FI Valuation Date" means each FI Redemption Valuation Date or an FI Interest Valuation Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Coupon Rate" means the Interest Rate calculated in respect of the Current Interest Period or 
Target Final Interest Period, as applicable (the "Final Interest Period"); 
"Final Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction applicable to the Final Interest Period;  
"Final Reference Level" means: 
(a) if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Price 
on the Valuation Date; or

--- Page 479 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
479 
 
 
(b) if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average 
of the Settlement Prices determined on each of the Averaging Dates; 
"Final Interest Rate" means: 
(a) if Capped and Guaranteed Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage less Paid Coupon; 
(b) if Capped and Guaranteed Not Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the product of 
the Final Coupon Rate and the Final Day Count Fraction (if applicable);  
(c) if Capped Only is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Final Coupon Rate × Final Day Count Fraction (if applicable), Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage – Paid Coupon); 
(d) If Guaranteed Only is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max (Final Coupon Rate × Final Day Count Fraction (if applicable), Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage – Paid Coupon). 
"Final Redemption Condition" means that: 
(a) the FR Barrier Value for the relevant MFP FR Barrier Valuation Date or MFP FR Barrier Valuation 
Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than (d) less than or equal to, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Condition Level, or (e) "within" 
the Final Redemption Range Level, or (f) "outside" the Final Redemption Range Level, all as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Final Redemption Condition 1"); and/or (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
(b) the FR Barrier Value 2 for the relevant MFP FR Barrier Valuation Date or MFP FR Barrier 
Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than (d) less than or 
equal to, the Final Redemption Condition Level 2 or (e) "within" the Final Redemption Range 
Level, or (f) "outside" the Final Redemption Range Level, all as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Final Redemption Condition 2"); 
"Final Redemption Condition Level" means the percentage, amount or number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Condition Level 2" means the percentage, amount or number specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Alternative/Base Currency, (i) if Averaging is specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Price on the relevant FI Valuation Date,

--- Page 480 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
480 
 
 
(ii) if Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average of the 
Settlement Prices for all Averaging Dates, (iii) if Highest Look Back is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the highest Settlement Price for such Alternative/Base Currency for all 
Averaging Dates or (iv) if Lowest Look Back is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the lowest Settlement Price for such Alternative/Base Currency for all Averaging Dates; 
"Final Redemption Range Level": means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"Final Redemption Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest 
Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values 
for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts 
and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Value 1" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest 
Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values 
for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts 
and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Value 2" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest 
Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values 
for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts 
and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Value 3" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest 
Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values 
for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts 
and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Value 4" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest 
Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values 
for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates,

--- Page 481 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
481 
 
 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts 
and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Income Automatic Early Redemption Payouts" means the Automatic Early Redemption 
Payouts contained in the Automatic Early Redemption Payouts Formulas Conditions 2.1(g) and 2.1(h); 
"Fixed Income Final Payouts" means the Final Payouts contained in the Formulas Conditions from 
(and including) 1.1(mmm) to (and including) 1.1 (rrr); 
"Fixed Income Payouts" means the Fixed Income Final Payouts and the Fixed Income Automatic Early 
Redemption Payouts; 
"Fixed Income Interest Rates" means Interest Rates contained in the Interest Rates Formulas 
Conditions 5.1(p), 5.1(q), 5.1(r), 5.1(s), 5.1(t), 5.1(u), 5.1(v), 5.1(w), 5.1(x), 5.1(y), 5.1(z) and 5.1(aa); 
"Fixed Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Floor" means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Barrier Value" means, in respect of a MFP FR Barrier Valuation Date or MFP FR Barrier Valuation 
Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP 
Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Barrier Value 2" means, in respect of a MFP FR Barrier Valuation Date or MFP FR Barrier 
Valuation Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions 
for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP 
Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date, immediately 
preceding the Final Valuation Date (or if none the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the Final Valuation 
Date;

--- Page 482 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
482 
 
 
"FR Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the FR Rate and the applicable FR Day 
Count Fraction; 
"FR Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FR Exit Rate" means any of FR Rate, FR Up Rate or FR CSN Rate as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FR Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in, the applicable Final 
Terms. If the applicable Final Terms specify that the FR Rate is to be determined by reference to a Screen 
Rate, the FR Rate shall be calculated pursuant to Base Condition 8.5(d) (AER Rate Determination), as 
applicable, save that references therein to "AER" shall be deemed to be references to "FR"; 
"FR Spread" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Up Rate" means: 
(a) if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Max (FR Floor Percentage, FR Gearing × (FR Value - FR Strike Percentage) + FR Spread), FR 
Cap Percentage) + FR Constant Percentage 
(b) if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max (FR Floor Percentage, FR Gearing × (FR Value - FR Strike Percentage) + FR Spread) + FR Constant 
Percentage 
"FR Value" means, in respect of a MFP FR Valuation Date or MFP FR Valuation Period, the value from 
Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts 
and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 
(Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average 
Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 483 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
483 
 
 
"FX Coupon Performance" means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes relating to a single Alternative Currency, the FX Coupon Performance 
Value; 
(ii) 
if Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Alternative Currency in the Relevant Basket as (a) the FX Coupon 
Performance Value for the relevant Alternative Currency for such FI Interest Valuation Date (b) 
multiplied by the relevant FX Weighting; 
(iii) 
if Best Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the highest 
FX Coupon Performance Value of any Alternative Currency in the Relevant Basket in respect 
of such FI Interest Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
if Worst Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest 
FX Coupon Performance Value of any Alternative Currency in the Relevant Basket in respect 
of such FI Interest Valuation Date; 
(v) 
if Multi Basket is specified as applicable in the Final Terms: 
   𝐺𝑗 × (𝑊𝑖  × FX Coupon Performance Value)
𝑛
𝑖=1
𝑚
𝑗=1
 
where:  
"Gj" means, in respect of a basket of Alternative Currencies, the percentage specified as such 
for such basket of Alternative Currencies in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Wi" means, in respect of an Alternative Currency, the FX Weighting for such Alternative 
Currency; or 
(vi) 
if Ranked Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Alternative/Base Currency in the Relevant Basket as (a) the FX Coupon 
Ranked Value for the relevant Alternative Currency for such FI Interest Valuation Date 
multiplied by (b) the relevant FX Weighting; 
"FX Coupon Performance Value" means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date and an Alternative 
Currency: 
(a) if FX Performance Coupon 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
FX Final Interest Settlement Price – FX Initial Interest Settlement Price 
(b) if FX Performance Coupon 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 484 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
484 
 
 
FX Initial Interest Settlement Price - FX Final Interest Settlement Price 
(a) if FX Performance Coupon 3 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
(FX Final Interest Settlement Price −FX Initial Interest Settlement Price
FX Final Interest Settlement Price
) 
(b) if FX Performance Coupon 4 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
FX Initial Interest Settlement Price−FX Final Interest Settlement Price
FX Final Interest Settlement Price
)  
(e) 
if FX Performance Coupon 5 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
1
FX Initial Interest Settlement Price) − (
1
FX Final Interest Settlement Price)  
(f) 
if FX Performance Coupon 6 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
1
FX Final Interest Settlement Price) − (
1
FX Initial Interest Settlement Price)  
(g) if FX Performance Coupon 7 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
FX Final Interest Settlement Price−FX Initial Interest Settlement Price
FX Initial Interest Settlement Price
)  
(h) if FX Performance Coupon 8 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
FX Initial Interest Settlement Price−FX Final Interest Settlement Price
FX Initial Interest Settlement Price
) 
(i) 
if FX Performance Coupon 9 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
FX Final Interest Settlement Price
FX Initial Interest Settlement Price   
(j) 
if FX Performance Coupon 10 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
FX Initial Interest Settlement Price
FX Final Interest Settlement Price   
"FX Coupon Ranked Value" means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date, the FX Coupon 
Performance Value in respect of the Alternative/Base Currency with the FX Coupon Ranking in respect 
of such FI Interest Valuation Date set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FX Coupon Ranking" means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of 
each Alternative/Base Currency by FX Coupon Performance Value from lowest FX Coupon 
Performance Value to greatest FX Coupon Performance Value in respect of such FI Interest Valuation 
Date 
"FX Final Interest Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Alternative/Base Currency, (i) if 
Averaging is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Price on the 
relevant FI Interest Valuation Date, (ii) if Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant

--- Page 485 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
485 
 
 
FI Interest Valuation Date, (iii) if Highest Look Back is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the highest Settlement Price for such Alternative/Base Currency for all Averaging Dates in 
respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date or (iv) if Lowest Look Back is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest Settlement Price for such Alternative/Base Currency for all 
Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date; 
"FX Initial Interest Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Alternative Currency: 
(a) the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) if Initial Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Price 
for such Alternative Currency on the Strike Date; or 
(c) if Initial Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average of the Settlement Prices for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the 
Strike Period; or 
(d) if Highest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the highest 
Settlement Price for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or  
(e) if Lowest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest 
Settlement Price for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period. 
"FX Performance Value" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date: 
(a) if Performance Value 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
Final Settlement Price - Initial Settlement Price; 
(b) if Performance Value 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Initial Settlement Price - Final Settlement Price; 
(c) if Performance Value 3 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
Final Settlement Price−Initial Settlement Price
Final Settlement Price
) ; 
(d) if Performance Value 4 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
( 
Initial Settlement Price−Final Settlement Price
Final Settlement Price
); 
(e) if Performance Value 5 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
1
Initial Settlement Price) − (
1
Final Settlement Price); 
(f) 
if Performance Value 6 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 486 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
486 
 
 
(
1
Final Settlement Price) − (
1
Initial Settlement Price); 
(g) if Performance Value 7 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
Final Settlement Price−Initial Settlement Price
Initial Settlement Price
); 
(h) if Performance Value 8 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
Initial Settlement Price−Final Settlement Price
Initial Settlement Price
); 
(i) 
if Performance Value 9 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
Final Settlement Price
Initial Settlement Price; 
(j) 
if Performance Value 10 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Initial Settlement Price
Final Settlement Price ; 
"FX Ranking" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of each 
Alternative/Base Currency by FX Performance Value from lowest FX Performance Value to greatest FX 
Performance Value in respect of such FI Valuation Date; 
"FX Weighting" means, in respect of an Alternative Currency, the number, amount or percentage 
specified as such for such Alternative Currency in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing(i)" means as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing A" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Gearing B " means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Gearing Down" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Up" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 487 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
487 
 
 
"Global Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"i" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"i" means the relevant MFP Valuation Date, MFP Valuation Period, or any Valuation Date or Valuation 
Period as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Inflation Index(base)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing 
Value for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date; 
"Inflation Index(i)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing 
Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the relevant FI Valuation Date; 
"Inflation Index(i-1)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing 
Value for such Underlying Reference on the immediately preceding FI Valuation Date (or, if none, the 
Strike Date); 
"Inflation Rate" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, YoY Inflation Rate or Cumulative Inflation 
Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Reference Level" is as defined in the Final Terms;  
"Initial Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Alternative Currency: 
(a) the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) if Initial Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Price 
for such Alternative Currency on the Strike Date; or 
(c) if Initial Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average of the Settlement Prices for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the 
Strike Period; or 
(d) if Highest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the highest 
Settlement Price for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(e) if Lowest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest 
Settlement Price for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period. 
"j" means the relevant Strike Date; 
"k" means the relevant Underlying Reference; 
"K" means the total number of Underlying References in the Basket;

--- Page 488 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
488 
 
 
"L" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Listing Date" means, in respect of any Notes, the date on which such Notes are first admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange or other trading or quotation system; 
"Local Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap Percentage(i)" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Floor Percentage(i)" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Lower Level" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"M" means a series of MFP Valuation Dates or MFP Valuation Periods; 
"m" means the relevant MFP Valuation Date or MFP Valuation Period; 
"Maximum Payout Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Automatic Early Redemption Payout" means the Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
contained in the Automatic Early Redemption Payouts Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"MFP Call Payouts" means the Call Payout contained in the Noteholder Call Option Payouts Formulas 
Condition 4.1(d); 
"MFP Coupon Valuation Date" means each MFP Range Accrual Day, Averaging Date, Valuation Date, 
Pricing Date, Settlement Price Date and/or Underlying Interest Determination Date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Coupon Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i)" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 489 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
489 
 
 
"MFP Date Weighting" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the number, amount or percentage 
specified as such for such date in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 1" means that the Mixed Barrier Value for the relevant 
MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal 
to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Mixed Barrier 
Level; or (e) "within" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or (f) "outside" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
"MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 2" means that the Mixed Barrier Value for the relevant 
MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal 
to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Mixed Barrier 
Level; or (e) "within" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or (f) "outside" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Entitlement Amounts" means the Entitlement Amounts contained in the Entitlement Amount 
Formulas Condition 6 (MFP Entitlement Amount); 
"MFP Final Payout" means the Final Payouts contained in the Formulas Conditions from (and 
including) 1.1(ii) to (and including) 1.1 (hhh); 
"MFP FR Barrier Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, 
Underlying Interest Determination Date, Settlement Price Date and/or each day, all specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; and; 
"MFP FR Barrier Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP FR Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, Underlying 
Interest Determination Date, Settlement Price Date and/or each day, all specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
"MFP FR Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Memory Snowball Date" means each date on which the relevant MFP Memory Snowball Digital 
Coupon Condition is satisfied or the last day of any MFP Coupon Valuation Period in which the MFP 
Memory Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied; 
"MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon Condition" means that the Snowball Barrier Value for the 
relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, 
(c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the

--- Page 490 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
490 
 
 
Snowball Level; or (e) "within" the Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or (f) "outside" the Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Digital Mixed Coupon Condition" means that the Mixed Barrier Value for the relevant MFP 
Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to 
or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Mixed Barrier 
Level; or (e) "within" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or (f) "outside" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Payouts" means the MFP Final Payout, the MFP Automatic Early Redemption Payouts, the MFP 
Put Payouts and the MFP Call Payouts. 
"MFP Put Payout" means the Put Payout contained in the Noteholder Put Option Payouts Formulas 
Conditions 3.1(d); 
"MFP Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down " means the percentage, amount or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up " means the percentage, amount or number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Range Accrual Coupon Condition" means: 
(a) 
if Barrier Up is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the AC Barrier Value 
for the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date is (i) “greater” than or (b) “equal to or greater 
than” the relevant MFP Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down and (ii) (a) “less than” or 
(b) “less than or equal to” the relevant MFP Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up; or 
(b) 
if Barrier Up is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the AC Barrier 
Value for the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date is equal to or greater than MFP Range 
Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down; 
"MFP Range Accrual Day" means a calendar day, Business Day, Exchange Business Day, Hybrid 
Business Day, Scheduled Trading Day, MFP Coupon Valuation Date or other day specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Interest Rates" means Interest Rates contained in the Interest Rates Formulas Conditions from 
(and including) 5.1(a) to (and including) 5.1(h); 
"MFP Redemption Valuation Date" means each Underlying Interest Determination Date, Averaging 
Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 491 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
491 
 
 
"MFP Settlement Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Valuation Date" means each MFP Coupon Valuation Date, MFP Redemption Valuation Date, 
MFP ES Valuation Date, MFP FR Valuation Date, MFP FR Barrier Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, MFP EndDay Valuation Date, MFP StartDay 
Valuation Date, MFP Call Valuation Date, MFP Put Valuation Date, MFP ACS Valuation Date, MFP 
APS Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Strike Day or Strike Date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Valuation Period" means each MFP ES Valuation Period, MFP Coupon Valuation Period, MFP 
FR Barrier Valuation Period, MFP Call Valuation Period, MFP Put Valuation Period, Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Period, Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period, MFP FR Valuation Period, 
MFP Settlement Valuation Period, Knock-in Determination Period, Knock-out Determination Period, 
MFP ACS Valuation Period, or MFP APS Valuation Period, specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Mixed Barrier Level" means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; or if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the product of the Barrier Percentage and the 
Strike Level rounded upwards or downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Mixed Barrier Range Level" means the range of levels specified as such or otherwise determined in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions;  
"Mixed Barrier Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation 
Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP 
Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate 
determined in respect of such Underlying Interest Rate. 
"n" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"N" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 492 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
492 
 
 
"NA" means the Nominal Amount; 
"nEnd days" has the meaning given it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"nStart days" has the meaning given it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Paid Coupon" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Target 
Determination Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product of (i) the 
Interest Rate and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in each case 
calculated for each Interest Period preceding the Current Interest Period (in the case of an Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date) or the Target Final Interest Period (in the case of a Target 
Determination Date); 
"Parity" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Participation Factor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout FX Closing Price Value" means the rate of exchange between the currencies (including any 
rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and determined from the 
source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Payout Currency 
on the Payout FX Rate Date 
"Payout FX Rate Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout FX Rate Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout FX Strike Closing Price Value" means (i) the rate of exchange between the currencies 
(including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and 
determined from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms on 
the Payout FX Rate Strike Date or (ii) the rate of exchange specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Payout FX Value" means, in respect of a Payout Currency (a) the Payout FX Closing Price Value 
divided by (b) the Payout FX Strike Closing Price Value; 
"Performance of Components" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Component in accordance with the following formula: 
[
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥 𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥
𝐈𝐧𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐚𝐥 𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥] −𝟏

--- Page 493 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
493 
 
 
"Performance of Underlying 1" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Underlying Reference identified as Underlying Reference 1 in the Final Terms in accordance with the 
following formula: 
[
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥 𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥
𝐈𝐧𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐚𝐥 𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥] −𝟏 
"Performance of Underlying 2" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Underlying Reference identified as Underlying Reference 2 in the Final Terms in accordance with the 
following formula: 
[
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥 𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥
𝐈𝐧𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐚𝐥 𝐑𝐞𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥] −𝟏 
"Performance Value" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes relating to a single Alternative Currency, the FX Performance Value; 
(ii) 
if Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Alternative Currency in the Basket as (a) the FX Performance Value for the 
relevant Alternative Currency for such FI Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant FX 
Weighting; 
(iii) 
if Best Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the highest 
FX Performance Value of any Alternative Currency in the Relevant Basket in respect of such 
FI Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
if Worst Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest 
FX Performance Value of any Alternative Currency in the Relevant Basket in respect of such 
FI Valuation Date; 
(v) 
if Multi Basket is specified as applicable in the Final Terms: 
  𝐺𝑗×
𝑛
𝑖=1
𝑚
𝑗=1
 (𝑊𝑖× FX Performance Value) 
where:  
"Gj" means, in respect of a basket of Alternative Currencies, the percentage specified as such 
for such basket of Alternative Currencies in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Wi" means, in respect of an Alternative Currency, the FX Weighting for such Alternative 
Currency; or 
(vi) 
if Ranked Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Alternative/Base Currency in the Relevant Basket as (a) the Ranked Value 
for the relevant Alternative Currency for such FI Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant 
FX Weighting; 
"Premium" means, the amount in the Redemption Currency or the percentage indicated as such indicated 
as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 494 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
494 
 
 
"Premium Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Protection Factor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Protection Level" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Q" is a series of MFP Valuation Dates in MFP Valuation Period(i) or Calculation Period(i); 
"q" means the relevant Observation Date or MFP Valuation Date; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down" means the number, level or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up" means the number, level or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Condition" means: 
(a) (A) if FI Basket 1 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the FI DC Barrier 
Value for Underlying Reference 1 for the relevant Range Accrual Day is or (B) if FI Basket 1 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX Coupon Performance for FI 
Basket 1 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (a)(i) “greater than”, (ii) “less than”, (iii) 
“equal to or greater than” or (iv) “less than or equal to”, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down and (b) if a Range Accrual 
Coupon Barrier Level Up is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) “greater than”, (ii) “less 
than”, (iii) “equal to or greater than” or (iv) “less than or equal to”, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up; and/or 
(b) if Range Accrual Coupon Condition 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (A) 
if FI Basket 2 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the FI DC Barrier 
Value for Underlying Reference 2 for the relevant Range Accrual Day is or (B) if FI Basket 2 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX Coupon Performance for FI 
Basket 2 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (a)(i) “greater than”, (ii) “less than”, (iii) 
“equal to or greater than” or (iv) “less than or equal to”, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down 2 and (b) if a Range Accrual 
Coupon Barrier Level Up 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) “greater than”, (ii) 
“less than”, (iii) “equal to or greater than” or (iv) “less than or equal to”, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2;

--- Page 495 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
495 
 
 
"Range Accrual Day" means a Scheduled Trading Day, Business Day, Commodity Business Day, 
Underlying Interest Determination Date, Hybrid Business Day or calendar day, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Period End Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Range Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date, the FX Performance Value in respect of the 
Alternative/Base Currency with the FX Ranking in respect of such FI Valuation Date set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date, the fixed rate specified in or the floating rate 
calculated as provided in, the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate(i)" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in or the floating rate calculated as provided in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
the Vanilla Call Rate, the Vanilla Call Spread Rate, the Reference Amount Rate or the Reference 
Amount Spread Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Rate 1(i)" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in or the floating rate calculated as provided in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
the Vanilla Call Rate, the Vanilla Call Spread Rate, the Reference Amount Rate or the Reference 
Amount Spread Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Rate 2(i)" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in or the floating rate calculated as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Vanilla Call Rate, the Vanilla Call Spread Rate, the Reference Amount Rate or the Reference 
Amount Spread Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Amount Rate" means: 
Reference Amount(i) × (1 + Gearing(i)) 
"Reference Amount Spread Rate" means:

--- Page 496 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
496 
 
 
Reference Amount(i) × (1 + Gearing(i) ) + Spread(i) 
"Reference Amount(i)" means in respect of an Interest Valuation Date, the sum of the weighted 
dividends and/or other cash distributions declared by each company managing the relevant Component 
Security constituting the Underlying Index paid by the each relevant Component Security constituting 
the Underlying Index from (and excluding) the relevant Interest Valuation Date to (and including) the 
immediately preceding Interest Valuation Date (or if none the Issue Date), expressed as a percentage of 
the Nominal Amount, net of any applicable taxes, costs, expenses or redemption fees, subject to any 
adjustment made by the Index Sponsor. 
"Interest Rate Redemption Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions 
for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP 
Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Basket" means FI Basket 1 or FI Basket 2, as applicable; 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reverse Capped Notes Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reverse Capped Notes Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reverse Capped Notes Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reverse Capped Notes Percentage 4" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reverse Capped Notes Percentage 5" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reverse Level" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if not 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the product of the Reverse Percentage and the Strike Level 
rounded upwards or downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner;  
"Reverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 497 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
497 
 
 
"Redemption Payout" means the Final Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms before being 
multiplied by the applicable Nominal Amount; 
"Settlement Price Final" means the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date; 
"SFP Automatic Early Redemption Payout" means the Automatic Early Redemption Payout contained 
in the Automatic Early Redemption Payouts Formulas Condition 2.1 (c); 
"SFP Call Payouts" means the Call Payouts contained in the Noteholder Call Option Payouts Formulas 
Conditions from (and including) 4.1(a) to (and including) 4.1(c); 
"SFP Final Payout" means the Final Payouts contained in the Formulas Conditions from (and including) 
1.1(a) to (and including) 1.1 (hh); 
"SFP Payouts" means the SFP Final Payout, the SFP Automatic Early Redemption Payouts, the SFP Put 
Payouts and the SFP Call Payouts; 
"SFP Put Payouts" means the Put Payouts contained in the Noteholder Put Option Payouts Formulas 
Conditions from (and including) 3.1(a) to (and including) 3.1(c); 
"Snowball Barrier Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions 
for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP 
Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Snowball Level" means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Speed Factor" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread(i)" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Level" means: 
(i) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, the Closing Level; 
(ii) if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, the Closing Price or the Italian Securities Reference 
Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(iii) if the relevant Underlying Reference is an ETI, the Closing Price;

--- Page 498 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
498 
 
 
(iv) if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Commodity or a Commodity Index, the Relevant Price;  
(v) if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Currency or Future, the Settlement Price; or 
(vi) if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Debt Instrument, the Settlement Price, 
(vii) if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share.  
in each case on the Strike Date; 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Price" means the price, level or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"T" means the relevant Observation Date or MFP Valuation Date; 
"Target Coupon Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Target Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Target Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on the Redemption Date; 
"Underlying Reference 1" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Underlying Reference 2" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Closing Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date: 
(a) if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level (as defined in the 
Inflation Linked Note Conditions); or 
(b) if the relevant Underlying Reference is a rate of interest, the Underlying Reference Rate or, if 
Multiple Underlying Interest Rate is specified as applicable, the value calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing  (i)
n
i=1
× Multiple Underlying Reference Rate (i) 
(c) if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Alternative Currency, the Settlement Price or FX Coupon 
Performance Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(d) if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, a Share, a Commodity or a Commodity Index, the 
Settlement Price,

--- Page 499 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
499 
 
 
in each case in respect of such day. 
"Underlying Reference Initial" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Level" means, in respect of a time and a day (i) "official level", "opening price", 
"official close", "closing price", "purchase price", "sale price", "last price", "bid price", "asked price", 
"traded price", "official settlement price", "daily settlement price", "high", "mid", "low", "bid high", "bid 
low", "ask high", "ask low" of the Underlying Reference as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
published by the Observation Price Source or (ii) if Standard Underlying Reference Level is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms (a) in the case of Share Linked Notes and Futures Linked Notes 
the price of the relevant Underlying Reference, (b) in the case of Index Linked Notes, the level of the 
relevant Underlying Reference, (c) in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, the Relevant Price (on the 
basis that such day is deemed to be a Pricing Date), (d) in the case of Currency Linked Notes, the spot 
rate of exchange for the exchange of the Alternative Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the 
number of units (or part units) of such Alternative Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can 
be exchanged) or (e) in the case of Debt Linked Notes, the bid price of the relevant Underlying Reference 
as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the bid price for such Underlying Reference 
appearing on the Relevant Screen Page, (f) in the case of a Fund NAV per Fund Share, in each case for 
such time on such day;  
"Underlying Reference Weighting" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, amount 
or percentage specified as such for such Underlying Reference in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference" means:  
(a) 
for the purposes of the SFP Payouts, each Index, Share, Commodity, Commodity Index, 
Alternative Currency, Future, Debt Instrument or other basis of reference to which the relevant 
Notes relate; 
(b) 
for the purposes of the Fixed Income Final Payouts and Fixed Income Interest Rates, each 
Inflation Index, Alternative Currency, Underlying Interest Rate, Index, Share, Commodity, 
Commodity Index or other basis of reference to which the relevant Notes relate. If two or more 
Underlying Interest Rates are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Underlying 
Component Rates each Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified as such (together the "Multiple 
Underlying Interest Rate") will be calculated separately and independently but for the 
purposes of these Formulas Conditions and the Interest Rate Linked Note Conditions shall be 
deemed to together constitute an Underlying Reference; 
(c) 
for the purposes of the MFP Payouts, MFP Interest Rates and MFP Entitlement Amounts, each 
Index, Share, ETI, Debt Instrument, Commodity, Commodity Index, Fund, Underlying Interest 
Rate, Inflation Index or Future or other basis of reference to which the relevant Notes relate;

--- Page 500 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
500 
 
 
"Up Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Final Redemption Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest 
Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values 
for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MF))P Interest Rates, Payouts 
and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Upper Level" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Upside Participation Factor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Vanilla Call Rate" means: 
Constant Percentage(i)+ Gearing(i) × Max(Coupon Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i)+Spread(i),Floor 
Percentage(i)); and 
"Vanilla Call Spread Rate" means: 
Constant Percentage(i)+Gearing(i) × Min(Max(Coupon Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i) +Spread(i),Floor 
Percentage(i));Cap Percentage(i)). 
"YoY Inflation Rate" means Inflation Index(i)/Inflation Index(i-1) – 1. 
8. 
VALUES AND PERFORMANCE DEFINITIONS 
8.1 
Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts 
(a) 
Basic Value Definitions 
"FX Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a day:  
(a) Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level; or 
(b) 
if Underlying Reference FX Hedged Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Underlying Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by Underlying Reference FX 
Strike Level; 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the product 
of the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value Percentage and:

--- Page 501 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
501 
 
 
(a) if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, the Closing Level; 
(b) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, the Closing Price or the Italian Securities 
Reference Price or the Settlement Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an ETI, the Closing Price or the Settlement Price, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(d) if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Commodity or a Commodity Index, the Relevant Price; 
(e) if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share; 
(f) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Currency or Future, the Settlement Price; 
(g) if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Underlying Interest Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate;  
(h) if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level; or 
(i) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Debt Instrument, the Settlement Price, 
in each case in respect of such day; 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value Percentage" means 100% unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms;  
"Underlying Reference FX Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a day, the rate of 
exchange between the currencies (including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of 
exchange is derived) and determined from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for such Underlying Reference on such day; 
"Underlying Reference FX Strike Level" means in respect of an Underlying Reference: 
(a) 
the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if FX Closing Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying 
Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date; or 
(c) 
if FX Maximum Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the greatest 
Underlying Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the 
Strike Period; or 
(d) 
if FX Minimum Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest 
Underlying Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the 
Strike Period; or

--- Page 502 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
502 
 
 
(e) 
if FX Average Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average of the Underlying Reference FX Levels for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike 
Days in the Strike Period; and 
"Underlying Reference Strike Price" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference: 
(i) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Strike Price Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date; 
or 
(iii) 
if the Notes are Share Linked Notes and if “Punctual Underlying Reference Strike Price” is 
indicated as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the official closing price of such Share on 
the Strike Date as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Share Linked 
Note Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share Linked Note Condition 5 
(Extraordinary Events) (as amended where "GDR/ADR" is specified as applicable); or 
(iv) 
if Strike Price Maximum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
greatest Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference for all the 
Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(v) 
if Strike Price Minimum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
lowest Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference for all the 
Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(vi) 
if Strike Price Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference Closing Price Values for such Underlying 
Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(vii) 
if Barrier Strike Price Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an 
amount equal to the product of (x) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference on the Strike Date and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price; or 
(viii) 
if Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
an amount equal to the product of (x) the greatest Underlying Reference Closing Price Value 
for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier 
Percentage Strike Price; or 
(ix) 
if Barrier Strike Price Minimum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
an amount equal to the product of (x) the lowest Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for 
such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier 
Percentage Strike Price; or

--- Page 503 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
503 
 
 
(x) 
if Barrier Strike Price Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
an amount equal to the product of (x) the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Values for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period 
and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
(b) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Underlying Reference Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Date, (a) the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such 
day minus (b) Underlying Reference Performance Percentage or (c) Underlying Reference Performance 
Percentage minus (d) the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such 
day; 
"Underlying Reference Performance Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Restrike Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Date (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference 
in respect of such day (ii) divided by the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of the N-th immediately preceding MFP Valuation Date (b) less Underlying 
Reference Restrike Performance Percentage or (c) Underlying Reference Restrike Performance 
Percentage minus (d) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference 
in respect of such day (ii) divided by the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of the N-th immediately preceding MFP Valuation Date. Provided that in each case, 
the Underlying Reference Restrike Performance will be determined starting from the N-th MFP 
Valuation Date immediately following the first occurring MFP Valuation Date. 
"Underlying Reference Restrike Performance Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference EndDay Closing Price Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and a MFP Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference on the date (the "MFP EndDay Valuation Date") falling nEnd days after such MFP Valuation 
Date; 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value" means: 
(a) if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, the Intraday Level; or 
(b) if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, an ETI, a Commodity or a Commodity Index, the 
Intraday Price;

--- Page 504 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
504 
 
 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such Underlying Reference in 
respect of such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price, and 
(b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value;  
"Underlying Reference Intraday Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant Underlying Reference 
Strike Price, minus the Underlying Reference Intraday Performance Percentage and (b) if FX Conversion 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value; or (a) the Underlying 
Reference Intraday Performance Percentage minus (i) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value 
for such Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant 
Underlying Reference Strike Price and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value; 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Performance Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Date (a) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in 
respect of such day divided by (b) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of the N-th immediately preceding MFP Valuation Date. Provided that the 
Underlying Reference Restrike Value will be determined starting from the N-th MFP Valuation Date 
immediately following the first occurring MFP Valuation Date.  
"Underlying Reference Extended Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and 
MFP Valuation Period (a) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference 
in respect of a MFP Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation Period divided by (b) the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the N-th immediately 
preceding MFP Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation Period. Provided that the Underlying 
Reference Extended Restrike Value will be determined starting from the N-th MFP Valuation Date 
within such MFP Valuation Period immediately following the first occurring MFP Valuation Date within 
such MFP Valuation Period. 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the Underlying Reference Intraday 
Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the N-th immediately preceeding MFP Valuation 
Date, and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by 
FX Value. Provided that the Underlying Reference Intraday Restrike Value will be determined starting 
from the N-th MFP Valuation Date immediately following the first occurring MFP Valuation Date.

--- Page 505 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
505 
 
 
"Underlying Reference Extended Intraday Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and MFP Valuation Period (a) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference in respect of a MFP Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation Period divided 
by (b) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the 
N-th immediately preceding MFP Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation Period. Provided that the 
Underlying Reference Extended Intraday Restrike Value will be determined starting from the N-th MFP 
Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation Period immediately following the first occurring MFP 
Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation Period. 
"N-th" means the ordinal number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Period, the lowest (a) Underlying Reference Restrike Value or (b) Underlying Reference 
Extended Restrike Value for such Underlying Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP 
Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Restrike Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest (a) Underlying Reference Restrike Intraday Value or 
(b) Underlying Reference Extended Restrike Intraday Value for such Underlying Reference for all the 
MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and 
a MFP Valuation Period, the highest (a) Underlying Reference Restrike Value or (b) Underlying 
Reference Extended Restrike Value for such Underlying Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in 
such MFP Valuation Period. 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Restrike Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a MFP Valuation Period, the highest (a) Underlying Reference Restrike Intraday Value 
or (b) Underlying Reference Extended Restrike Intraday Value for such Underlying Reference for all the 
MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Underlying Reference StartDay Closing Price Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and a MFP Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference on the date (the "MFP StartDay Valuation Date") falling nStart days prior to such MFP 
Valuation Date; 
"Underlying Reference TOM Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Date (a) the Underlying Reference EndDay Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such day divided by (b) Underlying Reference StartDay Closing Price Value for 
such Underlying Reference in respect of such day;

--- Page 506 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
506 
 
 
"Underlying Reference TOM Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Date, the product of all Underlying Reference TOM Restrike Values for all MFP Valuation 
Dates prior to and including such MFP Valuation Date in respect of an Underlying Reference; and 
"Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP Valuation 
Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of 
such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price (expressed as a 
percentage) and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied 
by FX Value (expressed as a percentage) and (c) if Fund Linked Notes is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, less, if Fund Linked Notes Fees Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Aggregate Fund Linked Notes Fees Percentage multiplied by the Fund Linked 
Notes Fees Factor. 
If Underlying Reference Inverse Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Underlying Reference Value shall mean, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP Valuation 
Date, (a) (i) the relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price (ii) divided by the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date (expressed 
as a percentage) and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
multiplied by FX Value (expressed as a percentage) and (c) if Fund Linked Notes is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, less, if Fund Linked Notes Fees Provisions are specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Aggregate Fund Linked Notes Fees Percentage multiplied by 
the Fund Linked Notes Fees Factor.  
If Generic Underlying Reference Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Underlying Reference Value shall mean, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP Valuation 
Date, Underlying Reference Value Percentage minus or plus (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the 
relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price (expressed as a percentage) and (b) if FX Conversion is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value (expressed as a percentage) 
and (c) if Fund Linked Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, less, if Fund Linked 
Notes Fees Provisions are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Aggregate Fund Linked 
Notes Fees Percentage multiplied by the Fund Linked Notes Fees Factor. If Generic Inverse Underlying 
Reference Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Underlying Reference Value 
shall mean, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP Valuation Date, Underlying Reference 
Value Percentage minus or plus (a) (i) the relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price (ii) divided by the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP 
Valuation Date (expressed as a percentage) and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value (expressed as a percentage) and (c) if Fund Linked Notes 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, less, if Fund Linked Notes Fees Provisions are 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Aggregate Fund Linked Notes Fees Percentage 
multiplied by the Fund Linked Notes Fees Factor.

--- Page 507 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
507 
 
 
“Aggregate Fund Linked Notes Fees Percentage” means the sum of the Fund Linked Notes Fees 
Percentages calculated in respect of all Calculation Periods; 
"Fund Linked Notes Fees Percentage" means the rate (expressed as a percentage) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula and being equal to the rate of interest that 
would accrue during each Calculation Period falling during the period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms calculated on the basis that such rate would apply to and be payable by the Floating Rate Payer 
under an interest rate swap transaction incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.: 
Fund Linked Fees Notes Percentage = [Floating Rate + Spread] x Day Count Fraction  
For these purposes:  
A) 
the "Effective Date" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
B) 
the "Termination Date" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
C) 
the "Floating Rate Payer Payment Date" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
D) 
the "Floating Rate Option" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
E) 
the "Spread" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified minus 0.125 per 
cent.; 
F) 
the "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not 
so specified Actual/360; 
G) 
the “Business Day Convention” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of if not so specified 
Modified Following; 
H) 
the "Reset Date" means each Floating Rate Payer Payment Date or as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
I) 
“Calculation Period” means each consecutive period each commencing on and including a 
Floating Rate Payer Payment Date to but excluding the following Floating Rate Payer Payment 
Date except that the first Calculation Period shall start on the Effective Date and the last 
Calculation Period shall end on the Termination Date or as otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Value Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Fund Linked Notes Fees Factor" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Basket Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date or a Fixing Date, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Underlying Reference in the Basket as (a) the Underlying Reference Value for such

--- Page 508 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
508 
 
 
Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date or Fixing Date multiplied by (b) the 
relevant Underlying Reference Weighting; 
"Basket Performance" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date or a Fixing Date, the sum of the 
values calculated for each Underlying Reference in the Basket as (i) (a) the Underlying Reference Value 
for such Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date or Fixing Date multiplied by (b) 
the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting minus the Basket Performance Percentage or (ii) the 
Basket Performance Percentage minus (a) the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date or Fixing Date multiplied by (b) the relevant 
Underlying Reference Weighting; 
"Basket Performance Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Basket Modified Performance" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date or a Fixing Date, the sum 
of the values calculated for each Underlying Reference in the Basket as the (a) the Modified Underlying 
Percentage or the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP 
Valuation Date or Fixing Date depending on the relevant Ranking and by (b) the relevant Underlying 
Reference Weighting;  
“Modified Underlying Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the highest Underlying Reference 
Intraday Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such MFP Valuation Date; 
"Best Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the highest Underlying Reference Value for 
any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such MFP Valuation Date; 
"Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for each 
Underlying Reference in the Basket as (a) the Ranked Value for such Underlying Reference in respect 
of such MFP Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting; 
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Value in respect 
of the Underlying Reference with the Ranking in respect of such MFP Valuation Date set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Ranking" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of each Underlying 
Reference by Underlying Reference Value (a) from lowest Underlying Reference Value to greatest 
Underlying Reference Value in respect of such MFP Valuation Date or (b) from greatest Underlying 
Reference Value to lowest Underlying Reference Value in respect of such MFP Valuation Date, as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 509 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
509 
 
 
"Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the lowest Underlying Reference 
Intraday Value for any Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date;  
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the lowest Underlying Reference Value for 
any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such MFP Valuation Date. 
"Best Click Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the highest Underlying Reference Value 
for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such MFP Valuation Date in relation to which 
a Click Event has not occurred (x) on a Click Valuation Date preceeding the relevant MFP Valuation 
Date or (y) in respect of a Click Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Worst Click Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the lowest Underlying Reference 
Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such MFP Valuation Date in relation to 
which a Click Event has not occurred (x) on a Click Valuation Date preceeding the relevant MFP 
Valuation Date or (y) in respect of a Click Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Click Event" means that the Click Value is (a) "greater than", (b) "equal to or greater than", (c) "less 
than" (d) "less than or equal to", the Click Level or (e) "within" the Click Range Level, or (f) "outside" 
the Click Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (x) on a Click Valuation 
Date or (y) in respect of a Click Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Click Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
"Click Range Level" means the range of levels specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
"Click Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance 
Definitions for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for 
MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Click Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date, Calculation Date, Underlying 
Interest Determination Date, Settlement Price Date and/or each day, all specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
"Click Valuation Period" means each period specific as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 510 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
510 
 
 
 
provided that the Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value on the Strike Date is Underlying 
Reference Volatility Hedged Value0. 
(e) 
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value Definitions 
"ACT Day" or "t" means each day that is an Underlying Reference Valuation Day and a Strategy 
Business Day. 
"Act(t-1,t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the number of calendar days from (but excluding) the ACT 
Day immediately preceding such ACT Day to (and including) such ACT Day.  
"AF" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Baskett-st*" means a hypothetical basket of Underlying References, which the Calculation Agent will 
use to determine the volatility of the Basket over the preceding x ACT Days where Vol20t applies or the 
preceding x ACT Days where Vol60t applies and is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
"BasketES0" means 1. 
"BasketESt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
provided that BasketESt for the Initial ACT Day will be BasketES0. 
"BasketESt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the BasketESt for the ACT Day immediately preceding 
such day. 
"Baskett" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 
provided that Baskett for the Initial ACT Day will be Basket Level0. 
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝐻𝑒𝑑𝑔𝑒𝑑 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡
= 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝐻𝑒𝑑𝑔𝑒𝑑 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡−1 𝑥 [1 + 𝑊𝑡−1 ( 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝐸𝑅𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝐸𝑅𝑡−1
−1)
+ (1 − 𝑊𝑡−1) 𝑥 (𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡−1 𝑥 
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
360
)]  𝑥 [1 −𝐴𝐹 𝑥 
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
360
] 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡−𝑠
𝑡∗=  𝑁𝑆𝑘
𝑡
𝑛
𝑘=1
× 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡−𝑠 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝐸𝑅𝑡= 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝐸𝑅𝑡−1 × [ 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡−1
−𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡−1 × 𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
360
] 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡= 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡−1 𝑥 [1 +  𝑃𝑘
𝑛
𝑘=1
( 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡−1
−1)]

--- Page 511 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
511 
 
 
"Baskett-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, Baskett for the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"Basket Level0" means 1. 
"Initial ACT Day" means the day falling y ACT Days immediately preceding the Strike Date or if that 
is not an ACT Day and (i) if Preceding ACT Day is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
immediately preceding ACT Day or (ii) if Succeeding ACT Day is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the immediately succeeding ACT Day. 
"Levelk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value in respect of such day, provided that, if there is no Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value in respect of such day or such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes, 
Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes or Futures Linked 
Notes) or a Commodity Disrupted Day (in the case of Commodity Linked Notes) (such day a "Disrupted 
Level Day"); and: 
(i) 
if "Following ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Levelk,t will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the next succeeding ACT Day which is not a 
Disrupted Level Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Preceding ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Levelk,t will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the immediately preceding ACT Day which is 
not a Disrupted Level Day. 
"Levelk,t-1" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value on the immediately preceding ACT Day.  
"Leverage Floating Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Leverage Floating Rate Option in 
respect of the Rate Calculation Date for such day appearing on the Leverage Floating Rate Option Page 
at the Leverage Floating Rate Option Calculation Time or if the relevant rate does not appear on such 
page at such time, the Leverage Floating Rate Option for such ACT Day shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such time and from such source(s) as it may select acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Leverage Ratet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or the Leverage Floating Rate for such day as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 512 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
512 
 
 
"ln" means natural logarithm. 
"Max Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Min Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"n" means the number of Underlying References in the Basket. 
"NSkt" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
"Pk" means the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting. 
"Rate Calculation Date" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the first, second or third ACT Day preceding 
such day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Reference Floating Rate Option in 
respect of the Rate Calculation Date for such day appearing on the Reference Floating Rate Option Page 
at the Reference Floating Rate Option Calculation Time or if the relevant rate does not appear on such 
page at such time, the Reference Floating Rate Option for such ACT Day shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such time and from such source(s) as it may select acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Ratet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or the Reference Floating Rate for such day as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strategy Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the Strategy Business Day Centre(s). 
"Strategy Business Day Centre(s)" means the place(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Target Volatility" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
𝑁𝑆𝑘
𝑡= 𝑃𝑘𝑥 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡

--- Page 513 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
513 
 
 
"Tolerance" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Date" means a calendar day, Business Day, Exchange Business Day, 
Hybrid Business Day, Scheduled Trading Day, Fund Business Day, Settlement Price Date, MFP 
Valuation Date or other day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value0" means 1. 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Valuet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Underlying 
Reference Volatility Hedged Value on the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"W0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Wt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
provided that Wt on the Strike Date is W0. 
"WtTarget" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
WtTarget = Max [ Min (Max Exposure;
Target Volatility
Max (Vol xt;  Vol yt)) ; Min Exposure] 
provided that WtTarget on the Strike Date is W Target0. 
"Wt-1Target" means, in respect of an ACT Day, WtTarget on the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"Wt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, Wt on the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
If Lag 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i) 
 then "W*t+1" means WtTarget; 
(ii) 
 then "W*t+1" means WtTarget; or 
(iii) 
Otherwise, "W*t+1" means Wt. 
If Lag 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms then "W*1 = W1 = W0" means the percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
If the weighting on the immediately following day ("Wt+1") is equal to Wt and: 
 then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; 
𝑊𝑡= 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝑀𝑎𝑥 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑒; 𝑊𝑡
∗) 
𝑊𝑡> (1 + 𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡
𝑊𝑡< (1 −𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡
𝑊𝑡> (1 + 𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡

--- Page 514 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
514 
 
 
 then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; or 
Otherwise, "W*t+2" means Wt+1. 
If Wt+1 ≠ Wt and: 
(i) 
 then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; 
(ii) 
 then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; or 
(iii) 
Otherwise, "W*t+2" means Wt+1.  
8.2 
Greatest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and 
a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference Intraday Value for such Underlying 
Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; and 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference for all the 
MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period. 
(b) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Greatest Basket Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Basket Value for all 
the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Best Intraday 
Value for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Best Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Best Value for all the 
MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the highest for all MFP 
Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow Values;  
"Greatest Underlying Reference Value (Basket)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference in the 
Basket and a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying 
Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period;  
"Greatest Worst Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Worst Value for all 
the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; and 
𝑊𝑡< (1 −𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡
𝑊𝑡> (1 + 𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡−1
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 
𝑊𝑡< (1 −𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡−1
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡

--- Page 515 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
515 
 
 
"Worst Greatest Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Greatest Underlying 
Reference Value (Basket) for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such MFP Valuation 
Period. 
8.3 
Lowest Period Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Underlying Reference Intraday Value for such Underlying Reference 
for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; and 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Period, the lowest Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference for all the MFP 
Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period. 
(b) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Lowest Basket Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Basket Value for all 
the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Lowest Best Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Best Value for all the 
MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Lowest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest for all MFP 
Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow Values; 
"Lowest Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Worst 
Intraday Value for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; and 
"Lowest Worst Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Worst Value for all the 
MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period. 
8.4 
Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Average Underlying Reference TOM Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference TOM Values for such 
Underlying Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; and 
"Average Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying 
Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period;

--- Page 516 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
516 
 
 
(b) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the 
Basket Values for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Average Best Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Best 
Values for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the arithmetic average for all 
MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow Values; and 
"Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the 
Worst Values for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period. 
8.5 
Weighted Average Values for MFP Interest Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Weighted Average Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and 
a MFP Valuation Period, the sum of the values calculated for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP 
Valuation Period as (a) the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference for such MFP 
Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant MFP Date Weighting. 
(b) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Weighted Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the sum of the values 
calculated for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period as (a) the Basket Value for 
such MFP Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant MFP Date Weighting; 
"Weighted Average Best Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the sum of the values 
calculated for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period as (a) the Best Value for such 
MFP Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant MFP Date Weighting; 
"Weighted Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the sum of the 
values calculated for all MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period as (a) the relevant Rainbow 
Values (b) multiplied by the relevant MFP Date Weighting; and 
"Weighted Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the sum of the values 
calculated for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period as (a) the Worst Value for 
such MFP Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant MFP Date Weighting. 
9. 
VALUES

--- Page 517 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
517 
 
 
Any value specified in the applicable Final Terms and used in the calculation of Interest Rate, Payout 
and/or Entitlement Amount or related provision may be subject to a cap of the Maximum Value and/or 
a floor of the Minimum Value, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
10. 
FORMULAS CONSTITUENTS AND COMPLETION 
The constituent parts (each a "Formula Constituent") of any formula (each a "Formula") used in the 
Formulas Conditions and which are to be specified in the applicable Final Terms may be replaced in the 
applicable Final Terms by the prescribed amount, level, percentage or other value, as applicable for such 
Formula Constituent. 
If a Formula Constituent has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not applicable in respect of the 
relevant Notes, then the related Formula may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms by deleting 
such Formula Constituent. 
Any number or percentage to be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of these 
Formulas Conditions may be positive or negative, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
11. 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Unless otherwise specified, the calculation or determination of any amount or of any state of affairs, 
circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion required or permitted to be 
determined, formed or exercised pursuant to these Formulas Conditions will be calculated, determined, 
formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent. 
Any calculation, determination, formation of any opinion or exercise of any discretion by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to the Notes shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Noteholders. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any 
determination it may, to the extent permitted by any applicable law, inter alia, decide issues of 
construction and legal interpretation. In performing its duties pursuant to the Notes, the Calculation 
Agent shall, unless otherwise specified, act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Any 
delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its 
obligations or making any determination under the Notes shall not affect the validity or binding nature 
of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or determination, and none of the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear 
any liability (to the extent permitted by any applicable law) in respect of, or consequent upon, any such 
delay, deferral or forbearance.

--- Page 518 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
518 
 
 
ANNEX 2 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as Index Linked Notes shall comprise the terms and conditions of Notes (the "Base 
Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes set out below (the "Index Linked 
Note Conditions"), together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Base 
Conditions and (ii) the Index Linked Note Conditions, the Index Linked Note provisions shall prevail.  
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket of Indices" means a basket composed of each Index specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant securities; 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions; 
"Closing Level" means, in respect of an Index and a Scheduled Trading Day, either (i) the official closing 
level of such Index or (ii) the exchange delivery settlement price or its equivalent from exchange to 
exchange on such day, as indicated in the Final Terms and as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject 
as provided in Index Linked Note Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index); 
"Component Security" means, in respect of a Composite Index, each component security of such Index; 
"Component Security Index" means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if not 
so specified, any Index which the Calculation Agent determines to be such an Index; 
"Composite Index" means any Index which is either a Component Security Index or a Multi-Exchange 
Index; 
"Disrupted Day" means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor 
fails to publish the level of such Index, (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session, or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; and

--- Page 519 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
519 
 
 
(b) 
in respect of an Index that is not a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) 
the relevant Exchange and/or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or (ii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
"Early Closure" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in 
respect of any Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case 
may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business 
Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
and 
(b) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business 
Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the 
level of the relevant Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), 
as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
"Exchange" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, in respect of each Component Security, the principal stock 
exchange on which such Component Security is principally traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, in respect of such Index, each exchange 
or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor 
to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in the securities comprising such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the securities 
comprising such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day (Single 
Index Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (i) Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) or 
(ii) Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All 
Indices Basis) shall apply;

--- Page 520 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
520 
 
 
"Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which  
(a) 
in respect of any Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, 
if any, in respect of such Indices are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their 
Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Composite Indices: 
(i) 
the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Indices and  
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite Indices is open 
for trading during its regular trading session; or  
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such 
Composite Indices is open for trading during its regular trading session 
in each case, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)" means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are open for trading during their regular trading 
session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index; and  
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite Index is open 
for trading during its regular trading session; or  
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such 
Composite Index is open for trading during its regular trading session.

--- Page 521 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
521 
 
 
in each case, notwithstanding such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which:  
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are open for trading during their regular trading 
session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index; and  
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite Index is open 
for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such 
Composite Index is open for trading during its regular trading session.  
in each case, notwithstanding such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Index 
on the Related Exchange; and 
(b) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, on any relevant 
Exchange(s) in securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, 
or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating 
to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange;

--- Page 522 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
522 
 
 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Annex 2 (Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Index Linked Notes), the index or indices specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
"Index Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if none 
is so specified, one Settlement Cycle; 
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, 
related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular 
basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified for 
such Index in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of an Index and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the level of 
such Index at such time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Index 
Linked Note Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index); 
"Multi-Exchange Index" means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, any Index which the Calculation Agent determines to be such an Index; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All 
Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, "Related Exchange" 
shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Index; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Index Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or 
(ii) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Indices Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)" means any day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of any Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, 
if any, in respect of such Indices are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s); or

--- Page 523 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
523 
 
 
(b) 
in respect of any Composite Indices:  
(i) 
the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Indices; and  
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite Indices is scheduled to 
be open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such 
Composite Indices is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading 
session; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)" means, in respect of an Index, any day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s); or  
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Index; and  
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite Index is scheduled to 
be open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such 
Composite Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading 
session; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)" means any day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index:  
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Index; and

--- Page 524 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
524 
 
 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite Index is scheduled to 
be open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such 
Composite Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading 
session; 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Index, the period of Clearance System Days following a trade 
in the security comprising such Index on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange; 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each Note, 
and subject to the provisions of this Annex 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes) 
and as referred to in "Strike Date", "Averaging Date", "Observation Date" or "Valuation Date", as the 
case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices and in respect of each Index 
comprising the Basket of Indices, an amount (which shall be deemed to be a monetary value in 
the Index Currency) equal to the official closing level or official opening level, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, for such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of such Index determined by the Calculation 
Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at the Valuation Time on (i) if Averaging is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or (ii) if Averaging 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either case, multiplied by 
the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, an amount (which shall be deemed 
to be a monetary value in the Index Currency) equal to the official closing level or official 
opening level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of the Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of the Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at the Valuation 
Time on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date; 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, or if the Notes are Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Notes, an Exchange Business Day and 
the Valuation Date; and 
"Trading Disruption" means:

--- Page 525 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
525 
 
 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) 
relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or 
(ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Index on the Related Exchange; and 
(b) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange 
or otherwise: (i) on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or 
more of the level of the relevant Index; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the 
relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a) in respect of a Composite Index either: 
(i) 
A. 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(a) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect 
of the Exchange on which such Component Security is principally 
traded; 
(b) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
in respect of the Exchange on which such Component Security is 
principally traded; or 
(c) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
B. 
in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index only, the aggregate of all Component 
Notes in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an 
Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of 
such Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index, of: (A) a Trading Disruption; (B) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period

--- Page 526 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
526 
 
 
that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (C) an Early 
Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options contracts. 
In the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, for the purposes of determining whether a Market 
Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component Security at any time, if a Market Disruption 
Event occurs in respect of such Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage 
contribution of that Component Security to the level of such Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (x) the portion of the level of such Index attributable to that Component Security 
to (y) the overall level of such Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as 
published by the Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening data"; and 
(b) 
in the case of Indices other than Composite Indices, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines 
is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or 
(iii) an Early Closure. For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in 
respect of such Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
security included in such Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
security to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (A) the portion of the level 
of such Index attributable to that security and (B) the overall level of such Index, in each case 
immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
3. 
Adjustments to an Index 
 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") acceptable to the Calculation Agent, 
or (b) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then 
in each case that index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be the Index. 
 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (a) on or prior to the Strike Date, the last Averaging Date, the last Observation Date or the last Valuation 
Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material change in the formula 
for or the method of calculating a relevant Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other 
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes 
in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (an "Index Modification"), or

--- Page 527 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
527 
 
 
permanently cancels a relevant Index and no Successor Index exists (an "Index Cancellation"), or (b) on 
the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, the Index Sponsor or (if 
applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index (an "Index 
Disruption" and, together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an "Index 
Adjustment Event"), then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on 
the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant value, level or price using, in lieu of a published 
level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time on that Strike Date, that 
Valuation Date, that Observation Date or that Averaging Date, as the case may be, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index 
last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those securities that 
comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent may replace the relevant Index with a new similar index, multiplied, if 
need be by a linking coefficient to ensure continuity in the condition of the underlying of the 
Notes; or 
(iii) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Index Adjustment Event, Highest Value, Market 
Value or Monetisation Option are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Note 
Condition 16 (Notices). If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each 
Noteholder in respect of each Note, being redeemed at an amount equal to the fair market value 
of such Note, as the case may be, taking into account the Index Adjustment Event, less, except 
in the case of Italian Listed Notes or if unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, as applicable, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, payment being made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices); or 
(iv) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Index Adjustment Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market 
value of each Note taking into account the Index Adjustment Event less, except in the case of 
Italian Listed Notes or if unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Index Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable 
following the occurrence of the Index Adjustment Event (the "Calculated Index Adjustment 
Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount plus 
interest accrued from and including the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount Determination 
Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time or 
(y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable

--- Page 528 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
528 
 
 
Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
or 
(v) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some 
only of the Note and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note, held by such 
Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 
11(a); 
(vi) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some 
only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such 
Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 
11(b); 
(vii) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but 
not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held 
by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base 
Condition 11(c); or 
(viii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Index Adjustment Event constitutes a force 
majeure, and if Index Linked Note Condition 3.2(c)(vi) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance Base Condition 16 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of 
each Note held by such Noteholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a 
Note, taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than 
such costs that are unavoidable to early redeem the Notes at their fair market value) and no such 
costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the date notified to the 
Noteholders in the notice of early redemption.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Notes as it 
determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes.  
4. 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar 
(in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), of any determination made by it pursuant to paragraph 3.2 
above and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto and such the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear 
Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), shall make available for inspection by 
Noteholders copies of any such determinations.

--- Page 529 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
529 
 
 
5. 
Correction of Index 
If the level of the Index published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make 
any determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the 
relevant Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the relevant Successor Index Sponsor, (a) in respect of a 
Composite Index, no later than five Business Days following the date of the original publication, or (b) 
in respect of an Index which is not a Composite Index, within the number of days equal to the Index 
Correction Period of the original publication, the level to be used shall be the level of the Index as so 
corrected, except that any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to a due 
date for payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the level of the Index will be disregarded by 
the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
6. 
Futures Price Valuation  
If "Futures Price Valuation" is specified as applicable in relation to an Index in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of such Index, the following provisions shall apply to these Index Linked Note Conditions: 
"First Traded Price" means, in relation to each Cash Settled Note and subject to the provisions of this 
Annex 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes): 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices and in respect of each Index 
comprising the Basket of Indices, an amount (which shall be deemed to be a monetary value in 
the Index Currency) equal to the Actual First Traded Price of the relevant Current Exchange-
traded Contract in respect of such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, an amount (which shall be deemed 
to be a monetary value in the Index Currency) equal to the Actual First Traded Price of the 
relevant Current Exchange-traded Contract in respect of the Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Settlement Price Date. 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Note, and subject to the provisions of this Annex 2 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes): 
(a) in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices and in respect of each Index 
comprising the Basket of Indices, an amount (which shall be deemed to be a monetary value in 
the Index Currency) equal to the Official Settlement Price of the relevant Current Exchange-
traded Contract in respect of such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on (i) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or 
(ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either 
case, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and

--- Page 530 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
530 
 
 
(b) in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, an amount (which shall be deemed to 
be a monetary value in the Index Currency) equal to the Official Settlement Price of the relevant 
Current Exchange-traded Contract in respect of the Index as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date. 
For the purposes of determining whether a day is a Scheduled Trading Day where Futures Price Valuation 
applies in relation to any Index or (in the case of a Basket of Indices) any constituent Index any reference 
to such Index or constituent Index in the definition of Scheduled Trading Day will be deemed not to apply 
and instead a Scheduled Trading Day must be a day on which the Official Settlement Price or, if First 
Traded Price Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Actual First Traded Price, as 
applicable, is scheduled to be published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange in relation to each 
such Index to which Futures Price Valuation applies.  
Where Futures Price Valuation applies in relation to any Index or (in the case of a Basket of Indices) any 
constituent Index, an Exchange Business Day must be a day on which the relevant Futures or Options 
Exchange in relation to each such Index is open for trading during their regular trading session(s), 
notwithstanding any such Futures or Options Exchange closing prior to its scheduled weekday closing 
time on such Exchange Business Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the 
regular trading session hours. 
The Disrupted Day provisions in the Base Conditions and/or these Index Linked Note Conditions will 
not apply in relation to any Index or (in the case of a Basket of Indices, any Index comprising the Basket 
of Indices) in respect of which Futures Price Valuation applies, unless (other than in the case Single Final 
Payout - Leverage Factor Notes ) there is a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract, in which case the Disrupted Day provisions will apply to the relevant Index or constituent 
Index. 
For these purposes: 
"Actual First Traded Price" means the price at which the relevant Exchange-traded Contract is first 
traded on the relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house after 5:29:59 p.m. (Central 
European Time) (or any other time or timezone specified in the Final Terms) as appearing first on the list 
of prices for such time published on the Relevant Futures or Options Exchange Website (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) or the Relevant FTP Screen Page (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
as applicable, or, if such Relevant Futures or Options Exchange Website or Relevant FTP Screen Page is 
not available, such replacement website or page as the Calculation Agent shall select or, subject to Index 
Linked Note Condition 5.4 (Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract), 
if the Relevant Futures or Options Exchange Website or Relevant FTP Screen Page is not available and 
the Calculation Agent determines that no replacement website or page exists or no such price is published 
after such time, the price determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner by reference to such sources as it considers appropriate.

--- Page 531 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
531 
 
 
"Current Exchange-traded Contract" means (a) if the Notes are not Rolling Futures Contract Notes, 
the Exchange-traded Contract and (b) if the Notes are Rolling Futures Contract Notes, the futures contract 
determined pursuant to Index Linked Note Condition 5.2 (Rolling Futures Contract Notes) below. 
"Exchange-traded Contract" means, in relation to an Index, the futures or options contract(s) specified 
as such for the Index in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, identified by reference to (a) the Index 
to which it relates, (b) the Futures or Options Exchange on which each such contract is traded and (c)(i) 
if the Notes are not Rolling Futures Contract Notes, the delivery or expiry month of such contract or (ii) 
if the Notes are Rolling Futures Contract Notes, the specified period of each such contract and the Futures 
Rollover Date. 
"Futures or Options Exchange" means, in respect of an Index, the relevant exchange specified in the 
description of the Exchange-traded Contract for such Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Futures Rollover Date" means either:  
(a) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner within the period ("Futures Rollover Period") specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract" means there is no 
Official Settlement Price or, if First Traded Price Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Actual First Traded Price, as applicable, as a result of the fact that trading in the Exchange-traded 
Contract never commences or is permanently discontinued at any time on or prior to Valuation Date, 
Observation Date, Averaging Date or other date for valuation or observation or other relevant date, as the 
case may be, of the relevant Index. 
"Official Settlement Price" means the official settlement price (howsoever described under the rules of 
the relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house) of the relevant Exchange-traded Contract 
published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
“Protected Amount” means the amount, if any, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
7. 
Rolling Futures Contract Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are "Rolling Futures Contract Notes", the Notes will 
be valued by reference to futures contracts relating to the Index that have delivery or expiry months that 
do not correspond with the term of the Notes. In such case, on or prior to the Issue Date, the Calculation 
Agent will select an Exchange-traded Contract and for each following day until the Futures Rollover Date 
such futures contract will be the Current Exchange-traded Contract. On each Futures Rollover Date the 
Calculation Agent will select another Exchange-traded Contract and such contract shall be the Current

--- Page 532 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
532 
 
 
Exchange-traded Contract until the next occurring Futures Rollover Date. Notwithstanding the provisions 
of 9.3 (Adjustments to an Exchange-traded Contract) or 9.4 (Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of 
an Exchange-traded Contract) if on a Futures Rollover Date a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance 
of an Exchange-traded Contract occurs and it is impossible or materially impracticable for the Calculation 
Agent to select an Exchange-traded Contract and/or, unless Related Hedging is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, at such time hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes then: 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract, Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount 
to each Noteholder in respect of each Note, being redeemed at an amount equal to the fair market value 
of such Note taking into account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded 
Contract, less, except in the case of Italian Listed Notes or if Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices); 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the fair market value of each Note taking into account the Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract less, except in the case of Italian Listed Notes or if 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Contract 
Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (the "Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount 
Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from 
and including the Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount Determination Date to but excluding the 
Maturity Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination 
Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount 
(specified in the applicable Final Terms); or 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, on giving notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Notes 
and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and 
paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(a); 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, on giving notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Notes

--- Page 533 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
533 
 
 
and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and 
paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(b); or 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, on giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of 
the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(c); or 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract constitutes a force majeure, and if Index Linked Note Condition 9.2(vi) is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount 
in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of 
a Note taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than such 
costs that are unavoidable to early settle the Notes at their fair market value) and no such costs shall be 
deducted), such amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the date notified to the Noteholders in the notice 
of early redemption. 
8. 
Adjustments to an Exchange-traded Contract 
Without duplication of Index Linked Note Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index) or Index Linked Note 
Condition 4 (Correction of Index) (which shall govern in the event of a conflict), in the event that the 
terms of an Exchange-traded Contract are changed or modified by the Futures or Options Exchange, the 
Calculation Agent shall make the appropriate adjustment, if any, to any of the Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to account for such change or modification. 
9. 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract 
Where there is a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, the Official 
Settlement Price or Actual First Traded Price, as applicable, for any Valuation Date, Observation Date, 
Averaging Date or any other relevant date for valuation or observation, as the case may be, of the relevant 
Index shall be deemed to be the level of the relevant Index at the close of the regular trading session on 
the relevant Exchange or, in the case of a Composite Index, the time at which the official closing level of 
the Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor, in each case on the Valuation Date, 
Observation Date, Averaging Date or other relevant date. 
10. 
Correction of the Official Settlement Price or Actual First Traded Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Notes, if the Official Settlement Price or Actual First Traded Price 
published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination 
under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Futures or 
Options Exchange, (a) in respect of a Composite Index, no later than five Business Days following the

--- Page 534 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
534 
 
 
date of the original publication, or (b) in respect of an Index which is not a Composite Index, within the 
number of days equal to the Index Correction Period of the original publication, the Official Settlement 
Price or Actual First Traded Price, as applicable, to be used shall be the Official Settlement Price or Actual 
First Traded Price, as applicable, as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three 
Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Notes will be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid.

--- Page 535 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
535 
 
 
ANNEX 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as Share Linked Notes shall comprise the terms and conditions of Notes (the "Base 
Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes set out below (the "Share Linked 
Note Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
(i) the Base Conditions and (ii) the Share Linked Note Conditions, the Share Linked Note Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket Company" means each company specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and "Basket 
Companies" means all such companies; 
"Basket of Shares" means (a) a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in the weightings or numbers of Shares of each Basket Company specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (b) a Relative Performance Basket; 
"China Connect Disruption" means (a) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of orders 
(whether in respect of buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) through the China 
Connect Service, relating to the Share(s) on any relevant China Connect Exchange or (b) any event (other 
than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
the ability of the market participants in general to enter orders in respect of the Share(s) through the China 
Connect Service; 
"China Connect Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the China Connect 
Service prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by SEHK or 
any relevant China Connect Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the 
actual closing time for routing orders through the China Connect Service on such Exchange Business Day 
and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service system for 
execution on any relevant China Connect Exchange at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business 
Day; 
"China Connect Exchange" means each of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange 
and any other exchange in mainland China eligible for providing the China Connect Service from time to 
time; 
"China Connect Service" means the securities trading and clearing links programme developed by the 
China Connect Exchanges, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through which (a) SEHK and/or its affiliates 
provides order routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on any relevant 
China Connect Exchange and (b) CSDCC and HKSCC provides clearing, settlement, depository and 
other services in relation to such securities;

--- Page 536 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
536 
 
 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant Share; 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions; 
"Closing Price" means, in respect of a Share and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official closing price of 
such Share on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Share Linked 
Note Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share Linked Note Condition 5 (Extraordinary 
Events) (as amended where "GDR/ADR" or “Stapled Shares” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms);  
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (ii) a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred, or (iii) if "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the China 
Connect Service fails to open for routing orders during its regular order routing session; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business Day (Single 
Share Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (i) Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) or (ii) 
Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day 
(Per Share Basis) shall apply; 
"Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which (a) each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading in 
respect of all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading session(s) 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time

--- Page 537 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
537 
 
 
and (b) if “China Connect” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the China Connect 
Service is open for routing orders in respect of all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares and traded 
and cleared through the China Connect Service during its regular order routing sessions, notwithstanding 
the China Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which (a) the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Share 
are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant 
Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time and (b) if "China 
Connect" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such Share, the China 
Connect Service is open for routing orders in respect of such Share during its regular order routing 
sessions, notwithstanding the China Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange 
closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time and (b) if "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the China Connect Service is open for routing orders during its regular order 
routing sessions, notwithstanding the China Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (a) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, the Share(s) on the Exchange or (b) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to the Share(s) on any relevant Related 
Exchange; 
"Extraordinary Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Event, the date on which 
such Extraordinary Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner; 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Share and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the published 
or quoted price of such Share at such time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject 
as provided in Share Linked Note Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events)and Share Linked Note 
Condition 5 (Extraordinary Events) (as amended where "GDR/ADR" or “Stapled Shares” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms); 
“Italian Notes Reference Price” means the Prezzo di Riferimento, which means, in relation to a Share 
and a Scheduled Trading Day, the price for such Share published by the Italian Stock Exchange at the 
close of trading for such day and having the meaning ascribed thereto in the Rules of the Market organised 
and managed by the Italian Stock Exchange, as such Rules may be amended by the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
from time to time; 
“Protected Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 538 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
538 
 
 
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where “All 
Exchanges” is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, “Related Exchange” 
shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share; 
“Relative Performance Basket” means a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company specified 
in the applicable Final Terms where no weighting shall be applicable and where the Cash Settlement 
Amount shall be determined by reference to the Share which is either (a) the best performing, or (b) the 
worst performing, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Scheduled Trading Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Share Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) or (ii) 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (Per 
Share Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which 
(a) each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading in respect of all Shares 
comprised in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading session(s) and (b) if "China 
Connect" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the China Connect Service is scheduled 
to be open for routing orders for its regular order routing sessions; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which (a) the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to be open 
for trading during their respective regular trading session(s) and (b) if "China Connect" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such Share, the China Connect Service is scheduled 
to be open for routing orders for its regular order routing sessions; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)" means any day on which (a) the relevant Exchange and 
the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s) and (b) if "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the China 
Connect Service is scheduled to be open for routing orders for its regular order routing sessions; 
"Settlement Cycle" means in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Days following a trade 
in the Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such 
Exchange;

--- Page 539 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
539 
 
 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Cash Settled Note, and subject to the provisions of this 
Annex 3 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes) and as referred to in "Strike Date", 
"Averaging Date", "Observation Date" or "Valuation Date", as the case may be: 
(a) in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares and in respect of each Share 
comprising the Basket of Shares, an amount equal to the official closing price or the Italian Notes 
Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (or the price at the Valuation Time 
on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share on (i) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or 
(ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or, other than in 
the case of Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Notes, if in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such official closing price or Italian Notes Reference Price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market 
buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation 
Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) for such Share whose official closing price or Italian 
Notes Reference Price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date 
or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot 
be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations 
provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) 
engaged in the trading of such Share (or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall 
decide), multiplied by the relevant Weighting, such amount to be converted, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate, all as determined 
by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner; and 
(b) in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a single Share, an amount equal to the official closing 
price or the Italian Notes Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (or the 
price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for 
such Share on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date, or, other than in the case of Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Notes, if, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price or Italian Notes Reference

--- Page 540 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
540 
 
 
Price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined 
and the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted 
Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the 
closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the 
relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price 
at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the Share as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, either on the 
arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or 
more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the 
Share (or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide), such amount to be 
converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the 
Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or 
on behalf of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner;  
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, or if the Notes are Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Notes, an Exchange Business Day and 
the Valuation Date; 
"Shares" and "Share" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Annex 3 (Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Share Linked Notes), in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, 
each share and, in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a single Share, the share, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
"Share Company" means, in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a single Share, the company that 
has issued such Share; 
"Share Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if none 
is so specified, one Settlement Cycle;  
"Stapled Shares" mean the two or more shares that are attached to each other, such that: 
(a) 
each such share may not be held, owned, sold, transferred, purchased or otherwise dealt with as 
an individual share and may only be dealt with as a single unit of such attached shares; 
(b) 
such attached shares are issued with a single ISIN; and 
(c) 
where applicable, such attached shares are listed and admitted to trading as a single unit, each 
constituent share comprising the Stapled Shares being a "Stapled Share Constituent"; and

--- Page 541 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
541 
 
 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Share 
on the Exchange; or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Notes relating to a single Share or a Basket of Shares, 
in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, 
which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (c) an Early Closure or (d) if "China Connect" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (i) a China Connect Disruption which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
or (ii) a China Connect Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or a Valuation Date as the case may be. 
3. 
Potential Adjustment Events 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way 
of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (i) such Shares or 
(ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, equally 
or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares or (iii) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Basket Company or 
Share Company, as the case may be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (iv) 
any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash 
or in other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(c) an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
a call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in respect of relevant Shares 
that are not fully paid;

--- Page 542 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
542 
 
 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or Share Company or its subsidiaries, as 
the case may be, of relevant Shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, an event that results in 
any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or 
other shares of the capital stock of such Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may 
be, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, certificates, 
warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall 
be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment Event, the 
date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, of the terms 
of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will (a) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, 
to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery 
Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no 
adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate 
or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (b) determine the effective date of that adjustment. The 
Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment 
in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the Shares 
traded on that options exchange. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Notes as it 
determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), stating 
the adjustment to any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery

--- Page 543 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
543 
 
 
Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event and the Potential 
Adjustment Event Effective Date. 
4. 
Dividend Event  
If "Dividend Protection" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the 
occurrence of a Dividend Event during the period from, but excluding, the Issue Date, to, and including, 
the Maturity Date as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, the Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, and unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, adjust the values and level indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms by multiplying such levels by the Adjustment Factor K (rounded to the fourth 
decimal digit).  
Upon the making of any such adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Dividend 
Event and providing details of the relevant adjustments, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt 
of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
Where: 
"Actual Dividend" means, in respect of any Business Day (i) if the distribution is made in cash, 100% 
of the gross cash dividend per Share declared by the Share Company, as the case may be, to holders of 
record of a Share and for which the Ex-Dividend Date falls on such Business Day; and (ii) if the 
distribution is made otherwise, a dividend amount per share as determined by the Calculation Agent as 
equal to the fair market value of the distributed assets on the relevant Ex-Dividend Date and for which 
the Ex-Dividend Date falls on such day; and (iii) if no distribution is made for which the Ex-Dividend 
Date falls on such Business Day, zero.  
Where a distribution is announced which may, at the election of the relevant shareholder, be satisfied by 
a payment of cash or a distribution of shares, the distribution shall be treated as a cash dividend in an 
amount equal to such cash amount.  
"Adjustment Factor K" means the factor calculated in accordance with the following formula and 
rounded to the eight decimal digit: 
Adjustment Factor K =
Cum Reference Price−Actual Dividend 
Cum Reference Price−Scheduled Dividend  
"Cap Level" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Cum Reference Price" means the official closing price of the Shares on the Exchange Business Day 
preceding the Ex-Dividend Date.

--- Page 544 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
544 
 
 
"Dividend Event" means that on any Business Day either:  
(i) the Actual Dividend declared by the Share Company, in respect of the Share in relation to which 
the Ex-Dividend Date falls on such Business Day differs from the amount of the Scheduled 
Dividend for such Business Day; or  
(ii) the Scheduled Dividend for such Business Day is greater than zero, but there is no Actual 
Dividend declared by the Share Company, in relation to which the Ex-Dividend Date falls on 
such Business Day.  
"Ex-Dividend Date" means either (i) the first Business Day following the declaration of a distribution 
on which a holder of a Share on such Business Day is not entitled to receive such distribution or (ii) each 
Scheduled Ex-Date.  
"Scheduled Dividend" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Scheduled Ex-Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms.  
5. 
Extraordinary Events 
 
The occurrence of any of De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, Stapling, Tender Offer 
(unless Tender Offer is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), or, if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Illiquidity, Listing Change, Listing Suspension, CSR Event, 
China Connect Share Disqualification or China Connect Service Termination, as the case may be, shall 
be deemed to be an "Extraordinary Event", the consequences of which are set forth in Share Linked Note 
Condition 5.2 (Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event): 
"China Connect Share Disqualification" means, on or after the Trade Date, the Shares cease to be 
accepted as "China Connect Securities" (as defined in the rules of SEHK) for the purposes of the China 
Connect Service. 
"China Connect Service Termination" means, on or after the Trade Date, the announcement by any one 
or more of the China Connect Exchanges, SEHK, the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of a suspension or termination of the China Connect Service or a part thereof for 
any reason which materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the Shares through 
the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that 
such suspension or termination is not, or will not be, temporary. 
"CSDCC" means the China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation. 
"CSR Event" means, in respect of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, any negative change 
in any Non-Financial Rating of a Basket Company when compared to such Non-Financial Rating as at 
the Issue Date of the first tranche of the Series, if such change is material, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 545 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
545 
 
 
"De-Listing" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules 
of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange 
for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded 
or re-quoted on (a) where the Exchange is located in the United States, any of the New York Stock 
Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their respective 
successors) or (b) a comparable exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of the European 
Union). 
"HKSCC" means the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited. 
"Illiquidity" means, in respect of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, that, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, during any period of five consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, 
notwithstanding the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, falling after the Issue Date (the “Relevant Period”), 
(a) the difference between the bid prices and the ask prices in respect of a Share during the Relevant 
Period is greater than 1 per cent. (based on an arithmetic mean average over the Relevant Period), and/or 
(b) the arithmetic mean average purchase price or the arithmetic mean average selling price, determined 
by the Calculation Agent from the order book of the relevant Share on the relevant Exchange during the 
Relevant Period, in relation to the purchase or sale of Shares with a value equal to or greater than EUR 
10,000.00, is greater than MID plus 1 per cent. (in relation to a purchase of Shares) or lower than the MID 
minus 1 per cent. (in relation to a sale of Shares). For these purposes, "MID" means an amount equal to 
(i) the sum of the bid price and the ask price, in each case for the relevant Share at the relevant time, (ii) 
divided by two. 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, (a) all the Shares of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case 
may be, are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the 
Shares of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, become legally prohibited from 
transferring them. 
"Listing Change" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that such Shares cease (or will cease) to be 
listed, traded or publicly quoted on the listing compartment or the relevant market of the Exchange on 
which such Shares were listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, for any 
reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer). 
"Listing Suspension" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the listing of such Shares on the 
Exchange has been suspended. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any: 
(a) 
reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person,

--- Page 546 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
546 
 
 
(b) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of a Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding),  
(c) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or 
person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such 
other entity or person), or  
(d) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Basket Company or its 
subsidiaries or the Share Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be, with or into another 
entity in which the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding 
but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding 
Shares immediately following such event,  
in each case if the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is on or before (i) in the case of Cash 
Settled Notes, the last occurring Valuation Date or where Averaging is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Note or (ii) in the case of Physical Delivery 
Notes, the relevant Redemption Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the Basket Company 
or Share Company, as the case may be, are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Non-Financial Rating" means the rating assigned to the Basket Company by the relevant non-financial 
rating agency being an entity assigning ratings based on corporate social responsibility (including 
corporate governance and ethical business conduct, social and human resources policy, environmental 
protection policy and social initiatives) (each such agency, a "Non-Financial Rating Agency"). 
"SEHK" means the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
"Stapling" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Share becomes a Stapled Share 
Constituent. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding voting shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as

--- Page 547 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
547 
 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-
regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant.Consequences of 
the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event: 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share, the Issuer may take any of the relevant actions 
described in (a), (c) or (d) (in the case of Notes relating either to a single Share or a Basket of Shares) or, 
(b) or (e) below (in the case of Notes relating to a Basket of Shares) as it deems appropriate: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event and determine the effective date of 
that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to 
account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the 
Shares or to the Notes. The Calculation Agent may (but do not need to) determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the relevant Extraordinary Event made 
by any options exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options exchange. In addition, 
in relation to a Basket of Shares, the Calculation Agent may adjust the Basket of Shares in 
accordance with the provisions of subparagraph (e) below; 
(b) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, redeem in part by giving notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). If the Notes are so redeemed in 
part the portion (the "Redeemed Amount") of each Note, representing the affected Share(s) shall 
be redeemed and the Issuer will: 
(i) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, pay to each 
Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and 
paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(a);  
(ii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, pay to each 
Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and 
paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(b); or 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Extraordinary Event constitutes a force 
majeure, and if Share Linked Note Condition 5.2(b)(iii) is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer will pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note 
held by such Noteholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of the 
Redeemed Amount, taking into account such event (provided that no account will be 
taken of costs (other than such costs that are unavoidable to early redemption in part 
the Notes at the Redeemed Amount) and no such costs shall be deducted), such amount 
to be paid to the Noteholders on the date notified to the Noteholders in the notice of 
partial redemption; or

--- Page 548 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
548 
 
 
(iv) 
otherwise, pay to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him an amount equal 
to the fair market value of the Redeemed Amount taking into account the relevant 
Extraordinary Event, less, unless if Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(v) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for such redemption in part. 
For the avoidance of doubt the remaining part of each Note after such settlement and adjustment 
shall remain outstanding with full force and effect. Payments will be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices); 
(c) 
(i)  
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, Highest Value, 
Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 
(Notices) redeem all but not some only of the Notes at the amount equal to the fair 
market value of such Note, taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event, less, 
except in the case of Italian Listed Notes Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, payment being 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices); or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair 
market value of such Note taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event, less, 
except in the case of Italian Listed Notes Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Extraordinary Event 
Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary 
Event (the "Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date") and on the 
Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to (x) the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount plus interest accrued from and 
including the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) 
if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable

--- Page 549 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
549 
 
 
Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable Final 
Terms); or 
(iii) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in 
respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date 
determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(a);  
(iv) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in 
respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date 
determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(b); or 
(v) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an 
amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such 
date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(c); 
(vi) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event constitutes a force 
majeure, and if Share Linked Note Condition 5.2(c)(vi) is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer will, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each 
Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder, which amount 
shall be equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account such event 
(provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than such costs that are 
unavoidable to early redeem the Notes at their fair market value) and no such costs shall 
be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the date notified to the 
Noteholders in the notice of early redemption; or 
(d) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on such 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer shall select (the "Options Exchange"), require 
the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or 
the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms, which adjustment will be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange. 
If options on the Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will 
make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement 
(in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of

--- Page 550 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
550 
 
 
the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines 
appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to 
account for the relevant Extraordinary Event, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded; 
or 
(e) 
on or after the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date, the Calculation Agent may adjust 
the Basket of Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share 
selection set out below (each, a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each, an "Affected Share") 
of each Basket Company (each, an "Affected Basket Company") which is affected by such 
Extraordinary Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be a "Share" and the relevant 
issuer of such shares a "Basket Company" for the purposes of the Notes, and the Calculation 
Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting 
and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms 
as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable under the Notes was 
to be determined by reference to the Initial Price of the Affected Share, the Initial Price of each 
Substitute Share will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Initial Price = Α × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Valuation Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Valuation Date or, in the case of a Stapling, the official closing price of the relevant 
Aggected Sgare in the Schedeled Trading Day immediately preceeding the Extraordinary Event 
Effective Date. 
"Substitution Valuation Date" is the date selected as such by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below 
which may, but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date.

--- Page 551 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
551 
 
 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the Weighting 
of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must satisfy the following criteria, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner: 
(i) where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and the relevant 
share is not already included in the Basket of Shares, the relevant share shall be an ordinary 
share of the entity or person (other than the Affected Basket Company) involved in the 
Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer that is, or that as of the relevant 
Extraordinary Event Effective Date is promptly scheduled to be, (A) publicly quoted, traded 
or listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the relevant 
Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the European Union, in any member 
state of the European Union) and (B) not subject to any currency exchange controls, trading 
restrictions or other trading limitations; or 
(ii) where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and a share 
would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in paragraph (i) above, but such share is already 
included in the Basket of Shares or such Share does not satisfy the criteria set out in 
paragraph (i) above, or in the case of an Extraordinary Event other than a Merger Event or 
a Tender Offer: 
(A) the relevant issuer of the share shall belong to the same economic sector as the Affected 
Basket Company;  
(B) the relevant issuer of the share shall have a comparable market capitalisation, 
international standing and exposure as the Affected Basket Company; and 
(C) in the case of the occurrence of a CSR Event only, the relevant issuer of the share shall 
have a comparable Non-Financial Rating to the Affected Basket Company. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Stapling, the Affected Share may be substituted 
with the Stapled Shares and the provisions of Share Linked Note Condition 13 shall apply in 
respect of such Stapled Shares. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that more than one Extraordinary Event occurs in respect of a Share 
Company or a Basket Company, which are not connected and have different consequences pursuant to 
this Share Linked Note Condition 5.2, the Calculation Agent will determine which such Extraordinary 
Event and related consequences shall apply acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment 
in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as 
practicable, and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Base Condition 16 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Extraordinary Event, giving details thereof and

--- Page 552 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
552 
 
 
the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto including, in the case of a Share Substitution, the 
identity of the Substitute Shares and the Substitution Valuation Date. 
 
Hedging Liquidity Event 
"Hedging Liquidity Event" means that, at any time after the Listing Date of the Notes, the volume of 
Shares held by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in relation to any hedging arrangements in respect 
of the Notes is above the Maximum Hedging Liquidity Level; 
"Maximum Hedging Liquidity Level" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if not so specified, 50 per cent. of the daily average volume of the transactions on the Shares 
on the Exchange over the last 6 month time period appearing on the relevant Screen Page. 
 
Consequences of a Hedging Liquidity Event 
If Hedging Liquidity Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent a Hedging Liquidity Event occurs in relation to a Share, the Issuer 
may immediately redeem all but not some only of the Notes at the amount equal to the fair market value 
of such Note taking into account the relevant Hedging Liquidity Event, less, except in the case of Italian 
Listed Notes Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Notice of 
redemption will be given to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable following determination of the occurrence of the Hedging Liquidity Event and payments will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders. 
6. 
Correction of Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment or delivery under the Notes, if the price of the relevant Share published on a 
given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Exchange within the number of 
days equal to the Share Correction Period of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the 
price of the relevant Share as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three Business 
Days prior to a due date for payment or delivery under the Notes will be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount. 
7. 
Dividend Payment 
If "Dividend Payment" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the following 
provisions shall apply to the Notes: 
(a) In the event that on or after the Issue Date a Cash Dividend is paid by the Share Company or Basket 
Company, as the case may be, notwithstanding any provisions in these Terms and Conditions to the

--- Page 553 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
553 
 
 
contrary, the Calculation Agent shall calculate (i) the relevant Distributed Amount and (ii) the 
relevant Dividend Date. 
(b) As soon as practicable following the Dividend Date, the Issuer shall give notice (a "Cash Dividend 
Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) of the Cash Dividend 
and the relevant Cash Dividend Payment Date and the Issuer, or failing which the Guarantor, if 
applicable, shall pay to each Noteholder on the Cash Dividend Payment Date an amount equal to 
the Cash Dividend Amount in respect of each Note held by him on the Cash Dividend Payment 
Date, provided that if the relevant Dividend Date has not occurred prior to the Maturity Date, the 
Issuer shall not be obliged to pay such Cash Dividend Amount and the Issuer and/or the Guarantor, 
if applicable, shall have no further obligation in respect thereof. 
(c) The Cash Dividend Notice shall specify the manner in which the Cash Dividend Amount shall be 
paid to each Noteholder. 
For the purposes of this Share Linked Note Condition 7 the following definitions shall apply: 
"Cash Dividend" means any cash dividend paid by the Share Company or Basket Company in respect 
of a Share; 
"Cash Dividend Amount" means, in respect of a Note, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the Distributed Amount less a pro rata share of Dividend Expenses, such amount to be converted 
into the Settlement Currency at an exchange rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on or as soon as practicable after the Dividend Date; 
"Cash Dividend Payment Date" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Cash Dividend Notice; 
"Distributed Amount" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the amount of such dividend paid by the 
Share Company in respect of a Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Dividend Date" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the date on which such Cash Dividend would be 
received by a holder of the Share as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner; and 
"Dividend Expenses" means all present, future or contingent withholding, capital gain, profit, 
transactional or business tax or other similar tax or duty (including stamp duty) and/or expenses (including 
any applicable depositary charges, transaction charges, issue, registration, transfer and/or other expenses) 
which the Calculation Agent determines have been or may be deducted and/or may arise or may have 
arisen in respect of the Cash Dividend and/or any payment of the Cash Dividend Amount in respect of 
the Notes. 
8. 
GDR/ADR

--- Page 554 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
554 
 
 
Share Linked Note Conditions 9 (Definitions relating to GDR/ADR) to 13 (Extraordinary Events 
GDR/ADR) (inclusive) apply where "GDR/ADR" is specified as applicable in respect of the share 
specified to be GDRs/ADRs in the applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
Definitions relating to GDR/ADR 
"ADR" means an American Depositary Receipt; 
"Conversion Event" means any event which in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner results (or will result) in the GDRs and/or ADRs being 
converted into Underlying Shares or any other listed Notes of the issuer of the Underlying Shares; 
"GDR" means a Global Depositary Receipt; and 
"Underlying Shares" means the shares underlying an ADR or GDR, as the case may be. 
10. General (GSR/ADR) 
Save where specifically provided under the Final Terms, all references in the Base Conditions and the 
Share Linked Note Conditions to the "Shares" shall in respect of the shares specified to be GDRs/ADRs, 
be deemed to be to the GDRs or ADRs, as applicable, and/or the Underlying Shares, references to the 
"Share Company" or "Basket Company", as applicable, shall be deemed to be to the issuer of the GDRs 
or ADRs, as the case may be, and the issuer of the Underlying Shares, and references to the "Exchange" 
shall be deemed to be to the exchange or quotation system on which the GDRs or ADRs, as the case may 
be, are listed and the exchange or quotation system on which the Underlying Shares are listed, and with 
such additional or alternative modifications as the Calculation Agent may consider necessary or otherwise 
desirable provided that any such amendment is not materially prejudicial to the Noteholders. 
11. Share Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Share Event, the Issuer may take the action described in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), 
(d) or (e), as applicable, of Share Linked Note Condition 5.2 (Consequences of the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event). The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Base Condition 16 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Share Event, giving details thereof and the 
action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
"Share Event" means each of the following events: 
(a) written instructions have been given by the Issuer or a Qualified Investor to the depositary of the 
Underlying Shares to withdraw or surrender the Underlying Shares; 
(b) the termination of the deposit agreement in respect of the Underlying Shares.

--- Page 555 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
555 
 
 
If an event constitutes both a Share Event and an Additional Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent 
shall, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine which of these events 
such event constitutes. 
12. Potential Adjustment Event (GDR/ADR) 
The following additional event shall be deemed added to paragraph (b) of the definition of Potential 
Adjustment Event in Share Linked Note Condition 3 (Potential Adjustments Events): 
"and/or a distribution in respect of the Underlying Shares of property other than cash, shares or rights 
relating to any Underlying Shares to the holder of the Underlying Shares". 
13. Extraordinary Events (GDR/ADR) 
The following additional events shall be deemed added to the first paragraph of Share Linked Note 
Condition 5.1 after the words "as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms)": 
"Conversion Event, Share Event". 
14. Stapled Shares  
Share Linked Note Conditions 14 to 20 (inclusive) apply where “Stapled Shares” is specified as applicable 
in respect of shares specified to be Stapled Shares in the applicable Final Terms. 
15. General (Stapled Shares) 
Except as provided in Share Linked Note Condition 16, Share Linked Note Condition 17 and Share 
Linked Note Condition 18 below and save where specifically provided under the Final Terms, all 
references in the Base Conditions and the Share Linked Note Conditions to the “Shares” or a “Share” 
shall, in respect of the shares specified to be Stapled Shares, be deemed to be to the “Stapled Shares” or 
a “Stapled Share Constituent”, as applicable, references to the “Share Company” or “Basket Company”, 
as applicable, shall be deemed to be to each issuer of a Stapled Share Constituent. 
16. Potential Adjustment Events (Stapled Shares) 
References to "Shares" in Share Linked Note Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) shall be deemed 
to be references to "Stapled Shares and each Stapled Share Constituent". 
17. Extraordinary Events (Stapled Shares) 
References to "Shares" in the definitions of Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation and Stapling and 
related provisions in Share Linked Note Condition 5 (Extraordinary Events) shall be deemed to be 
references to "Stapled Share Constituent".

--- Page 556 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
556 
 
 
The following additional events shall be deemed added to the first paragraph of Share Linked Note 
Condition 5.1 after the words "as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms)": 
"De-Stapling". 
18. Dividend Payment (Stapled Shares) 
References to "Share" (other than in "Share Company") in Share Linked Note Condition 7 (Dividend 
Payment) shall be deemed to be references to "Stapled Share Constituent". 
19. De-Stapling 
Upon the occurrence of a De-Stapling, the Issuer may take the action described in paragraphs (a), (c) or 
(d) of Share Linked Note Condition 5.2 (in the case of Note relating to either a single unit of Stapled 
Shares or a Basket of Shares comprising one or more Stapled Shares) or the action described in paragraph 
(b) of Share Linked Note Condition 5.2 or in Share Linked Note Condition 20 below (in respect of a 
Basket of Shares comprising one or more Stapled Shares). The Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) stating the occurrence of 
the De-Stapling, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
“De-Stapling” means the Stapled Shares become detached, such that: 
(i) 
one or more Stapled Share Constituent may be held, owned, sold, transferred, purchased and 
otherwise dealt with as an individual share; and/or 
(ii) 
where applicable, one or more Stapled Share Constituent shall be listed and admitted to trading 
separately. 
20. Substitution following the occurrence of a De-Stapling 
If the Issuer elects to substitute the Stapled Shares following the occurrence of a De-Stapling in 
accordance with Share Linke Note Condition 19, on or after the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective 
Date, the Calculation Agent will adjust the Basket of Shares to substitute one or more shares selected by 
it in accordance with the criteria set out below (the "Substitute Share") for the Stapled Shares (the 
"Affected Stapled Shares") affected by such De-Stapling and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be 
a "Share" and the relevant issuer of such shares a "Basket Company" for the purposes of the Notes, and 
the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or 
the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or 
any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, provided 
that, in the event that any amount payable under the Notes was to be determined by reference to the Initial 
Price of the Affected Stapled Shares, the Initial Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 557 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
557 
 
 
Initial Price = Α × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on the Substitution 
Valuation Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the Affected Stapled Shares; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the Affected Stapled Shares on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately 
preceding the Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
"Substitution Valuation Date" is the date selected as such by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be effective as 
of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, 
be the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of the Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the Weighting of the 
relevant Affected Stapled Shares. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must satisfy the following criteria, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(i) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall belong to the same economic sector as the issuers of the Affected 
Stapled Shares; and 
(ii) the relevant issuer of the share shall have a comparable market capitalisation, international standing 
and exposure as the issuers of the Affected Stapled Shares.

--- Page 558 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
558 
 
 
ANNEX 4 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as ETI Linked Notes shall comprise the terms and conditions of Notes (the "Base 
Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Linked Notes set out below (the "ETI Linked 
Note Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
(i) the Base Conditions and (ii) the ETI Linked Note Conditions, the ETI Linked Note Conditions shall prevail.  
ETI Share Provisions not applicable 
If ETI Share Provisions is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, ETI Linked Note Conditions 
1 to 8 (inclusive) shall apply. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that an Extraordinary ETI Event occurs in respect of one or more ETI 
Interests or the related ETI comprising the ETI Basket which has or, in the event that an Extraordinary 
ETI Event has occurred in respect of more than one ETI, together have, a Weighting in the ETI Basket 
equal to or greater than the Basket Trigger Level;  
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or if not so specified, 
50 per cent; 
"Calculation Date" means each day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
each day which is an Exchange Business Day; 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant ETI Interest; 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions; 
"Closing Price" means, in respect of an ETI and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official closing price (or 
if Value per ETI Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Value per ETI 
Interest) in respect of the relevant ETI Interest in relation to such day as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, subject as provided in ETI Linked Note Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) or ETI Linked 
Note Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI Events);

--- Page 559 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
559 
 
 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred; 
"Dividend Event" means that with reference to the later of (i) the two financial years prior to the Trade 
Date, and (ii) the two financial years prior to the relevant observation date, the ETI has implemented a 
material change to its practice with respect to the payment of dividends; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; 
"ETI" means (i) any exchange traded fund, (ii) the issuer of (A) an exchange traded note, (B) exchange 
traded commodity or (C) any other exchange traded product or (iii) any other exchange traded entity 
specified as an ETI in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ETI Basket" means, where the ETI Linked Notes are linked to the performance of ETI Interests of more 
than one ETI, a basket comprising such ETI Interests; 
"ETI Documents" means with respect to any ETI Interest, the offering document of the relevant ETI in 
effect on the Hedging Date specifying, among other matters, the terms and conditions relating to such 
ETI Interests and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements in respect of the ETI, 
as may be further described in any ETI Document; 
"ETI Interest(s)" means (i) in respect of an exchange traded fund, an ownership interest issued to or held 
by an investor in such ETI, (ii) in respect of an exchange traded note or an exchange traded commodity, 
a unit or note, as the case may be, issued by such ETI, or (iii) in respect of any other exchange traded 
product, any other interest specified as an ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ETI Interest Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if 
none is so specified, one Settlement Cycle; 
"ETI Related Party" means, in respect of any ETI, any person who is appointed to provide services 
(howsoever described in any ETI Documents), directly or indirectly, in respect of such ETI, whether or 
not specified in the ETI Documents, including any advisor, manager, administrator, operator, 
management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, 
registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent, sponsor or general partner and any other person specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms and in the case of an exchange traded note or exchange traded 
commodity, the calculation agent;

--- Page 560 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
560 
 
 
"Exchange" means in relation to an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for the relevant ETI in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the ETI Interest has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to such ETI Interest on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single ETI Interest, Exchange Business Day 
(Single ETI Interest Basis) or (ii) in the case of an ETI Basket, (a) Exchange Business Day (All ETI 
Interests Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, 
Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis) shall apply; 
"Exchange Business Day (All ETI Interests Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Basket, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading in respect 
of all ETI Interests comprised in the ETI Basket during their respective regular trading session(s) 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such ETI Interest are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding 
any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are 
open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant 
Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, the ETI Interest on the Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to the ETI Interest on any relevant Related 
Exchange; 
"Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary ETI Event, the date 
on which such Extraordinary ETI Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent, an affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations 
in respect of the Notes or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical Investor,

--- Page 561 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
561 
 
 
who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will 
hold or be deemed to hold such number of ETI Interests, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement 
to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number of ETI Interests as it 
(or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent 
issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant Notes; 
"Hedging Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of ETI Interests that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates deems 
necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes; 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in the context of the relevant situation) in an ETI Interest which is deemed to have the benefits and 
obligations, as provided in the relevant ETI Documents, of an investor holding an ETI Interest at the 
relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or 
organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation 
Agent or any of their Affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant 
situation); 
"Implied Embedded Option Value" means, an amount (which may never be less than zero) equal to the 
present value as of the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date, of any scheduled but unpaid 
payments under the Notes in respect of the period from (and including) the Extraordinary ETI Event 
Effective Date to (and including) the Maturity Date as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner but, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained herein, taking into account, without limitation, such factors as the net proceeds actually 
received from the redemption or sale of any ETI Interests by the Hedge Provider, the volatility of the ETI 
Interests and any transaction costs; 
"Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date" means the date determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be the first date on which it is possible to determine the Implied Embedded Option Value 
following the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event; 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, the Hedging Date; 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an ETI and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the published 
or quoted price (or if Value per ETI Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Value per ETI Interest) in respect of the relevant ETI Interest in relation to such time on such day as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in ETI Linked Note Condition 3 (Potential 
Adjustment Events) or ETI Linked Note Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI Events);

--- Page 562 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
562 
 
 
"Investment/AUM Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, EUR 50,000,000 or the equivalent in any other currency; 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any ETI Interest in an amount equal to the 
Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate; 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means in respect of an ETI Interest, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Interests and Entity, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such ETI Interests that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such ETI Interests outstanding to another entity or person,  
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an ETI with or 
into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share/unit/interest exchange in which such ETI, is the continuing entity and which does not result 
in a reclassification or change of all of such ETI Interests outstanding),  
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or 
person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETI Interests of an ETI 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETI Interests (other 
than such ETI Interests owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or  
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an ETI or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the ETI is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such ETI Interests outstanding but results in the 
outstanding ETI Interests (other than ETI Interests owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding 
ETI Interests immediately following such event,  
in each case if the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date is on or before (a) in the case of Cash 
Settled Notes, the last occurring Valuation Date or (b) in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, the Maturity 
Date. For the purposes of this definition only, "Interests" shall mean the applicable ETI Interests or the 
shares of any applicable ETI Related Party, as the context may require, and "Entity" shall mean the 
applicable ETI or any applicable ETI Related Party, as the context may require; 
"Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount" means an amount per Note determined by the sum 
of: 
(i) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value on the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination 
Date; and

--- Page 563 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
563 
 
 
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Simple Interest; 
"Number of Value Publication Days" means the number of calendar days or Value Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, being the maximum number of days after the due date for 
publication or reporting of the Value per ETI Interest after which the ETI Related Party or any entity 
fulfilling such role, howsoever described in the ETI Documents, or any other party acting on behalf of 
the ETI, may remedy any failure to publish or report the Value per ETI Interest before the Calculation 
Agent may determine that an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred; 
"Principal Protected Termination Amount" means an amount per Note determined as: 
(i) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
A. 
the greater of: 
(1) 
the Protected Amount; and 
(2) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
B. 
the Simple Interest; 
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is not specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Implied Embedded Option Value; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Related Exchange" means in relation to an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to such ETI Interest has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such 
ETI Interest on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable 
Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such ETI Interest; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single ETI and in relation to an ETI Interest, 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis) or (ii) in the case of an ETI Basket, (a) Scheduled 
Trading Day (All ETI Interest Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis), in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable 
Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis) shall apply;

--- Page 564 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
564 
 
 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Basket, any day on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange(s) are scheduled to be open for trading in respect of all 
ETI Interests comprised in the ETI Basket during their respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any day on 
which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such ETI Interest are 
scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s); 
"Settlement Cycle" means in respect of an ETI Interest, the period of Clearance System Days following 
a trade in the ETI Interest on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the 
rules of such Exchange; 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms and subject to the 
provisions of these ETI Linked Note Conditions and as referred to in "Valuation Date" or "Averaging 
Date", as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to an ETI Basket and in respect of each ETI Interest 
comprising the ETI Basket, an amount equal to:  
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the official 
closing price, the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such ETI Interest on;  
(A) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date; 
or  
(B) 
if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date (or if 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the 
price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so 
determined and the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not 
a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to 
the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market 
buying price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the 
closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation 
Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) for such ETI Interest whose official

--- Page 565 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
565 
 
 
closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
cannot be determined based, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, either on the arithmetic 
mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two 
or more financial institutions or applicable brokers (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of such ETI Interest or on such other 
factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide); or  
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the Value per 
ETI Interest, the Value per ETI Interest for such ETI Interest on:  
(A) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date; 
or  
(B) 
if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, in 
each case multiplied by the relevant Weighting, such value to be converted, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the 
Exchange Rate, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a single ETI Interest, an amount equal to:  
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the official closing 
price, the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date 
or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
quoted on the relevant Exchange for such ETI Interest on:  
(A) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date; 
or  
(B) 
if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date (or 
if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or 
the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so 
determined and the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is 
not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair 
market buying price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price 
at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the ETI Interest 
based, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a

--- Page 566 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
566 
 
 
commercially reasonable manner, either on the arithmetic mean of the 
foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more 
financial institutions or applicable brokers (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) engaged in the trading of such ETI Interest or on such other factors as 
the Calculation Agent shall decide); or  
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the Value per 
ETI Interest, the Value per ETI Interest on:  
(A) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date; 
or  
(B) 
if Averaging is specified on the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, in 
each case, such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted 
amount to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Simple Interest" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount of interest 
that would accrue on the Termination Amount during the period from (and including) the Implied 
Embedded Option Value Determination Date to (and excluding) the later of (i) the Maturity Date, as the 
case may be, or (ii) the date falling five Business Days after the Implied Embedded Option Value 
Determination Date calculated on the basis that such interest were payable by the Floating Rate Payer 
under an interest rate swap transaction incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. under which: 
A. 
the "Effective Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date; 
B. 
the "Termination Date" is the Termination Date; 
C. 
the "Floating Rate Payer Payment Date" is the Termination Date; 
D. 
the "Floating Rate Option" is EUR-EONIA-Swap Index (if the Settlement Currency is EUR) or 
USD-Federal Funds-H.15 (if the Settlement Currency is USD); 
E. 
the "Simple Interest Spread" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified 
minus 0.125 per cent.; 
F. 
the "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" is Actual/360; 
G. 
the "Reset Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date and each date 
falling three calendar months after the previous Reset Date; and 
H. 
"Compounding" is "Inapplicable";

--- Page 567 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
567 
 
 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days, or such other 
number of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the ETI or an ETI Related Party, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or 
such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant;  
"Termination Amount" means:  
(i) 
unless Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as applicable: 
(a) 
the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Principal Protected Termination Amount; or 
(c) 
the Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount, 
in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, such amount to be payable on the 
Termination Date; or 
(ii) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in respect 
of each Note calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 
11(a); or 
(iii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in respect of 
each Note calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 
11(b); or 
(iv) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in 
respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Base Condition 11(c); 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event or combination of 
Extraordinary ETI Events constitutes a force majeure, and if ETI Event Force Majeure is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in respect of each Note, which 
amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Note, taking into account such event (provided 
that no account will be taken of costs (other than such costs that are unavoidable to early redeem 
the Notes at their fair market value) and no such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid 
to the Noteholders on the date notified to the Noteholders in the notice of early redemption;

--- Page 568 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
568 
 
 
“Termination Date” means (i) the date determined by the Issuer as provided herein and specified in the 
notice given to Noteholders in accordance with ETI Linked Note Condition 6.2(c); or (ii) if Delayed 
Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Trading Disruption" means in relation to an ETI Interest, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or otherwise (i) 
relating to the ETI Interest or any underlying asset of the ETI on the Exchange; or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to the ETI Interest or any underlying asset of the ETI on any relevant Related Exchange; 
"Value Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
Value Business Day Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Valuation Time" means in the case of an ETI and in relation to an ETI Interest either (i) the close of 
trading on the Exchange or (ii) as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Value per ETI Interest" means, with respect to the relevant ETI Interest(s) and the Scheduled Trading 
Day relating to such ETI Interests, (i) if the relevant ETI Documents refer to an official net asset value 
per ETI Interest (howsoever described), such official net asset value per ETI Interest, otherwise (ii) the 
official closing price or value per ETI Interest, as of the relevant calculation date, as reported on such 
Scheduled Trading Day by the ETI or an ETI Related Party, the relevant Exchange or publishing service 
(which may include the website of an ETI), all as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
"Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Barrier" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if not so specified, 5 per cent.; 
"Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Differential" means the percentage by which the Value per ETI 
Interest differs from the actual trading price of the ETI Interest as of the time the Value per ETI Interest 
is calculated; 
"Value per ETI Interest Trigger Event" means, in respect of any ETI Interest(s), that (i) the Value per 
ETI Interest has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the Value Trigger Percentage(s) at any 
time during the related Value Trigger Period, or (ii) the ETI has violated any leverage restriction that is 
applicable to, or affecting, such ETI or its assets by operation of any law, (x) any order or judgement of 
any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, (y) the ETI Documents or 
(z) any other contractual restriction binding on or affecting the ETI or any of its assets; 
"Value Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, 50 per cent.;

--- Page 569 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
569 
 
 
"Value Trigger Period" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified 
the period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt the period could be equal to specified number of consecutive or non-
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Notes relating to a single ETI Interest or an ETI Basket, 
in respect of an ETI Interest the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date or a Valuation Date or on any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
3. 
Potential Adjustment Events 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) a repurchase or exercise of any call option by any ETI of relevant ETI Interests whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; or 
(c) any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETI Interests. 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment Event, the 
date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant ETI or ETI Related Party, 
as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
Following the declaration by the relevant ETI or ETI Related Party, as the case may be, of the terms of 
any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the ETI Interests and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, 
if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or 
the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no 
adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate

--- Page 570 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
570 
 
 
or liquidity relative to the relevant ETI Interest) and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the 
adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the 
ETI Interest traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) stating the adjustment to 
any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms 
and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event and the Potential Adjustment Event Effective 
Date. 
4. 
Extraordinary ETI Events 
Subject to the provisions of ETI Linked Note Condition 5 (Determination of Extraordinary ETI Events) 
"Extraordinary ETI Event" means the occurrence or continuance at any time on or after the Trade Date 
of any of the following events as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
 
Global Events: 
• 
the ETI or any ETI Related Party (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of an ETI Related Party, 
ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, custodian, prime brokerage, 
or any other relevant business (as applicable), (ii) is dissolved or has a resolution passed, or there 
is any proposal, for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (iii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iv) (1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or 
similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such 
proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in sub-clause 
(iv) (1) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not 
immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject to the 
appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian 
or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (vi) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all

--- Page 571 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
571 
 
 
its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not immediately 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vii) causes or is subject to any event with respect 
to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the 
events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) above; or 
• 
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer; 
 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events: 
• 
there exists any litigation against the ETI or an ETI Related Party which the Calculation Agent 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, could materially 
affect the value of the ETI Interests or on the rights or remedies of any investor therein; or 
• 
(i) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the ETI, or any ETI 
Related Party, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably 
determines that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (ii) any investigative, 
judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal proceedings is commenced or is threatened 
against the ETI, any ETI Related Party or any key personnel of such entities if such allegation, 
determination, suspicion or proceedings could, in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, materially affect the value of the 
ETI Interests or the rights or remedies of any investor in such ETI Interests; 
 
Change in ETI Related Parties/Key Persons Events:  
• 
(i) an ETI Related Party ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the ETI (including by way 
of Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately replaced in such capacity by a 
successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; and/or (ii) any event occurs which causes, or will 
with the passage of time (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) cause, the failure of the ETI 
and/or any ETI Related Party to meet or maintain any obligation or undertaking under the ETI 
Documents which failure is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the ETI 
Interests or on the rights or remedies of any investor therein; 
 
Modification Events: 
• 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, investment 
restrictions, investment process or investment guidelines of the ETI (howsoever described, 
including the underlying type of assets in which the ETI invests), from those set out in the ETI 
Documents, or any announcement regarding a potential modification or deviation, except where 
such modification or deviation is of a formal, minor or technical nature; 
• 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any 
announcement regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or disappearance 
(howsoever described), of the type of assets (i) in which the ETI invests, (ii) the ETI purports to 
track, or (iii) the ETI accepts/provides for purposes of creation/redemption baskets;

--- Page 572 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
572 
 
 
• 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material modification, 
of the ETI (including but not limited to a material modification of the ETI Documents or to the 
ETI's liquidity terms) other than a modification or event which does not affect the ETI Interests 
or the or any portfolio of assets to which the ETI Interest relates (either alone or in common with 
other ETI Interests issued by the ETI); 
• 
the currency denomination of the ETI Interest is amended from that set out in the ETI Documents 
so that the Value per ETI Interest is no longer calculated in the same currency as it was as at the 
Trade Date; or 
• 
if applicable, the ETI ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the legislation 
of its relevant jurisdiction; 
 
Net Asset Value/Investment/AUM Level Events: 
• 
a material modification of the method of calculating the Value per ETI Interest; 
• 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the Value per ETI Interest; 
• 
any of the ETI, any ETI Related Parties or any other party acting on behalf of the ETI fails for 
any reason to calculate and publish the Value per ETI Interest within the Number of Value 
Publication Days following any date scheduled for the determination of the valuation of the ETI 
Interests unless the cause of such failure to publish is of a technical nature and outside the 
immediate and direct control of the entity responsible for such publication; 
• 
the assets under management of, or total investment in, the ETI falls below the Investment/AUM 
Level; 
• 
a Value per ETI Interest Trigger Event occurs; 
• 
failure by the ETI or any ETI Related Party to publish (i) the Value per ETI Interest at the end 
of each Scheduled Trading Day as a result of any action or inaction by the ETI or any ETI Related 
Party, or (ii) where the relevant ETI Documents provide for the publication of an indicative 
Value per ETI Interest, such indicative Value per ETI Interest is published no less frequently 
than once every five (5) minutes during regular trading hours on the Exchange on each Scheduled 
Trading Day; or 
• 
(i) the Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Differential breaches the Value per ETI Interest 
Trading Price Barrier, and (ii) such breach has an adverse impact on any hedging activities in 
relation to the Notes; 
 
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events:  
• 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations 
relating to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging 
arrangements entered into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Notes (a "Tax Event") and, 
subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar month following 
the day the relevant Tax Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the

--- Page 573 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
573 
 
 
material adverse effect of the Tax Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an 
affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be 
obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the 
period set out above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes 
apparent at any time that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Tax Event; or 
• 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the ETI or the ETI Related Parties are or become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any 
present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, in any 
applicable jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, any cancellation, suspension or revocation 
of the registration or approval of the ETI by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with 
authority over the ETI), (ii) a relevant authorisation or licence is revoked, lapses or is under 
review by a competent authority in respect of the ETI or the ETI Related Parties or new 
conditions are imposed, or existing conditions varied, with respect to any such authorisation or 
licence, (iii) the ETI is required by a competent authority to redeem any ETI Interests, (iv) the 
Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority or any other relevant entity to dispose of or 
compulsorily redeem any ETI Interests held in connection with any hedging arrangements 
relating to the Notes and/or (v) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment 
of the ETI or any ETI Related Party that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the 
value of the ETI Interests or other activities or undertakings of the ETI or on the rights or 
remedies of any investor therein, including any Hedge Provider;  
 
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events:  
• 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Notes, as a result of any adoption of, 
or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after the 
Trade Date, or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, 
whether formal or informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative 
or judicial body of any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such 
date or as a result of any other relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become 
unlawful or impractical for the Hedge Provider to hold (including, without limitation, 
circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider to modify any reserve, special deposit, or similar 
requirement or that would adversely affect the amount or cost of regulatory capital that would 
have to be maintained in respect of any holding of ETI Interests or that would subject a holder 
of the ETI Interests or the Hedge Provider to any loss), purchase or sell the relevant ETI Interests 
or any underlying assets of or related to the ETI or for the Hedge Provider to maintain its hedging 
arrangements and, (ii) subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one 
calendar week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts 
to mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to 
an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be 
obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the

--- Page 574 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
574 
 
 
period of one calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes 
at any time apparent that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Relevant Event; 
• 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, if the cost to the Hedge Provider 
in relation to the Notes and the related hedging arrangements (including, but not limited to, new 
or increased taxes, duties, expenses or fees (or the combined effect thereof if occurring more 
than once) would be materially increased or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material 
loss relating to the Notes and the related hedging arrangements; 
• 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, the Hedge Provider is unable 
or it becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset or any futures or option contracts on the 
relevant Exchange it deems necessary to hedge the equity, commodity or other underlying ETI 
Interest asset price risk or any other relevant price risk, including but not limited to the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes or (ii) to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction, asset, or futures or option contract or any relevant hedge positions relating to an ETI 
Interest of the ETI; 
• 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur an 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
capital and/or funding costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the 
Notes; 
• 
if at any time on or after the Trade Date of the first issue of the Series, (i) the Hedge Provider 
unintentionally acquires directly or indirectly any ownership interest in an ETI that exceeds 10 
per cent. of the total assets under management or (ii) as a consequence of changes in the 
performance, size, investment strategy or liquidity of an ETI, the Hedge Provider holds an 
ownership interest in such ETI that exceeds 10 per cent. of the total assets under management; 
 
Miscellaneous Events:  
• 
in the case of Notes linked to an ETI Basket, a Basket Trigger Event occurs;  
• 
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any ETI 
Related Party or any parent company (howsoever described) of the ETI, by Moody's Investors 
Service Inc., or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("Moody's"), and/or Standard and 
Poor's Rating Group (a division of McGraw-Hill, Inc.), or any successor to the ratings business 
thereof ("S&P"), is downgraded below A (S&P) or A2 (Moody's) and/or the short-term 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any ETI Related Party by 
Moody's or S&P is downgraded below A-1 (S&P) or P-1 (Moody's); 
• 
the occurrence of a Loss of Stock Borrow; 
• 
the occurrence of an Additional Extraordinary ETI Event; 
• 
if the relevant ETI Documents provide for the payment of dividends, the occurrence of a 
Dividend Event;

--- Page 575 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
575 
 
 
• 
the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the relevant ETI 
Interests cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any 
reason and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where the Exchange is 
located in the United States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock 
Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their respective successors) or otherwise 
(ii) a comparable exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, 
where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
All of the events listed in this ETI Linked Note Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI Events) will constitute 
an Extraordinary ETI Event, unless SC/FM ETI Events is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case, the events described in ETI Linked Note Conditions 4.17, 4.18, 4.19(iv), 4.19(v), 
4.20, 4.21, 4.22, 4.23, 4.24 and 4.27 will not constitute an Extraordinary ETI Event. 
5. 
Determination of Extraordinary ETI Events 
The Calculation Agent will determine if an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. Where the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances is 
capable of triggering more than one Extraordinary ETI Event or both an Extraordinary ETI Event and a 
Market Disruption Event, the Issuer may determine which Extraordinary ETI Event is to be triggered or 
whether such event or set of circumstances shall be an Extraordinary ETI Event or Market Disruption 
Event. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an Extraordinary ETI 
Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from the Trade Date, of any event 
or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of circumstances occurs more than once. 
6. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary ETI Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent 
shall give notice (an "Extraordinary ETI Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), of the occurrence of such Extraordinary ETI 
Event (the date on which an Extraordinary ETI Event Notice is given, an "Extraordinary ETI Event 
Notification Date") as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination of an Extraordinary 
ETI Event. The Extraordinary ETI Event Notice shall set out, if determined at that time, the action that it 
has determined to take in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event pursuant to ETI Linked Note Condition 
6.2 below. Where the action that the Issuer has determined to take is not, for whatever reason, set out in 
the Extraordinary ETI Event Notice, the action that the Issuer has determined to take shall be set out in a 
subsequent notice given to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the Extraordinary ETI Event Notification Date. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, underperformance or 
opportunity cost suffered or incurred by any Noteholder or any other person in connection with the Notes

--- Page 576 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
576 
 
 
as a result of any delay in notifying Noteholders of the occurrence on Extraordinary ETI Event, howsoever 
arising. If the Calculation Agent gives an Extraordinary ETI Event Notice, the Issuer shall have no 
obligation to make any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes until the Issuer has determined the 
action to take pursuant to ETI Linked Note Condition 6.2 below. 
Following the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event, the Issuer may take the action described below 
in (a), (b) or (c).  
(a) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer determines that the action taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event is to be 
"Adjustment", then it may: 
require the Calculation Agent to determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any 
of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the 
relevant Extraordinary ETI Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant 
adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the ETI Interests or to the Notes and a change in the 
Weighting of any remaining ETI Interest(s) not affected by an Extraordinary ETI Event. The Calculation 
Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect 
of the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event made by any options exchange to options on the ETI Interests 
traded on that options exchange; or 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the ETI Interests traded on such 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer shall select (the "Options Exchange"), require the 
Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or 
the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or 
any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms, which adjustment 
will be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the 
corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange. If options on the ETI Interests are not traded 
on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange 
to account for the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded. 
(b) 
Substitution

--- Page 577 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
577 
 
 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event is to be 
"Substitution", the Calculation Agent shall on or after the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective 
Date, substitute each ETI Interest (each, an "Affected ETI Interest") of each ETI (each, an "Affected 
ETI") which is affected by such Extraordinary ETI Event with an ETI Interest selected by it in accordance 
with the criteria for ETI Interest selection set out below (each, a "Substitute ETI Interest") and the 
Substitute ETI Interest will be deemed to be an "ETI Interest" and the relevant issuer of such Substitute 
ETI Interest, an "ETI" for the purposes of the Notes, and the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where 
the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms 
and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount 
payable under the Notes was to be determined by reference to the Initial Price of the Affected ETI Interest, 
the Initial Price of each Substitute ETI Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Initial Price = Α × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the Settlement Price of the relevant Substitute ETI Interest on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Valuation Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest; and 
"C" is the Settlement Price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Valuation Date. 
"Substitution Valuation Date" is the date selected as such by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the ETI Basket will be deemed to be effective as of the 
date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, 
be the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute ETI Interest will be equal to the Weighting of the relevant Affected 
ETI Interest. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute ETI Interest, the relevant share/unit/interest must satisfy the 
following criteria, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner:

--- Page 578 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
578 
 
 
where the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer (a) in the case of ETI 
Linked Notes related to a single ETI, and (b) in the case of ETI Linked Notes related to an ETI Basket, 
the relevant share/unit/interest shall be an ordinary share/unit/interest of the entity or person that in the 
case of a Merger Event is the continuing entity in respect of the Merger Event or in the case of a Tender 
Offer is the entity making the Tender Offer provided that (i) the relevant share/unit/interest is not already 
included in the ETI Basket and (ii) it is or as of the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date is 
promptly scheduled to be, (x) publicly quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or quotation system located 
in the same country as the relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the European 
Union, in any member state of the European Union) and (y) not subject to any currency exchange controls, 
trading restrictions or other trading limitations; or 
(a) where the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and a 
share/unit/interest would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in paragraph (i) above, but such 
share/unit/interest is (in the case of an ETI Linked Note related to an ETI Basket), already included in the 
ETI Basket, or (b) where the Extraordinary ETI Event is not a Merger Event or a Tender Offer, an 
alternative exchange traded instrument which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, has similar 
characteristics to the relevant ETI, including but not limited to, a comparable listing (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, shall not be restricted to a listing on the exchange or quotation system in the same 
geographic region), investment objectives, investment restrictions and investment processes, underlying 
asset pools and whose related parties (such as, but not limited to, trustee, general partner, sponsor, advisor, 
manager, operating company, custodian, prime broker and depository) are acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent; 
(c) 
Termination 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event is to be 
"Termination", on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), (which 
such notice may be included in the Extraordinary ETI Event Notice in respect of the relevant 
Extraordinary ETI Event and will specify the Termination Date), all but not some only of the outstanding 
ETI Linked Notes shall be redeemed by payment of the Termination Amount on the Termination Date. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
(d) 
General  
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Extraordinary ETI Event, the Issuer is under no 
duty to consider the interests of Noteholders or any other person. In making any determination as to which 
action to take following the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event, neither the Issuer nor the 
Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect of loss of interest), 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Noteholders or any other person in 
connection with the Notes as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as a result of any delay in 
making any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 579 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
579 
 
 
7. 
Correction of ETI Interest Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment or delivery under the Notes, if the price of the relevant ETI Interest 
published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination 
under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant price source 
within the number of days equal to the ETI Interest Correction Period of the original publication, the price 
to be used shall be the price of the relevant ETI Interest as so corrected. Corrections published after the 
day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment or delivery under the Notes 
will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount. 
8. 
Calculations and Determinations 
To the extent permitted by any applicable law, the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer, as applicable, will 
make the calculations and determinations as described in the ETI Linked Note Conditions in such a 
manner as the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer, as the case may be, determines to be appropriate, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, having regard in each case to the criteria 
stipulated in the ETI Linked Note Conditions, the hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes and the 
nature of the relevant ETI and related ETI Interests. 
9. 
ETI Share Provisions applicable 
If ETI Share Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, ETI Linked Note 
Conditions 9 to 14 (inclusive) will apply. 
10. 
Definitions relating to ETI Shares 
"Basket of ETI Interests" means a basket composed of ETI Interests of each ETI specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in the weightings or numbers of ETI Interests of each ETI specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant ETI; 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions; 
"Closing Price" means, in respect of an ETI Interest and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official closing 
price in respect of the relevant ETI Interest in relation to such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
subject as provided in ETI Linked Note Condition 11 (Potential Adjustment Events) or ETI Linked Note 
Condition 12 (Extraordinary Events);

--- Page 580 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
580 
 
 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; 
"ETI" means the legal vehicle and/or legal arrangements that issue the ETI Interests; 
"ETI Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if none is 
so specified, one Settlement Cycle; 
"ETI Documents" means, with respect to an ETI, the constitutive and governing documents, subscription 
agreements and other agreements of the ETI specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETI 
and/or the ETI Interests, in each case, as amended from time to time; 
"ETI Interests" means units in the ETI as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ETI Manager" means, in respect of an ETI, each of the investment advisor, investment manager and 
sub-manager of such ETI, and any other key individual or entity involved with or having supervisory or 
management powers over such ETI; 
"ETI Strategy" means, in respect of an ETI, the strategies or investment guidelines stated in the ETI 
Documents, which contribute to the net asset value of the ETI Interests; 
"Exchange" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for such ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the ETI Interest has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to such ETI Interest on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (a) in the case of a single ETI Interest, Exchange Business Day 
(Single ETI Interest Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of ETI Interests, (i) Exchange Business Day (All 
ETI Interests Basis) or (ii) Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis), in each case as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, 
Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis) shall apply;

--- Page 581 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
581 
 
 
"Exchange Business Day (All ETI Interests Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of ETI Interests, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading 
in respect of all ETI Interests comprised in the Basket of ETI Interests during their respective regular 
trading session(s) notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their 
Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such ETI Interest are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding 
any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange 
closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (a) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, the ETI Interest(s) on the Exchange or (b) to effect transactions in, or 
obtain market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to the ETI Interest(s) on any relevant 
Related Exchange; 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an ETI interest and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
published or quoted price in respect of the relevant ETI Interest at such time on such day as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in ETI Linked Note Condition 11 (Potential Adjustment 
Events) or ETI Linked Note Condition 12 (Extraordinary Events); 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to such ETI Interest has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such 
ETI Interest on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable 
Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such ETI Interest; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (a) in the case of a single ETI Interest, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Single ETI Interest Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of ETI Interests, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All 
ETI Interests Basis) or (ii) Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis), in each case as specified in

--- Page 582 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
582 
 
 
the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All ETI Interests Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of ETI Interests, any 
day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading in respect 
of all ETI Interests comprised in the Basket of ETI Interests during their respective regular trading 
session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any day on 
which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such ETI Interest are 
scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s); 
"Settlement Cycle" means in respect of an ETI Interest, the period of Clearance System Days following 
a trade in the ETI Interest on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the 
rules of such Exchange; 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms and subject to the 
provisions of these ETI Linked Note Conditions and as referred to in "Strike Date", "Observation Date", 
"Valuation Date" or "Averaging Date", as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a Basket of ETI Interests and in respect of each ETI 
Interest comprising the Basket of ETI Interests, an amount equal to the official closing price (or 
the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange 
for such ETI Interest on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Settlement Price Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date, or if in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or 
the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and 
the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted 
Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the 
closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the 
relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price 
at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for such ETI Interest whose official closing 
price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be determined by

--- Page 583 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
583 
 
 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, either on 
the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or 
more financial institutions or applicable brokers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged 
in the trading of such ETI Interests (or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall 
decide), multiplied by the relevant Weighting, such amount to be converted, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate, all as determined 
by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner; and 
(b) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a single ETI Interest, an amount equal to the official 
closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the 
relevant Exchange for such ETI Interest on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or if in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official 
closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so 
determined and the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not 
a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic 
mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation 
Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair 
market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the ETI 
Interest determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market 
quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions or applicable brokers (as selected 
by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of such ETI Interests (or on such other factors 
as the Calculation Agent shall decide), such amount to be converted, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted 
amount to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, as the case 
may be; and 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the ETI 
Interest on the Exchange; or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the ETI Interest on any relevant 
Related Exchange.

--- Page 584 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
584 
 
 
11. 
Market Disruption (ETI Shares) 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Notes relating to a single ETI Interest or a Basket of 
ETI Interests, in respect of an ETI Interest, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) 
an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (c) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
12. 
Potential Adjustment Events (ETI Shares) 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
• 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant ETI Interests (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such ETI Interests to existing holders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
• 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant ETI Interests of (i) such ETI 
Interests or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or 
proceeds of liquidation of the ETI equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such 
ETI Interests or (iii) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the ETI, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (iv) any other type of 
securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or other consideration) 
at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
• 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
• 
a call by an ETI in respect of relevant ETI Interests that are not fully paid; 
• 
a repurchase by the ETI or its subsidiaries of relevant ETI Interests whether out of profits or capital 
and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
• 
in respect of an ETI, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming 
separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such ETI, pursuant to 
a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the 
occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, certificates, warrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon 
any redemption of such rights; or 
• 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETI Interests.

--- Page 585 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
585 
 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment Event, the 
date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant ETI, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Following the declaration by the relevant ETI of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the 
Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether 
such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETI 
Interest and, if so, will (a) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or 
any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for that 
diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes 
in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant ETI Interest) and (b) 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the 
appropriate adjustment by reference to (i) the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event 
made by an options exchange to options on the ETI Interests traded on that options exchange and (ii) any 
adjustment(s) made by the ETI Manager to the ETI Interest. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Notes as it 
determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) stating 
the adjustment to any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery 
Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event and the Potential Adjustment Event 
Effective Date. 
13. 
Extraordinary Events 
The occurrence of any Delisting, ETI Currency Change, ETI Modification, ETI Reclassification, ETI 
Redemption or Subscription Event, ETI Regulatory Action, ETI Reporting Event, ETI Strategy Breach, 
ETI Termination, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation or, if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, Illiquidity, Listing Change, Listing Suspension or Tender Offer, as the case may 
be, shall be deemed to be an "Extraordinary Event", the consequences of which are set forth in ETI Linked 
Note Condition 12.2 (Consequences of an Extraordinary Event): 
"Delisting" means, in respect of any relevant ETI Interest, the Exchange announces that pursuant to the 
rules of such Exchange, such ETI Interests cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on 
the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-
listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (a) where the Exchange is located in the United States, any of the New

--- Page 586 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
586 
 
 
York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their 
respective successors) or (b) a comparable exchange or quotation system located in the same country as 
the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of the European 
Union). 
"ETI Currency Change" means that the net asset value of the ETI is quoted in a different currency to 
that quoted as of the Trade Date of the Notes. 
"ETI Modification" means any change or modification of the ETI Documents that in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent could reasonably be expected to affect the value of the ETI Interests or the rights 
of or remedies available to any holders thereof on the Trade Date of the Notes. 
"ETI Reclassification" means (a) the occurrence of the reclassification of the ETI Interests or (b)(i) 
proposal for or (ii) the occurrence of the acquisition of the ETI by, or the aggregation of the ETI into, 
another fund the mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks of which the Calculation Agent determines to 
be different from the mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks of the ETI as compared to the Trade Date 
of the Notes (or any proposal for the foregoing occurs). 
"ETI Redemption or Subscription Event" means (i) the suspension of any transfer of any ETI Interests, 
(ii) the introduction of a mandatory redemption or partial redemption of the ETI Interests, (iii) the non-
execution of any creation, subscription or redemption order in respect of the ETI Interests, or (iv) the 
introduction or proposed introduction of subscription or redemption fees or an increase of such fees with 
respect to the ETI Interests in excess of those in effect as of the Trade Date of the Notes. 
"ETI Regulatory Action" means (i) any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or 
approval of the ETI or the ETI Interests by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority 
over the ETI or the ETI Interests, (ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of 
the ETI, any ETI Manager or the ETI Interests that the Calculation Agent determines has or is reasonably 
likely to have an adverse impact on the investors in the ETI or the holders of the ETI Interests or on the 
value of the ETI Interests, or (iii) the ETI or its ETI Manager becoming subject to any investigation, 
proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving any 
activities relating to or resulting from the operation of the ETI, (including, without limitation, any future, 
announced or implemented material change to any one or more exemptive orders, no action letters or 
interpretative guidance of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including guidance 
issued by the SEC's staff, relating to the ETI or to exchange traded funds generally that affects holders of 
the ETI Interests, whether occurring through action of the SEC or otherwise, including as a result of a 
court order or executive order) that the Calculation Agent determines has or is reasonably likely to have 
a material adverse effect on the value, redeemability or liquidity of the ETI Interests, or the operation of 
the ETI in accordance with the terms of the ETI Documents or (iv) the issuance by the SEC of an order 
to suspend the redemption obligations of the ETI, to freeze assets of the ETI or to take any other action 
that the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably likely to have a material effect on the value, 
redeemability or liquidity of the ETI.

--- Page 587 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
587 
 
 
"ETI Reporting Event" means, the occurrence of any event affecting the ETI that, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to 
determine the net asset value of the ETI, and such event continues for at least five consecutive Exchange 
Business Days. 
"ETI Strategy Breach" means any change to, breach or violation, intentional or otherwise, of the ETI 
Strategy that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the ETI Interest or the rights of or remedies 
available to any holders thereof. 
"ETI Termination" means the cessation or unwinding, by the ETI Manager, of the legal arrangements 
which gave rise to the ETI. 
"Extraordinary Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Event, the date on which 
such Extraordinary Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Illiquidity" means, in respect of ETI Linked Notes relating to a Basket of ETI Interests, that, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, during any period of five consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, 
notwithstanding the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, falling after the Issue Date (the "Relevant Period"), 
(a) the difference between the bid prices and the ask prices in respect of an ETI Interest during the 
Relevant Period is greater than 1 per cent. (based on an arithmetic mean average over the Relevant 
Period), and/or (b) the arithmetic mean average purchase price or the arithmetic mean average selling 
price, determined by the Calculation Agent from the order book of the relevant ETI Interest on the relevant 
Exchange during the Relevant Period, in relation to the purchase or sale of ETI Interests with a value 
equal to or greater than EUR 10,000.00, is greater than MID plus 1 per cent. (in relation to a purchase of 
ETI Interests) or lower than the MID minus 1 per cent. (in relation to a sale of ETI Interests). For these 
purposes, "MID" means an amount equal to (i) the sum of the bid price and the ask price, in each case 
for the relevant ETI Interest at the relevant time, (ii) divided by two. 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the ETI (a) all the ETI Interests of 
such ETI are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of 
the ETI Interests of such ETI become legally prohibited from transferring such ETI Interests. 
"Listing Change" means, in respect of any relevant ETI Interests, that such ETI Interests cease (or will 
cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the listing compartment or the relevant market of the 
Exchange on which such ETI Interests were listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Issue Date of the 
relevant Notes, for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer). 
"Listing Suspension" means, in respect of any relevant ETI Interests, that the listing of such ETI Interests 
on the Exchange has been suspended. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant ETI Interests, any:

--- Page 588 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
588 
 
 
• 
reclassification or change of such ETI Interests that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such ETI Interests outstanding to another entity or person, 
• 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the ETI, as the case may be, with 
or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange in which such ETI is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification 
or change of all of such ETI Interests outstanding), 
• 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or 
person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETI Interests of such ETI 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETI Interests (other 
than such ETI Interests owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or 
• 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the ETI or its subsidiaries with 
or into another entity in which such ETI is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such ETI Interests outstanding but results in the outstanding ETI 
Interests (other than ETI Interests owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to 
such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding ETI Interests 
immediately following such event, 
in each case if the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is on or before (i) in the case of Cash 
Settled Notes, the last occurring Valuation Date or where Averaging is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Note or (ii) in the case of Physical Delivery 
Notes, the Maturity Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the ETI Interests or all or substantially all the assets of the ETI are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding voting shares of the ETI, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making 
of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant. 
 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to an ETI Interest, the Issuer may take any of the relevant 
actions described in (a), (c) or (d) (in the case of Notes relating to either a single ETI Interest or a Basket 
of ETI Interests), or (b) or (e) below (in the case of Notes relating to a Basket of ETI Interests) as it deems 
appropriate: 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the

--- Page 589 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
589 
 
 
Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any 
of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the relevant 
Extraordinary Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may 
include, without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock 
loan rate or liquidity relevant to the ETI Interests or to the Notes. The Calculation Agent may (but need 
not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the relevant 
Extraordinary Event made by any options exchange to options on the ETI Interests traded on that options 
exchange. In addition, in relation to a Basket of ETI Interests, the Calculation Agent may adjust the Basket 
of ETI Interests in accordance with the provisions of subparagraph (e) below; 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a Basket of ETI Interests, redeem in part by giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). If the Notes are so redeemed in part the 
portion (the "Redeemed Amount") of each Note, representing the affected ETI Interest(s) shall be 
redeemed and the Issuer will: 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, pay to each Noteholder an 
amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Base Condition 11(a); 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, pay to each Noteholder an amount 
in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Base Condition 11(b); or 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Extraordinary Event constitutes a force majeure, and if ETI 
Linked Note Condition 12.2(b)(iii) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will pay to each 
Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder, which amount shall be equal to 
the fair market value of a Note, taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of 
costs (other than such costs that are unavoidable to early redeem in part the Notes at their fair market 
value) and no such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the date notified 
to the Noteholders in the notice of partial redemption; or 
otherwise, pay to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him an amount equal to the fair market 
value of the Redeemed Amount taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event, less, unless if 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any 
of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for such redemption 
in part.

--- Page 590 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
590 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt the remaining part of each Note after such redemption and adjustment shall 
remain outstanding with full force and effect. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices); 
(a) 
(i) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, Highest Value, 
Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Notes at the amount equal to the fair 
market value of such Note taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event, less, 
except in the case of Italian Listed Notes or if Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices); or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair 
market value of such Note, taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event, less, 
except in the case of Italian Listed Notes or if Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated 
Extraordinary Event Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence of 
the relevant Extraordinary Event (the "Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount 
Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Extraordinary Event 
Amount plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated Extraordinary Event 
Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to 
Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected 
Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms); or 
(iii) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in 
respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date 
determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(a); or 
(iv) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in

--- Page 591 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
591 
 
 
respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date 
determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(b); or 
(v) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an 
amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such 
date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(c); or 
(vi) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Extraordinary Event constitutes a force 
majeure, and if ETI Linked Note Condition 12.2(c)(vi) is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each 
Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder, which amount 
shall be equal to the fair market value of a Note, taking into account such event 
(provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than such costs that are 
unavoidable to early redeem the Notes at their fair market value) and no such costs shall 
be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the date notified to the 
Noteholders in the notice of early redemption. 
(b) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the ETI Interests traded on such 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer shall select (the "Options Exchange"), require 
the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or 
the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms, 
which adjustment will be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the 
effective date of the corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange. If options on the 
ETI Interests are not traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each 
case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other 
terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, with reference to 
the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the relevant 
Extraordinary Event, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise 
to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded; or 
(c) 
on or after the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date, the Calculation Agent may adjust 
the Basket of ETI Interests to include an ETI Interest selected by it in accordance with the criteria 
for ETI Interest selection set out below (each, a "Substitute ETI Interest") for each ETI Interest 
(each, an "Affected ETI Interest") of each ETI (each, an "Affected ETI") which is affected by 
such Extraordinary Event and the Substitute ETI Interest will be deemed to be an "ETI Interest" 
and the relevant issuer of such Substitute ETI Interest, an "ETI" for the purposes of the Notes,

--- Page 592 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
592 
 
 
and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or 
the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable under the Notes was 
to be determined by reference to the Initial Price of the Affected ETI Interest, the Initial Price of 
each Substitute ETI Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Initial Price = Α × (B/C)  
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute ETI Interest on the relevant Exchange 
on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest on the relevant Exchange 
on the Substitution Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of ETI Interests will be deemed to 
be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below 
which may, but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute ETI Interest will be equal to the Weighting of the relevant 
Affected ETI Interest. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute ETI Interest, the relevant share/unit/interest must satisfy 
the following criteria, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner: 
(i) where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer, the relevant 
share/unit/interest shall be an ordinary share/unit/interest of the entity or person (other than the 
Affected ETI Interest) that in the case of a Merger Event is the continuing entity in respect of the 
Merger Event or in the case of a Tender Offer is the entity making the Tender Offer provided that 
(a) the relevant share/unit/interest is not already included in the Basket of ETI Interests and (b) it is 
or as of the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is promptly scheduled to be, (x) publicly 
quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the European Union, in any member 
state of the European Union) and (y) not subject to any currency exchange controls, trading 
restrictions or other trading limitations; or

--- Page 593 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
593 
 
 
(ii) where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and a share/unit/interest 
would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in paragraph (i) above, but such share/unit/interest is 
already included in the Basket of ETI Interests, or (b) where the Extraordinary Event is not a Merger 
Event or a Tender Offer, an alternative exchange traded instrument which, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to the relevant ETI, including but not limited to, a 
comparable listing (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be restricted to a listing on the 
exchange or quotation system in the same geographic region), investment objectives, investment 
restrictions and investment processes, underlying asset pools and whose related parties (such as, but 
not limited to, trustee, general partner, sponsor, advisor, manager, operating company, custodian, 
prime broker and depository) are acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that more than one Extraordinary Event occurs in respect of ETI, 
which are not connected and have different consequences pursuant to this ETI Linked Note Condition 
12.2, the Calculation Agent will determine which such Extraordinary Event and related consequences 
shall apply acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment 
in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as 
practicable, and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Base Condition 16 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Extraordinary Event, giving details thereof and 
the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
14. 
Correction of ETI Interest Price (ETI Shares) 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Notes, if the price of the relevant ETI Interest published on a given 
day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Exchange within the number of 
days equal to the ETI Interest Correction Period of the original publication, the price to be used shall be 
the price of the relevant ETI Interest as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three 
Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Notes will be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount. 
15. 
Calculations and Determinations (ETI Shares) 
To the extent permitted by any applicable law, the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer, as applicable, will 
make the calculations and determinations as described in the ETI Linked Note Conditions in such a 
manner as the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer, as the case may be, determines to be appropriate acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard in each case to the criteria stipulated 
in the ETI Linked Note Conditions, the hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes and the nature of 
the relevant ETI and related ETI Interests.

--- Page 594 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT LINKED NOTES 
594 
 
 
ANNEX 5 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as Debt Linked Notes shall comprise the terms and conditions of Notes (the "Base 
Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Debt Linked Notes set out below (the "Debt Linked 
Note Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
(i) the Base Conditions and (ii) the Debt Linked Note Conditions, the Debt Linked Note Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Settlement Price 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each Cash 
Settled Note and subject as referred to in "Averaging Date" or "Valuation Date": 
(a) in the case of Debt Linked Notes relating to a basket of Debt Instruments, an amount equal to the 
sum of the values calculated for each Debt Instrument as (x) the Reference Price for such Debt 
Instrument appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, 
or if such price is not available, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Prices for such Debt Instrument 
at the Valuation Time on such Averaging Date or the Valuation Date, as the case may be, as received 
by it from two or more market-makers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) in such Debt 
Instrument, such prices to be expressed as a percentage of the nominal amount of such Debt 
Instrument (y) multiplied by the product of the nominal amount of such Debt Instrument and the 
relevant Weighting; and 
(b) in the case of Debt Linked Notes relating to a single Debt Instrument, an amount equal to (x) the 
Reference Price for such Debt Instrument appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation 
Time as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent on (a) if Averaging is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or if such price is not available, the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Prices for such Debt Instrument at the Valuation Time on such Averaging Date or the 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, as received by it from two or more market-makers (as selected 
by the Calculation Agent) in such Debt Instrument, such prices to be expressed as a percentage of 
the nominal amount of the Debt Instrument (y) multiplied by the nominal amount of such Debt 
Instrument. 
2. 
Exchange Business Day 
"Exchange Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the Exchange Business Day Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 595 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT LINKED NOTES 
595 
 
 
3. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" shall mean, in respect of a Debt Instrument, the suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading either on any exchange on which such Debt Instrument is traded or on any exchange 
on which options contracts or futures contracts with respect to such Debt Instrument are traded if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, such suspension or limitation is material. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 
16 (Notices) that a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
4. 
Correction of Debt Instrument Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Notes, if the price of the relevant Debt Instrument published on a 
given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes, is 
subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant exchange within the number of days 
equal to the Debt Instrument Correction Period of the original publication, the price to be used shall be 
the price of the relevant Debt Instrument as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is 
three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Notes will be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
5. 
Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Instrument 
Notwithstanding Base Condition 13 (Additional Disruption Events And Optional Additional Disruption 
Events), if on or prior to the last Averaging Date or the last Valuation Date, any Debt Instrument is 
redeemed (including any early redemption) or cancelled by the relevant Debt Instrument Issuer (a "Debt 
Instrument Redemption Event"), then:  
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Debt Instrument Redemption Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an 
amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note, being redeemed at an amount equal to the fair market 
value of such Note taking into account the Debt Instrument Redemption Event, less, except in case of 
Italian Listed Notes or if Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices); or 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Debt Instrument Redemption Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of 
each Note taking into account the Debt Instrument Redemption Event less, except in case of Italian Listed 
Notes or if Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the

--- Page 596 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT LINKED NOTES 
596 
 
 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated 
Index Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Debt Instrument 
Redemption Event (the "Calculated Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date") and on the 
Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the 
Calculated Index Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated Index 
Adjustment Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to Issuer's 
funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, at the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable Final 
Terms).  
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar 
(in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), of any determination made by it pursuant to this Debt 
Linked Note Condition 5 and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto and the Fiscal Agent, or 
the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), shall make available for inspection 
by Noteholders copies of any such determinations. 
6. 
Futures Price Valuation 
If "Futures Price Valuation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the following 
provisions shall apply to these Debt Linked Note Conditions: 
"Settlement Price" means an amount equal to the Daily Settlement Price of the relevant Current 
Exchange-traded Contract as determined by the Calculation Agent on (i) if Averaging is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an Averaging Date. 
For the purposes of determining whether a day is a Scheduled Trading Day where Futures Price Valuation 
applies, "Scheduled Trading Day" will be deemed to mean a day on which the Daily Settlement Price of 
the relevant Current Exchange-traded Contract is scheduled to be published by the relevant Futures or 
Options Exchange. 
If Futures Price Valuation applies the Disrupted Day provisions in the Base Conditions and/or these Debt 
Linked Note Conditions will not apply in relation to any Current Exchange-traded Contract. 
For these purposes: 
"Current Exchange-traded Contract" means (a) if the Notes are not Rolling Futures Contract Notes, 
the Exchange-traded Contract and (b) if the Notes are Rolling Futures Contract Notes, the futures contract 
determined pursuant to Debt Linked Note Condition 7 (Rolling Futures Contract Notes) below. 
"Daily Settlement Price" means the daily settlement price (howsoever described under the rules of the 
relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house) of the relevant Exchange-traded Contract

--- Page 597 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT LINKED NOTES 
597 
 
 
published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Exchange-traded Contract" means the futures or options contract(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, in each case, identified by reference to (a) the Synthetic Debt Instrument to which it relates, 
(b) the Futures or Options Exchange on which each such contract is traded and (c)(i) if the Notes are not 
Rolling Futures Contract Notes, the delivery or expiry month of such contract or (ii) if the Notes are 
Rolling Futures Contract Notes, the specified period of each such contract and the Futures Rollover Date. 
"Futures or Options Exchange" means the relevant exchange specified in the description of the 
Exchange-traded Contract in the applicable Final Terms or any successor to such exchange. 
"Futures Rollover Date" means either:  
(a) the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner within the period ("Futures Rollover Period") specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract" means there is no Daily 
Settlement Price as a result of the fact that trading in the Exchange-traded Contract never commences or 
is permanently discontinued at any time on or prior to the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or other date 
for valuation or observation or other relevant date, as the case may be, of the relevant Current Exchange-
traded Contract. 
"Synthetic Debt Instrument" means the synthetic debt instrument to which an Exchange-traded Contract 
relates, as described in the applicable Final Terms. 
Debt Linked Note Condition 3 (Market Disruption), Debt Linked Note Condition 4 (Correction of Debt 
Instrument Price) and Debt Linked Note Condition 5 (Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Instrument) 
will not apply if Futures Price Valuation applies.  
If Futures Price Valuation applies, references in the Base Conditions, Formulas Conditions to a "Debt 
Instrument" or "Debt Instruments" are deemed to be references to a Current Exchange-traded Contract or 
"Current Exchange-traded Contracts", as applicable. 
7. 
Rolling Futures Contract Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are "Rolling Futures Contract Notes", the Notes will 
be valued by reference to futures contracts relating to the Synthetic Debt Instrument that have delivery or 
expiry months that do not correspond with the term of the Notes. In such case, on or prior to the Issue 
Date, the Calculation Agent will select an Exchange-traded Contract and for each following day until the 
Futures Rollover Date such futures contract will be the Current Exchange-traded Contract. On each 
Futures Rollover Date the Calculation Agent will select another Exchange-traded Contract and such

--- Page 598 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT LINKED NOTES 
598 
 
 
contract shall be the Current Exchange-traded Contract until the next occurring Futures Rollover Date. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Debt Linked Note Condition 8 (Adjustments to an Exchange-traded 
Contract) or Debt Linked Note Condition 9 (Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract) if on a Futures Rollover Date a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract occurs and it is impossible or materially impracticable for the Calculation Agent to select 
an Exchange-traded Contract and/or at such time hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes 
then: 
(a) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded 
Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem 
the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). If 
the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each 
Note, being redeemed equal to the fair market value of such Note taking into account the Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, less, except in the case of 
Italian Listed Notes or if Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices); or 
(b) 
if Delayed Redemption on Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded 
Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the fair market value of each Note taking into account the Non-Commencement 
or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract less, except in the case of Italian Listed Notes 
or if Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
"Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence 
of the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (the 
"Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount Determination Date") and on the Redemption 
Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the 
Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated 
Contract Adjustment Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate 
equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount 
(specified in the applicable Final Terms).  
8. 
Adjustments to an Exchange-traded Contract 
In the event that the terms of an Exchange-traded Contract are changed or modified by the Futures or 
Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent shall make the appropriate adjustment, if any, to any of the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for such change or modification.

--- Page 599 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT LINKED NOTES 
599 
 
 
9. 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract 
Where there is a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, the Issuer may 
take the action described in (a) below or require the Calculation Agent to take the action described in (b) 
below: 
(a) 
(i) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded 
Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem 
the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). If the 
Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note, 
being redeemed equal to the fair market value of such Note taking into account the Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, less, except in case of 
Italian Listed Notes Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices); or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded 
Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the fair market value of each Note taking into account the Non-Commencement 
or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract less, except in case of Italian Listed Notes 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated 
Contract Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable following the Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (the "Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount 
Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount plus interest 
accrued from and including the Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount Determination Date to 
but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if 
Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and if greater, at the Protected Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); or 
(b) 
(i) replace the relevant Exchange-traded Contract affected by the Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (the "Affected Exchange-traded Contract") with 
a substitute Exchange-traded Contract (the "Substitute Exchange-traded Contract"), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, has similar contract specifications to those of the Affected Exchange-traded Contract 
and (ii) make such adjustments to adjust such terms of the Notes as it determines acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to be appropriate to preserve the economic

--- Page 600 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT LINKED NOTES 
600 
 
 
position of the Noteholders prior to such replacement. Such replacement will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, and specified in the notice referred to below. The Substitute 
Exchange-traded Contract will be deemed to be an "Exchange-traded Contract" for the purposes 
of the Notes. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Italian Listed Notes the Calculation Agent will adjust any 
relevant terms of the Notes as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes. 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar 
(in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), of any determination made by it pursuant to this Debt 
Linked Note Condition 9 and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto and the Fiscal Agent, or 
the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), shall make available for inspection 
by Noteholders copies of any such determinations. 
10. 
Correction of the Daily Settlement Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Notes, if the Daily Settlement Price published on a given day and 
used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently 
corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange, within the number 
of days equal to the Daily Settlement Price Correction Period of the original publication, the Daily 
Settlement Price to be used shall be the Daily Settlement Price as so corrected. Corrections published 
after the day which is three Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Notes will be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid.  
11. 
Definitions 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant securities or contracts. 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions. 
"Daily Settlement Price Correction Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if none, one Settlement Cycle. 
"Debt Instrument Correction Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or if none, one Settlement Cycle.

--- Page 601 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT LINKED NOTES 
601 
 
 
"Debt Instrument Issuer" means, in respect of a Debt Instrument, the issuer of such Debt Instrument. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Price" means, in respect of a Debt Instrument, the bid price, mid price, offer price, bid yield, 
mid yield or offer yield specified as such for such Debt Instrument in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Scheduled Trading Day" means an Exchange Business Day. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Debt Linked Note or Exchange-traded Contract, the period of 
Clearance System Days following a trade in such security or contract, as the case may be, on the relevant 
exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such exchange.

--- Page 602 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
602 
 
 
ANNEX 6 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as Commodity Linked Notes shall comprise the terms and conditions of Notes (the 
"Base Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes set out below (the 
"Commodity Linked Note Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of 
any inconsistency between (i) the Base Conditions and (ii) the Commodity Linked Note Conditions, the 
Commodity Linked Note Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket Component" means any Commodity or Commodity Index comprised in a Basket of 
Commodities; 
"Basket of Commodities" means a basket comprising two or more Commodities and/or Commodity 
Indices; 
"Commodity" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Annex, the commodity (or 
commodities) or futures contract on a commodity (or commodities) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and related expressions shall be construed accordingly and for the avoidance of doubt, each of 
climatic variables, freight rates and emissions allowances may be a Commodity for the purposes of this 
Annex and the applicable Final Terms; 
"Commodity Business Day" means: 
(a) in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index: 
(i) 
where the Commodity Reference Price for the relevant Commodity or Commodity 
Index is announced or published by an Exchange, any day that is (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been) a day on which each 
relevant Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading sessions and 
notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; or 
(ii) 
a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but for the occurrence 
of a Market Disruption Event, would have published) a price for the relevant 
Commodity or Commodity Index; or 
(b) in the case of a Basket of Commodities, a day on which the Commodity Reference Price in respect 
of all of the Basket Components is scheduled to be published or announced in accordance with 
(i) and (ii) above, 
"Commodity Disrupted Day" means any day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred;

--- Page 603 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
603 
 
 
"Commodity Fallback Value" means: 
(i) 
in respect of any Commodity, the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided to the Calculation 
Agent by each of the Reference Dealers as its Commodity Reference Price for the relevant 
Pricing Date of the relevant Commodity, provided that if only three such quotations are so 
provided, the Commodity Fallback Value shall be the Commodity Reference Price remaining 
after disregarding the Commodity Reference Prices having the highest and lowest values (or if 
more than one such highest or lowest, one only of them). If fewer than three such quotations are 
so provided, it will be deemed that such value cannot be determined and the relevant value shall 
be the good faith estimate of the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
in respect of any Commodity Index or Basket of Commodities, the price for such Commodity 
Index or Basket of Commodities, as the case may be, in respect of the relevant Pricing Date 
determined by the Calculation Agent using the current applicable method of calculating such 
Commodity Index or the method for determining the value of the Basket of Commodities, as the 
case may be, as set out in the applicable Final Terms using the price or level for each Index 
Component or Basket Component, as the case may be, determined as follows: 
(a) 
in respect of each Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may be, which 
is not affected by the Market Disruption Event, the closing price or level or settlement 
price, as applicable, of such Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may 
be, on such Pricing Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of each Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may be, which 
is affected by the Market Disruption Event (each an "Affected Item"), the closing price 
or level or settlement price, as applicable, for such Affected Item on the first succeeding 
Pricing Date that is not a Commodity Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of 
consecutive Pricing Dates equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Pricing Date is a Commodity Disrupted Day. In 
that case, (i) the last such consecutive Pricing Date shall be deemed to be the Pricing 
Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Commodity 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the price or level of such 
Affected Item based upon the price at which the Issuer is able to sell or otherwise realise 
any hedge positions in respect of the Notes during the period of five Commodity 
Business Days following the last such consecutive Pricing Date; 
"Commodity Index" means each index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or an index 
comprising one or more commodities, contracts for the future delivery of a commodity, indices linked to 
a single commodity or indices comprised of multiple commodities (each an "Index Component"); 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Commodity or any Commodity Index, the 
Commodity Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 604 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
604 
 
 
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the relevant date or month for 
delivery of the underlying Commodity (which must be a date or month reported or capable of being 
determined from information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as follows: 
(a) if the Notes are not Rolling Futures Contract Notes: 
(i) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the applicable Final Terms, that date 
or that month and year; 
(ii) 
if a Nearby Month is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the month of expiration 
of the relevant Futures Contract; and 
(iii) 
if a method is specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining 
the Delivery Date, the date or the month and year determined pursuant to that method; 
(b) if the Notes are Rolling Futures Contract Notes, the delivery date for a futures contract selected by 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on the Futures 
Rollover Date or if none the Issue Date. 
"Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price" means (a) the permanent discontinuation of trading, 
in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange or (b) the disappearance of, or of trading in, the 
relevant Commodity or Index Component or (c) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of a Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the related Price 
Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component; 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Relevant Price in respect of a specified Commodity Reference Price when a Market 
Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on which prices 
for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the Price Source). A 
Disruption Fallback is applicable if it is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Disruption 
Fallback is specified, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant actions in accordance with 
Commodity Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption 
Fallbacks).  
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market for such 
Commodity specified in the applicable Final Terms or in the Commodity Reference Price and in the case 
of a Commodity Index, the exchange or principal trading market for each Index Component comprising 
such Commodity Index; 
"Final Pricing Date" or "Final Interest Pricing Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. References in these Conditions to "Final Pricing Date" shall be deemed to apply mutatis 
mutandis in respect of any "Final Interest Pricing Date";

--- Page 605 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
605 
 
 
"Futures Contract" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the contract for future delivery 
of a contract size in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to the Commodity referred to in that 
Commodity Reference Price; 
"Futures Rollover Date" means either: 
(a) the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner within the period ("Futures Rollover Period") specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Index Component Disruption Event" means: 
(a) the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Pricing Date includes, or is 
derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published on any date between the Issue 
Date and such Pricing Date that is not a price published by the usual exchange or price source, but 
is a price determined by the Price Source; or 
(b) the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Pricing Date includes, or is 
derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published by the usual exchange or price 
source on any date between the Issue Date and such Pricing Date that, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, has been calculated or published subject to the occurrence of market disruption 
or similar, or otherwise not in accordance with the usual, then-current, method used by such 
exchange or price source; 
"Initial Pricing Date" or "Initial Interest Pricing Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. References in these Conditions to "Initial Pricing Date" shall be deemed to apply 
mutatis mutandis in respect of any "Initial Interest Pricing Date"; 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, Commodity Index or Index Component and any 
time on a Pricing Date, the Relevant Price of such Commodity, Commodity Index or Index Component 
at such time on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Commodity 
Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks) and, if 
applicable, Commodity Linked Note Condition 4 (Adjustments to a Commodity Index).  
"Limit Price Event" means that the settlement price of any Commodity or Index Component has 
increased or decreased from the previous day's published settlement price by an amount equal to the 
maximum amount permitted under the applicable exchange rules for such Commodity or Index 
Component. 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the 
content, composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity or Futures Contract or, in the case of a 
Commodity Index, Index Component;

--- Page 606 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
606 
 
 
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the 
formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference Price or any Index 
Component used to calculate the Commodity Reference Price; 
"Nearby Month", when preceded by a numerical adjective, means, in respect of a Delivery Date and a 
Pricing Date, the month of expiration of the Futures Contract identified by that numerical adjective, so 
that, for example, (a) "First Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the first Futures Contract 
to expire following that Pricing Date; (b) "Second Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the 
second Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; and (c) "Sixth Nearby Month" means the 
month of expiration of the sixth Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; 
"Price Source" means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an Exchange or Index 
Sponsor or Index Calculation Agent) containing (or reporting) the Specified Price (or prices from which 
the Specified Price is calculated) specified in the relevant Commodity Reference Price; 
"Price Source Disruption" means (a) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the Specified 
Price (or the information necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price, or (b) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source; 
"Pricing Date" or "Interest Pricing Date" means each date specified in the Final Terms as being the 
Initial Pricing Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or the Final Pricing Date or if any such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Commodity Business Day, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a 
Commodity Disrupted Day, in which case, the relevant Pricing Date or Interest Pricing Date, as 
applicable, shall be the first succeeding Commodity Business Day that is not a Commodity Disrupted 
Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Commodity Business Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Pricing Date or Scheduled Interest 
Pricing Date, as the case may be, is a Commodity Disrupted Day. In that case, (A) the last such 
consecutive Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date or Interest Pricing Date, as 
the case may be, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Commodity Disrupted Day, and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall take action in accordance with the provisions of Commodity Linked Note 
Condition 3 (Consequence of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks). References in these 
Conditions to "Pricing Date" shall be deemed to apply mutatis mutandis in respect of any "Interest Pricing 
Date"; 
"Reference Dealers" means four leading dealers in the relevant Commodities market selected by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Relevant Price" means, for any Pricing Date, the price, expressed as a price per unit of the Commodity, 
the price of the Commodity Index or any Index Component, determined with respect to that day for the 
specified Commodity Reference Price calculated as provided in these Commodity Linked Note 
Conditions and the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 607 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
607 
 
 
"Scheduled Pricing Date" or "Scheduled Interest Pricing Date" means any original date that, but for 
the occurrence of an event causing a Market Disruption Event, would have been a Pricing Date. 
References in these Conditions to "Scheduled Pricing Date" shall be deemed to apply mutatis mutandis 
in respect of any "Scheduled Interest Pricing Date"; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, if the Notes are Hybrid Notes and Hybrid Business Day is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, for the purpose of determining whether a day is a Hybrid 
Business Day, a Commodity Business Day; 
"Settlement Price" means, in respect of a single Commodity, the Relevant Price, or, in the case of a 
Basket of Commodities, the sum of the values calculated in respect of each Basket Component as the 
Relevant Price of such Basket Component multiplied by the relevant Weighting; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means five (5) Commodity Business Days or such other 
number of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price for a Commodity Index, (A) the 
closing or (B) daily official level of such Commodity Index and in respect of any other Commodity 
Reference Price, any of the following prices (which must be a price reported in or by, or capable of being 
determined from information reported in or by, the relevant Price Source), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (and, if applicable, as of the time so specified): (a) the high price; (b) the low price; (c) the 
average of the high price and the low price; (d) the closing price; (e) the opening price; (f) the bid price; 
(g) the asked price; (h) the average of the bid price and the asked price; (i) the settlement price; (j) the 
official settlement price; (k) the official price; (l) the morning fixing; (m) the afternoon fixing; (n) the 
spot price; (o) the arithmetic average of bid and offer prices at 5.30pm (CET) on the Pricing Date; 
"Tax Disruption" means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, 
value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to, the 
relevant Commodity, or in the case of a Commodity Index or any Index Component (other than a tax on, 
or measured by reference to overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority after 
the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the Relevant 
Price on the day that would otherwise be a Pricing Date from what it would have been without that 
imposition, change or removal; and 
"Trading Disruption" means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, trading 
in the relevant Futures Contract or the Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity Index, Index 
Component on the Exchange or in any additional futures contract, options contract, commodity index or 
commodity on any Exchange as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For these purposes:  
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the 
case may be, on any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if:

--- Page 608 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
608 
 
 
(i) 
all trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case 
may be, is suspended for the entire Pricing Date; or 
(ii) 
all trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case 
may be, is suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on the Pricing Date, 
trading does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in 
such Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case may be, on 
such Pricing Date and such suspension is announced less than one hour preceding 
its commencement; and 
(b) a limitation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as 
the case may be, on any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if the 
relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of the relevant Futures 
Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case may be, may fluctuate and the closing 
or settlement price of the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the 
case may be, on such day is at the upper or lower limit of that range. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a relevant Commodity or Commodity Index and as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence or existence of: 
(a) in the case of all Commodities and each Commodity Index, a Price Source Disruption, Trading 
Disruption, Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price, Limit Price Event; and in addition 
(b) in the case of each Commodity Index and all Commodities other than Gold, Silver, Platinum or 
Palladium, Material Change in Formula, Material Change in Content and/or Tax Disruption; and in 
addition 
(c) in the case of a Commodity Index, an Index Component Disruption Event; or 
(d) in the case of a Commodity that is an EU Allowance, a Settlement Disruption Event, an 
Abandonment of Scheme, an Administrator Event or an Absence of Registry Operations (each of 
which is defined in Commodity Linked Note Condition 7 below). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders, in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event and the action proposed to be 
taken in relation thereto. 
3. 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks 
Upon a Market Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on 
which prices for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the Price Source), the

--- Page 609 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
609 
 
 
Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, take the action 
described in (a), (b), (c) or, in case of a Commodity that is an EU Allowance, (d) below:  
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such event has a material effect on the Notes and, if so 
shall calculate the relevant Interest Amount and/or Cash Settlement Amount and/or make any 
other relevant calculation using, in lieu of a published price or level for that Commodity or 
Commodity Index, as the case may be, the price or level for that Commodity or Commodity 
Index as determined by the Calculation Agent using the Commodity Fallback Value; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may substitute the relevant Commodity, Commodity Reference Price or 
Index Component with a Commodity, Commodity Reference Price or Index Component, as the 
case may be, selected by it in accordance with the criteria set out below (each, a “Substitute 
Commodity”, “Substitute Commodity Reference Price” or a “Substitute Index 
Component”) for each Commodity, Commodity Reference Price or Index Component, as the 
case may be, (each, an “Affected Commodity”, “Affected Commodity Reference Price” or 
“Affected Index Component”, as the case may be), which is affected by the Market Disruption 
Event and the Substitute Commodity, Substitute Commodity Reference Price or Substitute Index 
Component, as the case may be, will be deemed to be a “Commodity”, “Commodity Reference 
Price” or an “Index Component”, as the case may be, for the purposes of the Notes, and the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment(s), if any, to any one or more of the Weighting 
and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms 
as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines appropriate to take account of the substitution, provided that in the event that any 
amount payable under the Notes was to be determined by reference to the initial price of the 
Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price or the Index Component, as the case may be, the 
initial price or level of each Substitute Commodity, Substitute Commodity Reference Price or 
Substitute Index Component, as the case may be, will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
In order to be selected as a Substitute Commodity, the Substitute Commodity shall be valued on 
the basis of a futures contract on similar terms to the Affected Commodity, relating to the same 
Commodity as the Affected Commodity and, if relevant, with a delivery date corresponding to 
the Affected Commodity.  
In order to be selected as a Substitute Commodity Reference Price, the Substitute Commodity 
Reference Price shall be a benchmark, price or quotation selected by the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner and which in its determination is or 
will be used by market participants as a substitute for the Affected Commodity Reference Price.  
In order to be selected as a Substitute Index Component, the Substitute Index Component shall 
be an alternative futures contract or commodity index relating to a futures contract on similar 
terms to the Affected Index Component.

--- Page 610 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
610 
 
 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment(s) (if any) will be deemed to be effective as of the 
date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner which may, but need not, be the relevant date of the Market 
Disruption Event. Such substitution will be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable 
after the Substitution Date in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices); or 
(c) 
 
(i) 
unless Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by 
payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note less, except in the case of 
Italian Listed Notes or if Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices);  
(ii) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, on 
giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not 
some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by 
such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 
11(a); 
(iii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, on giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some 
only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such 
Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 
11(b); or 
(iv) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but 
not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held 
by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base 
Condition 11(c); or 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Market Disruption Event constitutes a force 
majeure, and if Commodity Linked Note Condition 3(c)(v) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will, on giving notice to Noteholder in accordance with Base Condition 16 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in 
respect of each Note held by such Noteholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market 
value of a Note taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs 
(other than such costs that are unavoidable to early redeem the Notes at their fair market value)

--- Page 611 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
611 
 
 
and no such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the date 
notified to the Noteholders in the notice of early redemption. 
(d) 
in the case of a Commodity that is an EU Allowance, the Calculation Agent may determine, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, the appropriate adjustment(s), if 
any, to be made to the EU Allowance, the Commodity Reference Price and/or any of the other 
terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to take account of the 
Market Disruption Event and determine the effective date of such adjustment.  
4. 
Adjustments to a Commodity Index 
 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports a Commodity Index 
If a relevant Commodity Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent, or (b) replaced by a successor commodity index using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation 
of that Commodity Index, then in each case that commodity index (the "Successor Commodity Index") 
will be deemed to be the Commodity Index. 
 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Commodity Index 
If (a) on or prior to the last Averaging Date, the last Observation Date, the Final Interest Pricing Date or 
the Final Pricing Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material change 
in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant Commodity Index or in any other way materially 
modifies that Commodity Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain the Commodity Index in the event of changes in constituent contracts or commodities and other 
routine events) (a "Commodity Index Modification"), or permanently cancels a relevant Commodity 
Index and no Successor Commodity Index exists (a "Commodity Index Cancellation"), or (b) on any 
Averaging Date, Observation Date, Interest Pricing Date or other Pricing Date, the Index Sponsor or (if 
applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Commodity Index (a 
"Commodity Index Disruption" and, together with a Commodity Index Modification and a Commodity 
Index Cancellation, each a "Commodity Index Adjustment Event"), then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Commodity Index Adjustment Event has a material 
effect on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the Relevant Price using, in lieu of a published level 
for that Commodity Index, the Commodity Fallback Value; or 
(ii) 
(A) 
unless Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). If the Notes are so 
redeemed, the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note, 
being redeemed at an amount equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account

--- Page 612 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
612 
 
 
the Commodity Index Adjustment Event, less, except in the case of Italian Listed Notes 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, payment being made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices); 
(B) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in 
respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date 
determined, in accordance with Note Condition 11(a); 
(C) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Note Condition 16 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in 
respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date 
determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(b); or 
(D) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an 
amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such 
date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(c); or 
(E) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Commodity Index Adjustment Event 
constitutes a force majeure, and if Commodity Linked Note Condition 4(b)(v) is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, on giving notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such 
Noteholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into 
account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than such 
costs that are unavoidable to early redeem the Notes at their fair market value) and no 
such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the date 
notified to the Noteholders in the notice of early redemption. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Notes as it 
determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes. 
5. 
Correction of Commodity Reference Price

--- Page 613 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
613 
 
 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Notes, if the Commodity Reference Price published on a given day 
and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is 
subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange or any other person 
responsible for the publication or announcement of the Commodity Reference Price within 30 calendar 
days of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant Commodity as so 
corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to a due date for 
payment under the Notes will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining 
the relevant amount. 
6. 
Rolling Futures Contract Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are "Rolling Futures Contract Notes", the Commodity 
Reference Price in respect of the Notes will be valued by reference to rolling futures contracts each of 
which have delivery months that do not correspond with the term of the Notes. In such case, on or prior 
to the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent will select the relevant Futures Contract and for each following 
day until the Futures Rollover Date such futures contract will be the Futures Contract for the purposes of 
the Commodity Reference Price. On each Futures Rollover Date, the Calculation Agent will select 
another Futures Contract and such contract shall be the Futures Contract for the purposes of the 
Commodity Reference Price until the next occurring Futures Rollover Date. If on a Futures Rollover Date 
a Market Disruption Event or a Commodity Index Adjustment Event occurs and it is impossible or 
materially impracticable for the Calculation Agent to select a Futures Contract and/or at such time hedge 
the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes then the provisions of Commodity Linked Note Condition 
3 (Consequence of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks) and Commodity Linked Note 
Condition 4 (Adjustments to a Commodity Index), as applicable, shall apply to the Notes. 
7. 
EU Emissions Allowances 
If one or more Commodities are specified to be an "EU Allowance" in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of any such Commodity, the following additional provisions shall apply to these Commodity 
Linked Note Conditions: 
"Abandonment of Scheme" means the Scheme is, as a result of official written public pronouncement 
by the European Community, no longer scheduled to proceed or is to be discontinued; 
"Absence of Registry Operation" means, other than by reason of the occurrence of an Administrator 
Event, the absence of: 
(i) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the Relevant Registry; 
(ii) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the EUTL; 
(iii) the establishment of and continuing functioning of the link between each of the Relevant 
Registry and the EUTL; and/or

--- Page 614 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
614 
 
 
(iv) the continued functioning of the link between each of the LSTL and the EUTL; 
"Administrator Event" means the suspension of some or all of the processes of the Relevant Registry, 
the EUTL or, if applicable, the LSTL, in accordance with the Registries Regulation by the relevant 
National Administrator or the Central Administrator (as applicable) (i) where that Relevant Registry is 
not operated and maintained in accordance with the provisions of the Registries Regulation, or any other 
applicable law, (ii) for the purpose of carrying out scheduled or emergency maintenance, (iii) where there 
has been, or following reasonable suspicion of, a breach of security which threatens the integrity of the 
registries system (including any back up facilities) or (iv) where the mutual recognition of EU Allowances 
under a relevant Linking Agreement has been suspended in accordance with the terms of such Linking 
Agreement; 
"Central Administrator" means the person designated by the EU Commission to operate and maintain 
the EUTL pursuant to Article 20(1) of the Emissions Directive; 
"Emissions Directive" means Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
13 October 2003 establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance trading within the 
Community and amending Council Directive 96/61/EC, as amended from time to time; 
"EU Allowance" means an allowance to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide (CO2) equivalent during a 
specified period which is valid for meeting emissions related commitment obligations under the Scheme 
and including allowances stemming from emission trading systems that are linked with the EU ETS 
pursuant to Article 25 of the Emissions Directive relating to a specified compliance period which may be 
either the Third Compliance Period or the Fourth Compliance Period depending on the underlying of the 
Commodity Reference Price; 
"EU ETS" has the meaning given to it in the Emissions Directive; 
"EUTL" means the independent transaction log provided for in Article 20(1) of the Emissions Directive, 
the operation of which is further detailed in Article 5 of the Registries Regulation; 
"Fourth Compliance Period" means the period starting on 1 January 2021 and ending on 31 December 
2030; 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, 
any Affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent or any third party) from time to time 
who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes or where no such party hedges such 
obligations, a Hypothetical Investor, who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such 
obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or be deemed to hold such number of EU Allowances, or enter 
or be deemed to enter into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the 
performance of, such number of EU Allowances as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the 
Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the 
Notes;

--- Page 615 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
615 
 
 
"Holding Account" means a form of digital record maintained in a Registry (pursuant to and in 
accordance with the Registries Regulation) that is able to be used to record the allocation (if applicable), 
holding and transfer of EU Allowances that are to be delivered in respect of any hedging arrangements 
entered into by the Hedge Provider pursuant to and in accordance with the Scheme; 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in the context of the relevant situation), which may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or 
organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation 
Agent or any of their Affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant 
situation); 
"Linking Agreement" means an agreement between the European Union and a non-Member State on 
the linking of their greenhouse gas emissions trading systems, as envisaged under Article 25 of the 
Emissions Directive and which has entered into force in accordance with its terms, as amended from time 
to time; 
"LSTL" means a transaction log of a non-Member State that is linked to the EUTL under the terms of a 
relevant Linking Agreement; 
"National Administrator" means (i) the entity responsible for administering, on behalf of a Member 
State, a set of user accounts under the jurisdiction of a Member State in the Union Registry as designated 
in accordance with Article 7 of the Registries Regulation or (ii) the entity identified as an administrator 
in respect of an LSTL; 
"Registries Regulation" means the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/1122 of 12 March 
2019 supplementing Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the 
functioning of the Union Registry, as amended from time to time; 
"Registry" or "Relevant Registry" means the registry established by a Member State, a non-Member 
State or the EU, in order to ensure the accurate accounting of the issue, holding, transfer, acquisition, 
surrender, cancellation and replacement of EU Allowances. For the avoidance of doubt, references to a 
Registry shall include the Union Registry and the Holding Accounts within the Union Registry that are 
under the jurisdiction of a single National Administrator designated by a Member State and will together 
be deemed to be a Registry for that Member State, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheme" means the scheme for transferring EU Allowances established pursuant to the Emissions 
Directive and the Registries Regulation, and as implemented by the national laws of Member States; 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means an event or circumstance beyond the control of the Hedge 
Provider that cannot, after the use of all reasonable efforts, be overcome and which makes it impossible 
for such Hedge Provider to deliver or accept EU Allowances in accordance with the terms of the any 
hedging arrangments entered into by the Hedge Provider or otherwise trade EU Allowances or there is 
any limitation, restriction or impossibility of transfer of EU Allowances in the market generally. For the

--- Page 616 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
616 
 
 
avoidance of doubt, the inability of the Hedge Provider to deliver EU Allowances as a result of 
insufficient EU Allowances available to it, whether caused by the low or non-allocation of EU 
Allowances by a Member State or any other state, the delay or failure of a Member State or Central 
Administrator to replace allowances for a subsequent compliance period or the failure to procure 
sufficient EU Allowances to meet its delivery obligations, shall not constitute a Settlement Disruption 
Event; 
"Third Compliance Period" means the period starting on 1 January 2013 and ending on 31 December 
2020; and 
"Union Registry" means the Registry referred to as the "Union registry" in Article 19(1) of the Emissions 
Directive.

--- Page 617 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
617 
 
 
ANNEX 7 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as Inflation Linked Notes shall comprise the terms and conditions of Notes (the "Base 
Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes set out below (the "Inflation 
Linked Note Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between (i) the Base Conditions and (ii) the Inflation Linked Note Conditions, the Inflation Linked Note 
Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Definitions 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, five Business Days prior to such Valuation Date; 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Valuation Date, that the Index Sponsor fails to 
publish or announce the Relevant Level; 
"Fallback Bond" means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the 
country to whose level of inflation the Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the 
same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no such 
bond maturing on the Maturity Date or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date, if no bond 
defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the level of 
inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond 
that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, 
Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to 
the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the 
Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more 
than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the 
Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will select a 
new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original 
Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged); 
"Index Cancellation" means a level for the Inflation Index has not been published or announced for two 
consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Inflation Index and/or the Index Sponsor 
announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index and no Successor 
Index exists; 
"Index Modification" means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the Index Sponsor announces that it will 
make (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating the Inflation Index or in any other way materially modifies the Inflation Index;

--- Page 618 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
618 
 
 
"Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level of 
the Inflation Index which as of the Issue Date of the Notes is the index sponsor set out in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Inflation Index" or "Inflation Indices" means the index or indices specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
"Rebased Index" has the meaning given to it under Inflation Linked Note Condition 4 (Adjustments) 
below; 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month specified in the applicable Final Terms for which the 
level of the Inflation Index was reported, regardless of when this information is published or announced. 
If the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference 
Month shall be the period for which the Reference Level was reported; 
"Related Bond" means the bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If the Related Bond 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback Bond", then for any Related Bond determination, the 
Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms there 
will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related Bond in the applicable Final Terms and that 
bond redeems or matures before the relevant Maturity Date unless "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related 
Bond determination; 
"Related Bond Redemption Event" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, at any 
time prior to the Maturity Date, (a) the Related Bond is settled, repurchased or cancelled, (b) the Related 
Bond becomes repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason, or (c) the issuer of the 
Related Bond announces that the Related Bond will be redeemed, repurchased or cancelled prior to its 
stated date of maturity; 
"Relevant Level" means, in respect of any Valuation Date, the level of the Inflation Index, in respect of 
any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuer 
in respect of such Valuation Date at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date; 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each Cash 
Settled Note, the Relevant Level; 
“Strike Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Successor Inflation Index" has the meaning given to it in Inflation Linked Note Condition 3 (Successor 
Inflation Index) below;

--- Page 619 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
619 
 
 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" means, in respect of a Delayed Index Level Event, the Index Level 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with Inflation Linked Note Condition 2 below (Delay in 
Publication); and 
"Valuation Date" means the Interest Valuation Date(s) and/or the Redemption Valuation Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Inflation Index 
has occurred with respect to any Valuation Date, then the Relevant Level with respect to any Reference 
Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
and/or the Issuer with respect to such Valuation Date (the "Substitute Inflation Index Level") shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to Inflation Linked Note Condition 4.2 (Substitute 
Inflation Index Level) below as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the corresponding index 
level determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; or 
(b) 
if (i) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) the 
Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level under (a) above, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the 
following formula: 
Substitute Inflation Index Level = Base Level × (Latest Level⁄Reference Level); 
where: 
"Base Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month 
for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined; 
"Latest Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Inflation Index 
Level is being determined; and 
"Reference Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published 
or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month 
in respect of the Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) 
of any Substitute Inflation Index Level.

--- Page 620 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
620 
 
 
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant Cut-Off Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The 
Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this Inflation Linked Note Condition 2 will 
be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
3. 
Successor Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Inflation Index is not calculated and announced 
by the Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no 
longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Inflation 
Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a "Successor Inflation Index") 
(in lieu of any previously applicable Index) for the purposes of the Notes as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine a "Successor Inflation Index" by reference to the corresponding successor index 
determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; 
(b) 
if (i) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) a Related 
Bond Redemption Event has occurred and Fallback Bond is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer publish or announce 
the Inflation Index but that it will be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index specified by 
the Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement Inflation Index 
is calculated using the same or a substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used 
in the calculation of the Inflation Index, such replacement index shall be designated a "Successor 
Inflation Index"; 
(c) 
if no Successor Inflation Index has been deemed under (a) or (b) the Calculation Agent shall ask 
five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation Index 
should be; if between four and five responses are received, and of those four or five responses, 
three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the 
"Successor Inflation Index"; if three responses are received, and two or more leading 
independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation 
Index"; if fewer than three responses are received by the Cut-Off Date or if each of the responses 
received state different indices the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative 
index, and such index will be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(d) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index there will be 
deemed to be no Successor Index and an Index Cancellation will be deemed to have occurred. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor 
Inflation Index shall be deemed to replace the Index for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes. 
Notice of the determination of a Successor Inflation Index, the effective date of the Successor Inflation 
Index or the occurrence of an Index Cancellation will be given to Noteholders of the Inflation Linked 
Notes by the Issuer in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices).

--- Page 621 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
621 
 
 
4. 
Adjustments 
 
Successor Inflation Index 
If a Successor Inflation Index is determined in accordance with Inflation Linked Note Condition 3 
(Successor Inflation Index) above, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments 
(without limitation) to the Final Redemption Amount payable under the Notes (if any) and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any such adjustment 
in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
 
Substitute Inflation Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Inflation Index Level in accordance with Inflation Linked 
Note Condition 2 (Delay in Publication) above, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or 
adjustments (without limitation) to (a) the Substitute Inflation Index Level determined in accordance with 
Inflation Linked Note Condition 2 (Delay in Publication) above and/or (b) the Interest Amount and/or 
Final Redemption Amount payable under the Notes (if any) and/or any other relevant term of the Notes, 
in each case, as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, provided that if Inflation Index Level Adjustment is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will only be permitted to make any such adjustment in 
accordance with this Inflation Linked Note Condition 4.2 if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
delay in publication was not attributable to the Issuer, but substantially, alters the economics of the Notes 
compared to the economics as of the Issue Date. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any 
such adjustment in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
 
Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(a) 
The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level (disregarding estimates) by the Index 
Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and, subject to Inflation Linked Note 
Condition 4.6 (Index Modification) below, later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not 
be used in any calculations, save that in respect of the EUR-All Items-Revised Consumer Price Index, the 
ESP National-Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) and the ESP-Harmonised-Revised Consumer Price 
Index HCPI, revisions to the Relevant Level which are published or announced up to and including the 
day that is two Business Days prior to any relevant Valuation Date will be valid and the revised Relevant 
Level for the relevant Reference Month will be deemed to be the final and conclusive Relevant Level for 
such Reference Month. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any valid revision in accordance 
with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
(b) 
If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to a Valuation Date in respect of which a Relevant 
Level will be used in any calculation or determination in respect of such Valuation Date, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Index Sponsor has corrected the Relevant Level to correct a manifest error, the 
Calculation Agent may make any adjustment to any relevant Interest Amount and/or the Final

--- Page 622 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
622 
 
 
Redemption Amount payable under the Notes (if any) and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
appropriate as a result of such correction and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result 
of that correction. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any such adjustment and/or amount 
in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
(c) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of a Valuation 
Date in respect of which a Substitute Inflation Index Level was determined, the Calculation Agent may 
either (i) determine that such Relevant Level shall not be used in any calculation or determination under 
the Inflation Linked Notes and that the Substitute Inflation Index Level shall be deemed to be the 
definitive Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month, or (ii) to make any adjustment to any relevant 
Interest Amount and/or the Final Redemption Amount payable under the Notes (if any) and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes as it deems appropriate as a result of the announcement or publication of the 
Relevant Level and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of such publication or 
announcement. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any determination in respect of (i) or 
(ii), together with any adjustment or amount in respect thereof, in accordance with Base Condition 16 
(Notices). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Inflation Index Level Adjustment is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will only be permitted to make any such adjustment in 
accordance with this Inflation Linked Note Condition 4.3 if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
delay in publication was not attributable to the Issuer, but substantially, alters the economics of the Notes 
compared to the economics as of the Issue Date 
 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Specified Currency or Settlement 
Currency, as applicable, (whether relating to its convertibility into other currencies or otherwise) which 
the Calculation Agent determines necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to the Final Redemption 
Amount and/or any other relevant term of the Notes (including the date on which any amount is payable 
by the Issuer), the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment or adjustments to the Final Redemption 
Amount and/or any Interest Amount and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
deems necessary acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, provided that if Currency 
Adjustment is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will only be 
permitted to make any such adjustment if the Calculation Agent determines that the event affecting the 
Specified Currency or the Settlement Currency was not attributable to the Issuer, but substantially alters 
the economics of the Notes compared to the economics as of the Issue Date. The Issuer shall give notice 
to the Noteholders of any such adjustment in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the 
Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for purposes of determining the Relevant

--- Page 623 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
623 
 
 
Level from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent may make (a) if 
Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any adjustments as are made pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the 
Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as before the rebasing, and/or (b) if Related Bond 
is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event has 
occurred, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the 
Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased, and in 
each case the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment(s) to any relevant Interest Amount and/or the 
Final Redemption Amount payable under the Notes (if any) and/or any other term of the Notes as the 
Calculation Agent may deem necessary acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. If 
the Calculation Agent determines that neither (a) nor (b) above would produce a commercially reasonable 
result, the Issuer may redeem each Note on a date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance 
with Base Condition 16 (Notices), in which event the Issuer will pay to each Noteholder in respect of 
each such Note, an amount equal to the fair market value of a Note, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as at the date of redemption taking into account the rebasing, less, unless or if Unwind Costs are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending 
any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of any adjustment, redemption of the Notes or 
determination pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 
16 (Notices). 
 
Index Modification 
(a) 
If on or prior to the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent determines that 
an Index Modification has occurred, the Calculation Agent may (i) if Related Bond is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, make any adjustments to the relevant Inflation Index, any Relevant 
Level and/or any other relevant term of the Notes (including, without limitation, the Final Redemption 
Amount payable under the Notes), consistent with any adjustments made to the Related Bond as the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, or (ii) 
if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or a Related Bond Redemption 
Event has occurred, make only those adjustments to the relevant Inflation Index, any Relevant Level 
and/or any other term of the Inflation Linked Notes (including, without limitation, any relevant Interest 
Amount and/or the Final Redemption Amount payable under the Notes), as the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner for the modified Index to 
continue as the relevant Inflation Index and to account for the economic effect of the Index Modification. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred at any time after the Cut-Off 
Date in respect of any Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent may determine either to ignore such Index 
Modification for the purposes of any calculation or determination made by the Calculation Agent with 
respect to such Valuation Date, in which case the relevant Index Modification will be deemed to have 
occurred with respect to the immediately succeeding Interest Payment Date and/or Maturity Date, as the 
case may be, such that the provisions of paragraph (a) above will apply, or, notwithstanding that the Index

--- Page 624 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
624 
 
 
Modification has occurred following the Cut-Off Date, to make any adjustments as the Calculation Agent 
deems fit in accordance with paragraph (a) above. 
 
Index Cancellation 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cancellation has occurred, the Issuer may: 
elect for the Calculation Agent to calculate the relevant Interest Amount and/or relevant level using, in 
lieu of a published level for that Inflation Index, the level for that Inflation Index, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Inflation Index last 
in effect prior to cancellation; 
(i) 
unless Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, redeem all but not some only of the Notes on the date notified by the 
Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) in which event the Issuer 
will pay to each Noteholder in respect of such Note held by him an amount equal to fair market 
value of a Note as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the date of redemption taking into 
account the Index Cancellation, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related underlying 
hedging arrangements, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to Noteholders 
in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices); 
(ii) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, on 
giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not 
some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by 
such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 
11(a);  
(iii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, on giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some 
only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such 
Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 
11(b); or 
(iv) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but 
not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held 
by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base 
Condition 11(c); or 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Index Cancellation constitutes a force majeure, 
and if Inflation Linked Note Condition 4.7(b)(v) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of

--- Page 625 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
625 
 
 
each Note held by such Noteholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a 
Note, taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than 
such costs that are unavoidable to early redeem the Notes at their fair market value) and no such 
costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the date notified to the 
Noteholders in the notice of early redemption.

--- Page 626 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
626 
 
 
ANNEX 8 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as Currency Linked Notes shall comprise the terms and conditions of Notes (the "Base 
Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Currency Linked Notes set out below (the "Currency 
Linked Note Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between (i) the Base Conditions and (ii) the Currency Linked Note Conditions, the Currency Linked Note 
Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Definitions  
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such day is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next 
calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such 
date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Currency Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) 
shall apply; 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the Base Currency, Alternative Currency and/or Alternative 
Currencies, splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates; 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Disruption Event has occurred; 
"FX Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such day 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next 
calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such 
date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Currency Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) 
shall apply;

--- Page 627 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
627 
 
 
"FX Digital Level" means:  
(a) if FX Digital Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average of the Settlement Prices for all the FX Averaging Dates;  
(b) if Single Resettable Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement 
Price on the FX Digital Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Resettable Adjustment; or 
(c) if Multiple Resettable Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a 
Resettable Period, the Settlement Price on the FX Digital Observation Date specified for such 
Resettable Period plus or minus, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Resettable 
Adjustment; 
"FX Digital Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such 
date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the 
next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"FX Knock-in Level" means:  
(a) if Knock-in Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the arithmetic 
average of the Settlement Prices for all the Knock-in Averaging Dates;  
(b) if Single Resettable Knock-in is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement 
Price on the Knock-in Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Resettable Adjustment; or 
(c) if Multiple Resettable Knock-in is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of a Resettable Knock-in Period, the Settlement Price on the Knock-in Observation Date specified 
for such Resettable Knock-in Period plus or minus, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Resettable Adjustment; 
"FX Knock-out Level" means:

--- Page 628 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
628 
 
 
(a) if Knock-out Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the arithmetic 
average of the Settlement Prices for all the Knock-out Averaging Dates;  
(b) if Single Resettable Knock-out is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price on the Knock-out Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
(c) if Multiple Resettable Knock-out is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of a Resettable Knock-out Period, the Settlement Price on the Knock-out Observation Date specified 
for such Resettable Knock-out Period plus or minus, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Resettable Adjustment; 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base Currency, 
Alternative Currency and/or Alternative Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation 
Agent or Issuer to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation 
Agent or Issuer to hedge its obligations under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant 
Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such Averaging 
Date or Settlement Price Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant 
price source); 
"Knock-in Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such 
date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the 
next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-out Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such 
date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the 
next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a

--- Page 629 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
629 
 
 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-in Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such 
date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the 
next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-out Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such 
date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the 
next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such 
date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the 
next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or reporting the 
rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 630 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
630 
 
 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the 
Settlement Price is calculated; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Resettable Knock-in Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Resettable Knock-out Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Resettable Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence 
of a Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in 
accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal financial centres of 
the Base Currency and Alternative Currency or Alternative Currencies; 
"Settlement Price Date" means each Averaging Date, Strike Day, Strike Date, FX Averaging Dates, FX 
Digital Observation Date, Knock-in Averaging Date, Knock-out Averaging Date, Knock-in Observation 
Date, Knock-out Observation Date, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days; 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next 
calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such 
date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Currency Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) 
shall apply; 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next 
calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such

--- Page 631 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
631 
 
 
date), in each case, unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Currency Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) 
shall apply; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Valuation Date" means the Interest Valuation Date and/or the Redemption Valuation Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such 
Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day (if Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding 
Currency Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Note Condition 
3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the time at which the 
Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated; and 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
2. 
Disruption Events 
The occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base Currency, Alternative Currency 
and/or Alternative Currencies, shall be a Disruption Event: 
(a) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(b) 
unless specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Illiquidity Disruption; 
(c) 
Dual Exchange Rate; or 
(d) 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to (a), (b) (if applicable) 
or (c). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that but for the occurrence of the 
Disrupted Day would have been an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day 
or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
3. 
Consequences of a Disruption Event

--- Page 632 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
632 
 
 
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day 
on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the Price Source) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply the applicable Disruption 
Fallback in determining the consequences of the Disruption Event. 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Settlement Price when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a Settlement 
Price Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the Price Source). The Calculation Agent shall take the relevant actions 
specified in either (a), (b) or (c) below. 
(a) if a Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent will determine that the relevant 
Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day (in the case of any Settlement Price Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an 
Averaging Date or Strike Day) unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the originally scheduled 
Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day in which case the Calculation Agent may determine that 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Settlement Price Date 
(irrespective of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already a Settlement Price 
Date) and may determine the Settlement Price by using commercially reasonable efforts to 
determine a level for the Alternative Currency as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day taking into consideration all available information that in good faith it deems 
relevant; or 
(b) (i) 
if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, and 
unless any of Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Disruption Event Highest Value, Market 
Value or Monetisation Option are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 
(Notices). If the Notes are so redeemed, the Issuer will pay an amount to each Holder in respect of 
Note being redeemed at an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note taking into account 
the Disruption Event, less, except in the case of Italian Listed Notes or if Unwind Costs are specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices); or 
(ii) if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, and 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of 
each Note, taking into account the Disruption Event, less, except in the case of Italian Listed 
Notes or if Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements

--- Page 633 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
633 
 
 
(the "Calculated Currency Disruption Amount") as soon as practicable following the 
occurrence of the Disruption Event (the "Calculated Currency Disruption Amount 
Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Currency Disruption Amount 
plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated Currency Disruption Amount 
Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost 
at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable 
Final Terms);  
(iii) if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, and 
if Highest Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on, giving notice to 
Holders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Notes and pay to each Holder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Holder calculated 
and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(a);  
(iv) if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, and 
if Market Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, on giving notice to 
Holders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Notes and pay to each Holder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Holder calculated 
and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(b); or 
(v) if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, and 
if Monetisation Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, on giving 
notice to Holders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some 
only of the Notes and pay to each Holder an amount in respect of each Note held by such 
Holder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(c); 
or 
(vi) if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, and 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Disruption Event constitutes a force majeure, 
and if Currency Linked Note Condition 3(b)(vi) is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer will, on giving notice to Holders in accordance with Base Condition 16 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Holder an amount in 
respect of each Note held by such Holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value 
of a Note, taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other 
than such costs that are unavoidable to early redeem the Notes at their fair market value) and 
no such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Holders on the date notified to 
the Holders in the notice of early redemption; 
(c) 
unless Disruption Event Postponement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
notwithstanding any provisions in the Conditions to the contrary, postpone any payment date related

--- Page 634 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
634 
 
 
to such Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the 
ordinary course, be provided or announced by the Price Source), as the case may be (including the 
Maturity Date) until the Business Day following the date on which a Disruption Event is no longer 
subsisting and no interest or other amount shall be paid by the Issuer in respect of such 
postponement. 
4. 
Settlement Price 
"Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Alternative Currency and a Settlement Price Date, and subject 
to Currency Linked Note Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) above, an amount equal to 
the spot rate of exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time on such Settlement 
Price Date, for the exchange of such Alternative Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the 
number of units (or part units) of the Alternative Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can 
be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal 
places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of 
the bid and offer Alternative Currency/Base Currency exchange rates (expressed as aforesaid) at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date, of two or more leading dealers (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent), Provided That 
if the relevant rate of exchange is derived from two or more rates of exchange, the Settlement Price shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent as provided above acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner on the basis of each such rate of exchange. 
5. 
Futures Price Valuation  
If "Futures Price Valuation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the following 
provisions shall apply to these Currency Linked Note Conditions: 
"Settlement Price" means in relation to each Note an amount equal to the Daily Settlement Price for the 
relevant Current Exchange-traded Contract, as determined by the Calculation Agent on (i) if Averaging 
is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date (as defined in Currency Linked Note 
Condition 1) or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date (as defined 
in Currency Linked Note Condition 1). If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, no such price 
can be determined, other than as a consequence of the occurrence of a Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as the Daily Settlement Price on such date, having 
regard to the then prevailing market conditions, the last reported Daily Settlement Price and such other 
factors as the Calculation Agent determines relevant. 
For the purpose of determining whether a day is a Scheduled Trading Day where Futures Price Valuation 
applies, "Scheduled Trading Day" will be deemed to mean a day on which the Daily Settlement Price of 
the relevant Current Exchange-traded Contract is scheduled to be published by the relevant Futures or 
Options Exchange.

--- Page 635 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
635 
 
 
If Futures Price Valuation applies, the Disrupted Day provisions in the Base Conditions and/or these 
Currency Linked Note Conditions will not apply in relation to any Current Exchange-traded Contract. 
For these purposes: 
"Current Exchange-traded Contract" means (a) if the Notes are not Rolling Futures Contract Notes, 
the Exchange-traded Contract and (b) if the Notes are Rolling Futures Contract Notes, the futures contract 
determined pursuant to Currency Linked Note Condition 6 (Rolling Futures Contract Notes) below. 
"Daily Settlement Price" means the daily settlement price (howsoever described under the rules of the 
relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house) of the relevant Exchange-traded Contract 
published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Daily Settlement Price Correction Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if none, one Settlement Cycle. 
"Exchange-traded Contract" means the futures or options contract(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, in each case, identified by reference to (a) the Alternative Currency and Base Currency (the 
"Currency Pair") to which it relates, (b) the ISIN or any other unique identifier of such contract, (c) the 
Futures or Options Exchange on which each such contract is traded and (d) (i) if the Notes are not Rolling 
Futures Contract Notes, the expiry month of such contract or (ii) if the Notes are Rolling Futures Contract 
Notes, the specified period of each such contract and the Futures Rollover Date. 
"Exchange Business Day" means any day on which the relevant Futures or Options Exchange is open 
for trading during its respective regular trading session(s). 
"Futures or Options Exchange" means the relevant exchange specified in the description of the 
Exchange-traded Contract in the applicable Final Terms or any successor to such exchange. 
"Futures Rollover Date" means either: 
(a) the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner within the period (the "Futures Rollover Period") specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract" means there is no Daily 
Settlement Price as a result of the fact that trading in the Exchange-traded Contract never commences or 
is permanently discontinued at any time on or prior to the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or other date 
for valuation or observation or other relevant date, as the case may be, of the relevant Current Exchange-
traded Contract. 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 636 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
636 
 
 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Exchange-traded Contract, the period of Exchange Business 
Days following a trade in such Exchange-traded Contract on the relevant Futures or Options Exchange 
in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such Futures or Options Exchange. 
Currency Linked Note Condition 2 (Disruption Events) and Currency Linked Note Condition 3 
(Consequences of a Disruption Event) will not apply if Futures Price Valuation applies. 
If Futures Price Valuation applies, references to "Alternative Currency" in the definition of "Underlying 
Reference" in the Base Conditions, Formulas Conditions (except for the definition of "Underlying 
Reference" for the purposes of the Fixed Income Payouts and Fixed Income Interest Rates) is deemed to 
be a reference to a "Current Exchange-traded Contract". 
6. 
Rolling Futures Contract Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are "Rolling Futures Contract Notes", the Notes will 
be valued by reference to futures contracts relating to the Currency Pair that have expiry months that do 
not correspond with the term of the Notes. In such case, on or prior to the Issue Date, the Calculation 
Agent will select an Exchange-traded Contract and for each following day until the Futures Rollover Date 
such futures contract will be the Current Exchange-traded Contract. On each Futures Rollover Date the 
Calculation Agent will select another Exchange-trade Contract and such contract will be the Current 
Exchange-traded Contract until the next occurring Futures Rollover Date. Notwithstanding the provisions 
of Currency Linked Note Condition 7 (Adjustments to an Exchange-traded Contract) or Currency Linked 
Note Condition 8 (Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract) if on a 
Futures Rollover Date a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract occurs 
and it is impossible or materially impracticable for the Calculation Agent to select an Exchange-traded 
Contract and/or at such time hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes then: 
(a) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the 
Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). If the Notes are 
so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note, being redeemed 
equal to the fair market value of such Note taking into account the Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices); or 
(b) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the fair market value of each Note taking into account the Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying

--- Page 637 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
637 
 
 
related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable 
following the occurrence of the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract 
(the "Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount Determination Date") and on the Redemption Date 
shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated 
Contract Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated Contract 
Adjustment Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Redemption Date at a rate equal to Issuer's 
funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount. 
7. 
Adjustments to an Exchange-traded Contract 
In the event that the terms of an Exchange-traded Contract are changed or modified by the Futures or 
Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make the appropriate adjustment, if any, to any of the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for such change or modification. 
8. 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract 
Where there is a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, the Issuer may 
take the action described in (a) below or require the Calculation Agent to take the action described in (b) 
below: 
(i) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 
16 (Notices). If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in 
respect of each Note, being redeemed equal to the fair market value of such Note taking into 
account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, less, 
unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices); or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note taking into account the Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract less, unless Unwind Costs 
are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated 
Contract Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable following the Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (the "Calculated Contract Adjustment 
Amount Determination Date") and on the Redemption Date shall redeem each Note at an

--- Page 638 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
638 
 
 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Contract Adjustment 
Amount plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated Contract Adjustment Amount 
Determination Date to but excluding the Redemption Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost 
at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount; or 
 
(i) replace the relevant Exchange-traded Contract affected by the Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (the "Affected Exchange-traded Contract") 
with a substitute Exchange-traded Contract (the "Substitute Exchange-traded Contract") 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, has similar contract specifications to those of the Affected Exchange-traded 
Contract and (ii) make such adjustments to adjust the terms of the Notes as it determines acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to be appropriate to preserve the 
economic position of the Noteholders prior to such replacement. Such replacement will be 
deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, and specified in the notice referred to below. The 
Substitute Exchange-traded Contract will be deemed to be an "Exchange-traded Contract" for 
the purposes of the Notes. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Italian Listed Notes the Calculation Agent will 
adjust any relevant terms of the Notes as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes. 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear 
Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), of any determination made by it pursuant 
to this Currency Linked Note Condition 8 and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto 
and the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), 
shall make available for inspection by Noteholders copies of any such determinations. 
9. 
Correction of the Daily Settlement Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Notes, if the Daily Settlement Price published on a given day and 
used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently 
corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange, within the number 
of days equal to the Daily Settlement Price Correction Period of the original publication, the Daily 
Settlement Price to be used shall be the Daily Settlement Price as so corrected. Corrections published 
after the day which is three Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Notes will be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid.

--- Page 639 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
639 
 
 
ANNEX 9 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as Fund Linked Notes shall comprise the terms and conditions of Notes (the "Base 
Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes set out below (the "Fund Linked 
Note Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
(i) the Base Conditions and (ii) the Fund Linked Note Conditions, the Fund Linked Note Conditions shall prevail.  
Fund Linked Note Conditions 1 to 6 (inclusive) apply to Fund Linked Notes other than Fund Linked Notes relating 
to Euro Funds. 
1. 
Definitions 
"AUM Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day; 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that an Extraordinary Fund Event occurs in respect of one or more Funds 
comprising the Fund Basket or the Fund Index, as the case may be, which has or, in the event that an 
Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred in respect of more than one Fund, together have, a Weighting in 
the Fund Basket or the Fund Index, as the case may be, equal to or greater than the Basket Trigger Level; 
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Calculation Date" means each day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
each day which is a Fund Business Day; 
"Delayed Payment Cut-off Date" has the meanting given in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, the date falling two calendar years after the originally designated Maturity Date; 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the date 
on which such Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner;  
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund" means each Mutual Fund;  
"Fund Basket" means, where the Fund Linked Notes are linked to the performance of Fund Shares of 
more than one Fund or more than one Fund Index, a basket comprising such Fund Shares or Fund Indices, 
as the case may be;

--- Page 640 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
640 
 
 
"Fund Business Day" means either (i) with respect to a single Fund, Fund Business Day (Single Fund 
Share Basis), or (ii) in respect of a Fund Basket or a Fund Index, either Fund Business Day (All Fund 
Shares Basis) or Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Fund Business Day (Per 
Fund Share Basis) shall apply; 
“Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)” means, with respect to a Fund Basket or a Fund Index, 
a date (i) that is a Fund Valuation Date for all Fund Shares comprised in the Fund Basket or a Fund Index, 
as the case may be and (ii) on which the Hedge Provider has, or could have, a subscription or redemption 
order for each such Fund Share executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund 
Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date; 
"Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" means, with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that is a 
Fund Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Share and (ii) on which the Hedge Provider has, or could 
have, a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share 
published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value) in 
respect of such Fund Valuation Date; 
"Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)" means with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that is 
a Fund Valuation Date and (ii) on which the Hedge Provider has, or could have, a subscription or 
redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the 
Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value) in respect of such Fund Valuation 
Date;  
"Fund Documents" means, with respect to any Fund Share, the offering document of the relevant Fund 
in effect on the Hedging Date specifying, among other matters, the terms and conditions relating to such 
Fund Share and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements in respect of the Fund, 
as further described in any Fund Document; 
"Fund Index" means an index comprising one or more funds (each such Fund comprising a Fund Index 
a "Fund Index Component") and specified as a Fund Index in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the 
level of the Fund Index, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified in respect of a Fund 
Index in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, 
directly or indirectly, in respect of such Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including 
any advisor, manager, administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-
custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent, sponsor or 
general partner and any other person specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 641 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
641 
 
 
"Fund Share(s)" means (i) an ownership interest issued to or held by an investor in a Fund or any other 
interest specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) in the case of a Fund Index, the shares (or 
other ownership interest) in a Fund Index Component comprised in each such Fund Index; 
"Fund Valuation Date" means any date as of which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, the Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is or but for the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event would have been scheduled to determine the NAV per Fund Share; 
"Hedge Fund" means the hedge fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, 
an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Notes or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical Investor, who shall be 
deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or be 
deemed to hold such number of Fund Shares, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement to 
purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number of Fund Shares as it (or 
in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer 
as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant Notes; 
"Hedging Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in the context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Share which is deemed to have the benefits and 
obligations, as provided in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding a Fund Share at the 
relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or 
organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation 
Agent or any of their affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant 
situation); 
"Implied Embedded Option Value" means an amount (which may never be less than zero) equal to the 
present value as of the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date of any scheduled but unpaid 
payments under the Notes in respect of the period from (and including) the Extraordinary Fund Event 
Effective Date to (and including) the Maturity Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner but, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained herein, taking into account, without limitation, such factors as the net proceeds actually 
received from the redemption or sale of any Fund Shares by the Hedge Provider, the volatility of the Fund 
Shares and any transaction costs; 
"Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date" means the date determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be the earlier of (a) the date on which the Hedge Provider receives redemption proceeds in full 
in respect of its holding of Fund Shares (which for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the scheduled 
Maturity Date) or (b) the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date;

--- Page 642 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
642 
 
 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, the Hedging Date; 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of Fund Business Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, 10 Fund Business Days; 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares and Entity (as defined below), any (i) 
reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity with or into another entity or person (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange in which such Entity, 
is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares 
outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of an Entity that 
results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares 
owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which 
the Entity is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such 
Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such 
other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the Extraordinary Fund Event 
Effective Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is on or before the Final Calculation Date. For 
the purposes of this definition of "Merger Event" only, "Shares" shall mean the applicable Fund Shares 
or the shares of any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require, and "Entity" shall 
mean the applicable Fund or any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require. 
"Mutual Fund" means the mutual fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"NAV per Fund Share" means, with respect to the relevant Fund Shares and a Fund Business Day, (i) 
the net asset value per Fund Share as of the related Fund Valuation Date, as reported by the Fund Service 
Provider that generally publishes or reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors or a 
publishing service, or (ii) if the Fund Service Provider of the Fund publishes or reports only the aggregate 
net asset value of the Fund Shares, the net asset value per Fund Share calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the basis of such aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares divided by the number of Fund Shares 
issued and outstanding as of the related Fund Valuation Date;  
"NAV Trigger Event" means, in respect of the Fund Shares, that (i) the NAV per Fund Share has 
decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) at any time during the 
related NAV Trigger Period, or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or 
affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgement of any court or other 
agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any other contractual 
restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets;

--- Page 643 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
643 
 
 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund 50 per cent., or (ii) a Hedge Fund 50 per cent.; 
"NAV Trigger Period" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified 
the period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt the period could be equal to specified number of consecutive or non-
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount" means an amount per Note determined by the sum 
of: 
(i) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Simple Interest; 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means the number of calendar days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or if not so specified, with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund, 5 calendar days, or (ii) a Hedge 
Fund, 10 calendar days; 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, or 
if any such date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day; 
"Principal Protected Termination Amount" means an amount per Note determined as: 
(i) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
A. 
the greater of: 
the Protected Amount; and 
(a) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
B. 
the Simple Interest; or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is not specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Implied Embedded Option Value; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Private Equity Fund" means the private equity fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 644 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
644 
 
 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, if the Notes are Hybrid Notes and Hybrid Business Day is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, for the purpose of determining whether a day is a Hybrid 
Business Day, a Fund Business Day; 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Cash Settled Note, subject to the provisions of this Annex 
and as referred to in "Valuation Date" or "Averaging Date" or "Observation Date", as the case may be:  
(a) in the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Fund Indices and in respect of each Fund 
Index comprising the Basket of Fund Indices, an amount (which shall be deemed to be a monetary 
value in the Fund Index Currency) equal to the official level for each such Fund Index published by 
the Fund Index Sponsor as determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the level of each such Fund Index determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation 
Time on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Strike Date, Observation 
Date or the Valuation Date, as the case maybe, or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either case, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) in the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to a single Fund Index, an amount equal to the official 
level of the Fund Index published by the Fund Index Sponsor as determined by the Calculation 
Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of the Fund Index determined by 
the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Strike Date, Observation Date or the Valuation Date, as the case maybe, or (b) if 
Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date; 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation 
Date, as the case may be; 
"Simple Interest" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount of interest 
that would accrue on the Implied Embedded Option Value during the period from (and including) the 
Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date to (and excluding) the later of (i) the Maturity Date 
or (ii) the date falling five Business Days after the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date 
calculated on the basis that such interest were payable by the Floating Rate Payer under an interest rate 
swap transaction incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the “ISDA Definitions”) published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date 
of the Notes, provided that, the Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, select any successor or replacement definitional booklet to the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(as supplemented from time to time for interest rate derivatives), in which case ISDA Definitions will 
mean any such successor or replacement definitional booklet to the 2006 ISDA Definitions) under which: 
A. 
the "Effective Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date; 
B. 
the "Termination Date" is the Termination Date; 
C. 
the "Floating Rate Payer Payment Date" is the Termination Date;

--- Page 645 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
645 
 
 
D. 
the "Floating Rate Option" is EUR-EONIA-Swap Index (if the Settlement Currency is EUR) 
or USD-Federal Funds-H.15 (if the Settlement Currency is USD); 
E. 
the "Simple Interest Spread" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified 
minus 0.125 per cent.; 
F. 
the "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" is Actual/360; 
G. 
the "Reset Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date and each date 
falling three calendar months after the previous Reset Date; and 
H. 
"Compounding" is "Inapplicable"; 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not 
a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day; 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the Fund or Fund Service Provider, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies 
or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant;  
"Termination Amount" means:  
(i) 
unless Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as applicable:  
A. 
the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
B. 
the Principal Protected Termination Amount; or  
C. 
the Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount,  
in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, such amount to be payable on the 
Termination Date; or 
(ii) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in respect 
of each Note calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 
11(a); or

--- Page 646 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
646 
 
 
(iii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, pay to each Noteholder 
an amount in respect of each Note calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance 
with Base Condition 11(b); or 
(iv) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, pay to each 
Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and paid on 
such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 11(c); 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Extraordinary Fund Event or combination 
of Extraordinary Fund Events constitutes a force majeure, and if Fund Event Force Majeure is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, pay to each Noteholder an amount in 
respect of each Note equal to the fair market value of a Note, taking into account such event 
(provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than such costs that are unavoidable to 
early redeem the Notes at their fair market value) and no such costs shall be deducted), such 
amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the date notified to the Noteholders in the notice of early 
redemption; 
"Termination Date" means (i) the date determined by the Issuer as provided herein and specified in the 
notice given to Noteholders in accordance with Fund Linked Note Condition 4.2(c), or (ii) if Delayed 
Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; and  
"Valuation Date" means the Interest Valuation Date(s) and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Fund Business Day, the 
immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
2. 
Extraordinary Fund Events 
Subject to the provisions of Fund Linked Note Condition 3 (Determination of Extraordinary Fund Events) 
"Extraordinary Fund Event" means the occurrence or continuance at any time on or after the Trade 
Date of any of the following events as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Global Events: 
 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of a Fund Service Provider, 
ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, custodian, prime brokerage, or any 
other relevant business (as applicable) (ii) is dissolved or has a resolution passed, or there is any proposal, 
for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation 
or merger); (iii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iv)(1) 
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or

--- Page 647 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
647 
 
 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or 
petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in sub-clause (iv) (1) above and 
either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making 
of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its 
assets; (vi) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vii) causes or is subject to any event with 
respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the 
events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) above; or 
 
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer; 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events: 
 
there exists any litigation against the Fund or a Fund Service Provider which the Calculation Agent 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, could materially affect the 
value of the Fund Shares or the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares; or 
 
(i) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the Fund, or any Fund Service 
Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that any 
such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (ii) any investigative, judicial, administrative or other 
civil or criminal proceedings is commenced or is threatened against the Fund, any Fund Service Provider 
or any key personnel of such entities if such allegation, determination, suspicion or proceedings could, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, 
materially affect the value of the Fund Shares or the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund 
Shares; 
Fund Service Provider/Key Person Events: 
 
(i) a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the Fund and is not immediately 
replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent and/or (ii) any event occurs 
which causes, or will with the passage of time (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) cause, the failure 
of the Fund and/or any Fund Service Provider to meet or maintain any obligation or undertaking under

--- Page 648 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
648 
 
 
the Fund Documents which failure is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the Fund 
Shares or on the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares; or 
 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund or a Fund Service 
Provider ceases to act in such capacity, and the relevant Fund Service Provider fails to appoint a 
replacement having similar qualifications to those of the key individual or individuals ceasing to act; 
Modification Events: 
 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions, 
investment process or investment guidelines of the Fund (howsoever described, including the underlying 
type of assets in which the Fund invests), from those set out in the Fund Documents, or any announcement 
regarding a potential modification or deviation, except where such modification or deviation is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature; 
 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any announcement 
regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), 
of the type of assets (i) in which the Fund invests, or (ii) the Fund purports to track; 
 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material modification, of the 
Fund (including but not limited to a material modification of the Fund Documents or to the Fund's 
liquidity terms) other than a modification or event which does not affect the Fund Shares or the Fund or 
any portfolio of assets to which the Fund Share relates (either alone or in common with other Fund Shares 
issued by the Fund); 
 
the creation by the Fund of any illiquid share class or unit howsoever described; 
 
the currency denomination of the Fund Shares is amended from that set out in the Fund Documents so 
that the NAV per Fund Share is no longer calculated in the same currency as it was as at the Trade Date; 
 
if applicable, the Fund ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the legislation of its 
relevant jurisdiction; or 
 
following the issue or creation of a new class or series (howsoever described in the Fund Documents) of 
shares or units by the Fund, the Calculation Agent determines taking into consideration the potential 
cross-liability between classes of shares or units (howsoever described in the Fund Documents) that such 
new class or series has or may have an adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in 
relation to the Notes;  
NAV per Fund Share/AUM Level Events: 
 
a material modification of the method of calculating the NAV per Fund Share; 
 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the NAV per Fund Share;

--- Page 649 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
649 
 
 
 
any suspension of the calculation or publication of the NAV per Fund Share; 
 
the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Share that the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, would make it impossible or impracticable for the 
Calculation Agent to determine the NAV per Fund Share; 
 
any of the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any other party acting on behalf of the Fund fails for any 
reason to calculate and publish the NAV per Fund Share within the Number of NAV Publication Days 
following any date scheduled for the determination of the valuation of the Fund Shares unless the cause 
of such failure to publish is of a technical nature and outside the immediate and direct control of the entity 
responsible for such publication; 
 
any Fund Service Provider uses asset prices provided by the investment manager (howsoever described 
in the Fund Documents) to calculate the NAV per Fund Share when such asset prices could have been 
obtained from independent sources and the asset prices from independent sources materially diverge from 
the asset prices provided by the investment manager (howsoever described in the Fund Documents); 
 
the assets under management of the Fund falls below the AUM Level; 
 
(i) the Calculation Agent determines, at any time, that the NAV per Fund Share is inaccurate, or (ii) the 
reported net asset value of the Fund Shares misrepresents the net asset value of the Fund Shares; 
 
a NAV Trigger Event occurs; or 
 
(i) in the case of a Hedge Fund only, the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund 
Share is different from the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Share 
communicated by the relevant Fund Service Provider in respect of the same date, (ii) the auditors of the 
Fund qualify any audit report, or refuse to provide an unqualified audit report, in respect of the Fund, 
and/or (iii) the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, does 
not deem the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Share to be representative of 
the actual net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Share; 
Reporting Events: 
 
any failure of the Fund, or its authorised representative, to deliver or publish, or cause to be delivered or 
published, (i) information that the Fund has agreed to deliver or publish, or agreed to cause to be delivered 
or published, to the Calculation Agent or Hedge Provider, or (ii) information that has been previously 
delivered to the Hedge Provider or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the Fund's, 
or its authorised representative's, normal practice and that the Hedge Provider deems necessary for it or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment guidelines, 
asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the Fund Share; or

--- Page 650 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
650 
 
 
 
any Fund Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, with any 
information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the investment portfolio or 
other activities or undertakings of the Fund; 
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events: 
 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations relating 
to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging arrangements entered into 
by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Notes (a "Tax Event") and, subject as provided below, the Hedge 
Provider has, for a period of one calendar month following the day the relevant Tax Event became known 
to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by seeking to transfer 
such hedging arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under 
any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any 
kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes 
apparent at any time that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Tax Event; or 
 
any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or a Fund Service Provider are or become unlawful, 
illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any present or future 
law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial 
authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction (including, but not 
limited to, any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Fund), (ii) a relevant authorisation or 
licence is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority in respect of the Fund or a Fund 
Service Provider or new conditions are imposed, or existing conditions varied, with respect to any such 
authorisation or licence, (iii) the Fund is required by a competent authority to redeem any Fund Shares, 
(iv) the Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority or any other relevant entity to dispose of or 
compulsorily redeem any Fund Shares held in connection with any hedging arrangements relating to the 
Notes and/or (v) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of the Fund or any Fund 
Service Provider that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the Fund Shares or 
other activities or undertakings of the Fund or on the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund 
Shares, including any Hedge Provider;  
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events: 
 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Notes, as a result of any adoption of, or any 
change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after the Trade Date, or 
issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or 
informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any law, 
order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other relevant 
event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or impractical for the Hedge Provider to 
hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider to modify any reserve, 
special deposit, or similar requirement or that would adversely affect the amount or cost of regulatory

--- Page 651 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
651 
 
 
capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any holding of Fund Shares or that would subject 
a holder of the Fund Shares or the Hedge Provider to any loss), purchase or sell the relevant Fund Shares 
or any underlying assets of or related to the Fund or for the Hedge Provider to maintain such hedging 
arrangements and, (ii) subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar 
week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the 
effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated company, 
provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which 
would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one calendar week set out above 
shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes at any time apparent that there is no practicable 
means of mitigating the Relevant Event; 
 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, if the cost to the Hedge Provider in 
relation to the Notes and the related hedging arrangements (including, but not limited to, new or increased 
taxes, duties, expenses or fees (or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once) would be 
materially increased or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss relating to the Notes and 
the related hedging arrangements; 
 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, the Hedge Provider is unable or it 
becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset it deems necessary to hedge the Issuer's obligations under 
the Notes or (ii) to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction or asset, including, 
without limitation, where such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (A) any restrictions or 
increase in charges or fees imposed by the Fund on any investor's ability to redeem a Fund Share, in 
whole or in part, or any existing or new investor's ability to make new or additional investments in such 
Fund Share, or (B) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such Fund Share;  
 
at any time on or after the Trade Date of the first tranche of the Series, the Hedge Provider directly or 
indirectly acquires or retains any ownership interest in or sponsors a covered fund that is not subject to 
an exemption under 12 U.S.C. §1851 (the "U.S. Volcker Rule"); 
 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur an increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, capital and/or funding 
costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the Notes; or 
 
at any time on or after the Trade Date of the first issue of the Series, (i) the Hedge Provider unintentionally 
acquires directly or indirectly any ownership interest in a Fund that exceeds 10 per cent. of the total assets 
under management or (ii) as a consequence of changes in the performance, size, investment strategy or 
liquidity of a Fund, the Hedge Provider holds an ownership interest in such Fund that exceeds 10 per cent. 
of the total assets under management; 
Dealing Events:

--- Page 652 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
652 
 
 
 
the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a subscription or redemption order 
in respect of any Fund Shares (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, any non-execution by the Fund 
pending completion of its fiscal audit) (ii) the Fund suspends or refuses transfers of any of its Fund Shares 
(including, without limitation, if the Fund applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar 
provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of Fund Shares), (iii) the Fund 
imposes in whole or in part any restriction (including, without limitation, any redemption in specie), 
charge or fee in respect of a redemption or subscription of its Fund Shares by the Hedge Provider or 
exercises its right to claw back the proceeds already paid on redeemed Fund Shares, if in any case it could 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner have an adverse impact on the Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging 
activities in relation to the Notes, or (iv) a mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the Fund Shares 
is imposed by the Fund on any one or more holders of Fund Shares at any time for any reason; 
Miscellaneous Events: 
 
in the case of Notes linked to a Fund Basket or a Fund Index, a Basket Trigger Event occurs;  
 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider defaults under, materially modifies, or terminates any rebate 
agreements in place with the Issuer, the Hedge Provider or any of its Affiliates; 
 
if the Fund is part of an umbrella structure with more than one sub-fund, a cross-contamination or other 
failure to segregate the portfolio of assets held by the Fund occurs between different series, classes and/or 
sub-funds; 
 
any security granted by the Fund or any Fund Service Provider over any of its assets is enforced or 
becomes capable of being enforced or any arrangement which in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent is comparable to security over any such assets (including without limitation any repo or prime 
brokerage arrangement) becomes enforceable or capable of early termination or any derivatives, repo, 
securities lending or other trading or dealing arrangement relating to the assets of the Fund becomes 
enforceable or terminable early by reason of any event of default (howsoever described) relating to the 
Fund or the relevant Fund Service Provider; or 
 
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any Fund Service 
Provider or any parent company (howsoever described) of the Fund, by Moody's Investors Service Inc., 
or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("Moody's"), and/or Standard and Poor's Rating Group 
(a division of McGraw-Hill, Inc.), or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("S&P"), is 
downgraded below A (S&P) or A2 (Moody's) and/or the short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any Fund Service Provider by Moody's or S&P is downgraded below 
A-1 (S&P) or P-1 (Moody's). 
References solely in this Fund Linked Note Condition 2 (Extraordinary Fund Events) to:

--- Page 653 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
653 
 
 
"Fund" shall include the Fund and any funds in which it invests any of its investible assets from time to 
time; and 
"Fund Shares" shall include the Fund Shares and the shares or units in any Fund (as defined in paragraph 
(i) above) 
All of the events listed in this Fund Linked Note Condition 2 (Extraordinary Fund Events) will constitute 
an Extraordinary Fund Event, unless SC/FM Fund Events is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case the events described in Fund Linked Note Conditions 2.13, 2.17, 2.26, 2.27 (iv), 
2.27 (v), 2.28, 2.29, 2.30, 2.31, 2.32 and 2.34(iii) will not constitute an Extraordinary Fund Event. 
3. 
Determination of Extraordinary Fund Events 
The Calculation Agent will determine if an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. Where the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances is 
capable of triggering more than one Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer may determine which 
Extraordinary Fund Event is to be triggered. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an Extraordinary Fund 
Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from the Trade Date, of any event 
or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of circumstances occurs more than once. 
4. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent 
shall give notice (an "Extraordinary Fund Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), of the occurrence of such Extraordinary Fund 
Event (the date on which an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice is given, an "Extraordinary Fund Event 
Notification Date") as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event. The Extraordinary Fund Event Notice shall set out, if determined at that time, the action that 
the Issuer has determined to take in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event pursuant to Fund Linked 
Note Condition 4.2 (in the case of a Fund that is not a Fund Index Component) or Fund Linked Note 
Condition 4.3 (in the case of a Fund that is a Fund Index Component) below. Where the action that the 
Issuer has determined to take is not, for whatever reason, set out in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, 
the action that the Issuer has determined to take shall be set out in a subsequent notice given to 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after the 
Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, underperformance or 
opportunity cost suffered or incurred by any Noteholder or any other person in connection with the Notes 
as a result of any delay in notifying Noteholders of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, 
howsoever arising. If the Calculation Agent gives an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, the Issuer shall 
have no obligation to make any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes until the Issuer has determined

--- Page 654 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
654 
 
 
the action that it has determined to take pursuant to Fund Linked Note Condition 4.2 or Fund Linked Note 
Condition 4.3, as the case may be. 
 
In the case of a Fund that is not a Fund Index Component, following the occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event, the Issuer may take the action described below in 4.2(a), (b) or (c) provided that, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred or is continuing on the 
Delayed Payment Cut-off Date in accordance with the provisions of Fund Linked Note Condition 5 
(Redemption Date/Automatic Early Redemption Date/ Termination Date Extension) below, the Issuer 
shall determine that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is "Termination". 
(a) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be 
"Adjustment", then the Calculation Agent may determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more Fund, Fund Share 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms to take account of the Extraordinary Fund Event and determine the effective date of such 
adjustment.  
(b) 
Substitution 
If the Issuer determines that the action in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be "Substitution", 
the Calculation Agent shall: 
(i) 
determine the weighted average price at which a Hypothetical Investor can redeem the Fund 
Shares in the relevant Fund (the "Affected Fund") in such number as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as soon as it is 
reasonably practicable following the Extraordinary Fund Event; 
(ii) 
for a period of not longer than 14 calendar days following the date on which a Hypothetical 
Investor would have received proceeds from a redemption order in full submitted by the Hedge 
Provider as soon as practicable following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, use 
reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund Shares with shares, units or other similar interests in an 
alternative fund which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, has similar characteristics to the Affected Fund, including 
but not limited to, comparable investment objectives, investment restrictions and investment 
processes and has service providers acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub-paragraph (ii) above, use 
reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund with an index (or a fund tracking such index) selected 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(iv) 
following any substitution in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii) above, the Issuer may 
require the Calculation Agent make such determinations and/or adjustments to these Terms and

--- Page 655 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
655 
 
 
Conditions and/or the Final Terms as it determines to be appropriate to take account of such 
Substitution. 
(c) 
Termination 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be 
"Termination", on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) (which 
such notice may be included in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice in respect of the relevant 
Extraordinary Fund Event and will specify the Termination Date), all but not some only of the outstanding 
Notes shall be redeemed by payment of the Termination Amount on the Termination Date, payment being 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 
(Notices). 
 
In the case of a Fund that is a Fund Index Component, following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund 
Event, the Issuer may take the action described below in 4.3(a), (b) or (c): 
(a) 
if the Extraordinary Fund Event occurs or is subsisting on a Settlement Price Date, require the 
Calculation Agent to determine the relevant index level and the Settlement Price for such date 
using the NAV per Fund Share for each Fund Index Component comprising the relevant Fund 
Index in accordance with (A) and (B) below in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the index level on the date on which the Extraordinary Fund Event occurs; 
(A) 
with respect to each Fund Index Component which is not affected by an Extraordinary 
Fund Event, the index level will be calculated using the NAV per Fund Share of such 
Fund Index Component on the relevant Settlement Price Date; and 
(B) 
with respect to each Fund Index Component which is affected by an Extraordinary Fund 
Event (each an "Affected Fund Index Component"), the index level will be calculated 
using the NAV per Fund Share of such Fund Index Component on the first Fund 
Business Day following the relevant Settlement Price Date on which no Extraordinary 
Fund Event occurs or is subsisting with respect to the Affected Fund Index Component, 
unless an Extraordinary Fund Event in respect of the Affected Fund Index Component 
is occurring for the number of consecutive Fund Business Days equal to the Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the relevant Settlement Price Date. In that 
case the last such consecutive Fund Business Day shall be deemed to be the Settlement 
Price Date for the Affected Fund Index Component, notwithstanding the Extraordinary 
Fund Event and the Calculation Agent will determine the price of the Affected Fund 
Index Component based upon the price at which a Hypothetical Investor can sell or 
otherwise realise any hedge positions in respect of an Affected Fund Index Component 
during the period of five Fund Business Days following such Settlement Price Date; 
(b) require the Calculation Agent to use reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund Index that includes the 
Affected Fund Index Component (the "Affected Fund Index") with an alternative fund index

--- Page 656 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
656 
 
 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) measures the same (or a substantially similar) market or economic reality as 
the Affected Fund Index, including, but not limited to, the method of calculation; or 
(c) 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) (which such notice 
may be included in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice in respect of the relevant Extraordinary 
Fund Event), redeem all but not some only of the outstanding Notes by payment of the 
Termination Amount on the date determined as set out in the definition of Termination Amount, 
payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
 
General 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer is under 
no duty to consider the interests of Noteholders or any other person. In making any determination as to 
which action to take following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, neither the Issuer nor the 
Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect of loss of interest), 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Noteholders or any other person in 
connection with the Notes as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as a result of any delay in 
making any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
Interest Payment Date/Maturity Date/Automatic Early Redemption Date/Termination Date 
Extension 
In the case of Cash Settled Notes, if on the date falling two Business Days prior to the originally 
designated Maturity Date or Automatic Early Redemtpion Date the Hedge Provider has not, after having 
placed one or more redemption orders in respect of its holding of Fund Shares in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Fund Documents, received redemption proceeds in full in respect of such Fund 
Shares (the "Redemption Proceeds"), the Calculation Agent may postpone the Maturity Date or 
Automatic Early Redemption Date and notify the Noteholders thereof in accordance with Base Condition 
16 (Notices). 
As soon as practicable following receipt by the Hedge Provider of the Redemption Proceeds the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) (such 
notice the "Delayed Payment Notice") and redeem the Notes on the date falling not more than five 
Business Days following the receipt of the Delayed Payment Notice (such date, the "Postponed 
Redemption Date") by payment to each Noteholder of the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, provided that, if the Hedge Provider does not receive the 
Redemption Proceeds within the period ending on (and including) the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred and is continuing 
on the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date and shall notify Noteholders thereof in accordance with the

--- Page 657 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
657 
 
 
procedures set out in Fund Linked Note Condition 4 above, and in accordance with Base Condition 16 
(Notices) and the provisions of Fund Linked Note Condition 4.2(c) shall apply.  
In the case of interest bearing Notes, if on the date falling two Business Days prior to an Interest Payment 
Date, as applicable, the Hedge Provider has not, after having placed one or more redemption orders in 
respect of its holding of Fund Shares in accordance with the terms of the relevant Fund Documents, 
received redemption proceeds in full in respect of such Fund Shares (the "Redemption Proceeds"), the 
Calculation Agent may notify the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) that such 
Interest Payment Date has been postponed. As soon as practicable following receipt by the Hedge 
Provider of the Redemption Proceeds the Calculation Agent shall give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) (such notice the "Delayed Payment Notice") and the Issuer 
shall pay the Interest Amount in respect of the Interest Period ending on or immediately preceding the 
Interest Payment Date on the date falling not more than five Business Days following the receipt of the 
Delayed Payment Notice (such date, the "Postponed Payment Date") and no additional amount shall be 
payable in respect of such delay, provided that, if the Hedge Provider does not receive the Redemption 
Proceeds within the period ending on (and including) the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred and is continuing on the Delayed 
Payment Cut-off Date and shall notify Noteholders thereof in accordance with the procedures set out in 
Fund Linked Note Condition 4 above (Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event), and in accordance 
with Base Condition 16 (Notices) and the provisions of Fund Linked Note Condition 4.2(c) shall apply.  
6. 
Fund Index Adjustment Event 
If (a) on or prior to any Settlement Price Date, the relevant Fund Index Sponsor makes or announces that 
it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant Fund Index or in 
any other way materially modifies that Fund Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula 
or method to maintain the Fund Index in the event of changes in the Fund Index Components and other 
routine events) (a "Fund Index Modification"), or permanently cancels a relevant Fund Index and no 
successor Fund Index exists (a "Fund Index Cancellation"), or (b) on any Settlement Price Date, the 
Fund Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the successor Fund Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce 
a relevant Fund Index (a "Fund Index Disruption" and, together with a Fund Index Modification and a 
Fund Index Cancellation, each a "Fund Index Adjustment Event"), then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Fund Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the 
Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant value, level or price using, in lieu of a published level for that 
Fund Index, the level for that Fund Index as at the Valuation Time on such Settlement Price Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that 
Fund Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those Fund Index 
Components that comprised that Fund Index immediately prior to that Fund Index Adjustment Event; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may use commercially reasonable efforts to select a successor fund index which in 
its opinion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner measures the same (or a 
substantially similar) market or economic reality as the original Fund Index and, upon selection of such

--- Page 658 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
658 
 
 
fund index, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices) and such fund index will be deemed to be the "Fund Index" for the purpose of the 
Notes and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to one or more of the terms of the 
Notes as it (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines appropriate; or 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent may determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner such 
other appropriate adjustments, if any, to be made to the terms of the Notes to account for the Fund Index 
Adjustment Event and determine the effective date of those adjustments; or 
(A) 
unless Highest Value, Market Value, Monetisation Option or Delayed Redemption on Fund 
Index Adjustment Event are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 
16 (Notices). If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in 
respect of each Note being redeemed equal to the fair market value of such Note taking into 
account the Fund Index Adjustment Event, less, except in the case of Italian Listed Notes or if 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices); or 
(B) 
if Delayed Redemption on Fund Index Adjustment Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note 
taking into account the Fund Index Adjustment Event less, except in the case of Italian Listed 
Notes or if Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
"Calculated Fund Index Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable following the 
occurrence of the Fund Index Adjustment Event (the "Calculated Fund Index Adjustment 
Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Fund Index Adjustment Amount 
plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated Fund Index Adjustment Amount 
Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to Issuer’s funding cost at 
such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount; or 
(C) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) redeem all but not some 
only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such 
Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 
11(a); or 
(D) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some

--- Page 659 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
659 
 
 
only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such 
Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 
11(b); or 
(E) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) redeem all but 
not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held 
by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base 
Condition 11(c); or 
(F) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Fund Index Adjustment Event constitutes a force 
majeure, and if Fund Linked Note Condition 6(iv)(F) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of 
each Note held by such Noteholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a 
Note, taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than 
such costs that are unavoidable to early redeem the Notes at their fair market value) and no such 
costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the date notified to the 
Noteholders in the notice of early redemption; or 
(G) 
in the case of a Fund Index Modification which occurs on the last Valuation Date, last Averaging 
Date or last Observation Date only, the Calculation Agent may elect to calculate the level of the 
Fund Index, using in lieu of the published level for the Fund Index as of the Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, the level of the Fund Index as of that 
date determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the Fund Index last in effect prior to the Fund Index Modification but using only 
those Fund Index Components that comprised the Fund Index prior to the Fund Index 
Modification. 
Fund Linked Note Conditions 7 to 10 (inclusive) apply to Fund Linked Notes relating to Euro Funds.  
7. 
Definitions relating to Euro Funds 
"Euro Fund" means the insurance or investment policy or capitalisation contract backed by euro-
denominated assets offered by the Insurance Company on the terms set out in the Euro Fund Documents 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Euro Fund Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the relevant Euro Fund Business Day Centre(s). 
"Euro Fund Business Day Centre" means each place specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 660 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
660 
 
 
"Euro Fund Documents" means, with respect to any Euro Fund, the offering document of the relevant 
Euro Fund offered by the Insurance Company in effect on the Hedging Date specifying, among other 
matters, the terms and conditions relating to such Euro Fund and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other 
documents or agreements in respect of the Euro Fund, as further described in any Euro Fund Document. 
"Euro Fund Valuation Date" means any date as of which, in accordance with the Euro Fund Documents, 
the Insurance Company is or, but for the occurrence of an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event would have 
been, scheduled to publish the Gross Rate of Return. 
"Extraordinary Euro Fund Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Euro Fund 
Event, the date on which such Extraordinary Euro Fund Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Floor Rate of Return" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Gross Rate of Return" means, in respect of the relevant Euro Fund and a Euro Fund Valuation Date, 
the gross rate of return (which is exclusive of any applicable taxes, duties, expenses, management fees 
and/or social security contributions), which a policyholder of such Euro Fund is entitled to receive in 
respect of their investment in the Euro Fund for such Euro Fund Valuation Date, as determined and 
published by the Insurance Company in accordance with the Euro Fund Documents on the website of the 
Insurance Company specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other website as may be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, 
an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Notes or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical Investor, who shall be 
deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or be 
deemed to hold an insurance or investment policy or capitalisation contract in respect of the Euro Fund, 
or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the 
performance of, such insurance or investment policy or capitalisation contract in respect of the Euro Fund 
as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a 
prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant Notes. 
"Hedging Date" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in the context of the relevant situation) in a Euro Fund which is deemed to have the benefits and 
obligations, as provided in the relevant Euro Fund Documents, of an investor in the Euro Fund at the 
relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or 
organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation 
Agent or any of their Affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant 
situation).

--- Page 661 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
661 
 
 
"Insurance Company" means the insurance company specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Provisional Minimum Rate" means, in respect of the relevant Euro Fund and a Euro Fund Valuation 
Date, the provisional minimum rate of return in respect of the Euro Fund for such Euro Fund Valuation 
Date as published by the Insurance Company from time to time on the website of the Insurance Company 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other website as may be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). In the event that no such Provisional Minimum Rate is 
published in respect of the Euro Fund, the Provisional Minimum Rate shall be zero. 
8. 
Failure to publish the Gross Rate of Return 
If, in respect of a Euro Fund Valuation Date, the Gross Rate of Return is not published by or on behalf of 
the Insurance Company, then the Gross Rate of Return shall be deemed to be (i) the last available 
Provisional Minimum Rate in respect of such Euro Fund Valuation Date or (ii) if specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Floor Rate of Return, provided that, if the Gross Rate of Return in 
respect of such Euro Fund Valuation Date is not published or if no Provisional Minimum Rate has been 
published and there is no Floor Rate of Return specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, as a 
consequence of an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event, the provisions of Fund Linked Note Condition 10 will 
apply. 
9. 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Events 
The occurrence of any of the events described below shall be deemed to be a "Extraordinary Euro Fund 
Event", the consequences of which are set out in Fund Linked Note Condition 10 (Consequences of an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event): 
(i) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Insurance Company announces that it has 
calculated or applied, or will calculate or apply, the Gross Rate of Return in respect of the Euro Fund 
in a manner that is different to that which is described in the Euro Fund Documents; 
(ii) a redemption by the Insurance Company of a policyholder's investment in the Euro Fund or 
cancellation of any such Euro Fund, where the consideration for such redemption or cancellation is 
cash or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption or cancellation of such investment initiated 
by a policyholder in such Euro Fund that is consistent with the Euro Fund Documents; 
(iii) a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material modification, of 
the Euro Fund (including, but not limited to, a material modification of the Euro Fund Documents); 
(iv) a consolidation, amalgamation, partial asset contribution or merger of the Insurance Company, as 
the case may be, with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger in which the Insurance Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in any

--- Page 662 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
662 
 
 
change to the Euro Fund), (ii) a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal 
or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the assets of 
the Insurance Company, or (iii) the sale, transfer, segregation or desegregation (statutory or 
otherwise) of, or proposed sale, transfer, segregation or desegregation (statutory or otherwise) of, 
the assets and/or contracts of the Insurance Company, in each case which, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, has, or may in the future have, an impact before the last occurring Euro Fund 
Valuation Date in respect of the Notes, on the Gross Rate of Return, the Provisional Minimum Rate 
or the general assets of the Insurance Company based on which the Gross Rate of Return is 
determined; 
(v) the Insurance Company (i) ceases trading; (ii) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails 
or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (iii) is dissolved or 
has a resolution passed, or there is any proposal, for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (iv) makes a general assignment 
or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (v)(1) institutes or has instituted against it, by 
a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar 
official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in sub-clause (v)(1) above and either (x) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of 
an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained; (vi) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; (vii) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets 
or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued 
on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (viii) causes or is 
subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an 
effect analogous to any of the events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vii) above; 
(vi) there exists any litigation against the Insurance Company which the Calculation Agent determines, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, could materially affect the Gross 
Rate of Return, the Provisional Minimum Rate or the rights or remedies of any policyholder in 
respect of the Euro Fund;

--- Page 663 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
663 
 
 
(vii) any relevant activities of the Insurance Company in relation to the Euro Fund are or will become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any 
present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, 
legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, in any applicable 
jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the 
registration or approval of the Insurance Company by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity 
with authority over the Insurance Company), (ii) a relevant authorisation or licence is revoked, 
lapses or is under review by a competent authority in respect of the Euro Fund or the Insurance 
Company or new conditions are imposed, or existing conditions varied, with respect to any such 
authorisation or licence, (iii) the Insurance Company is required by a competent authority to redeem 
or cancel any policy in respect of the Euro Fund, (iv) the Hedge Provider is required by a competent 
authority or any other relevant entity to dispose of or compulsorily terminate hedging arrangements 
relating to the Notes, (v) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of the Euro 
Fund or the Insurance Company that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the Gross 
Rate of Return, the Provisional Minimum Rate, the general assets of the Insurance Company based 
on which the Gross Rate of Return is determined or other activities or undertakings of the Insurance 
Company or on the rights or remedies of any policyholder or Hedge Provider against the Insurance 
Company and/or (vi) the Insurance Company is the subject of an investigation, proceeding or 
litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority, involving an alleged violation 
of applicable law, for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such Euro Fund; or 
(viii) any failure by the Insurance Company to publish or deliver or cause to be published or delivered (i) 
any information that such Insurance Company has agreed to publish or deliver or cause to be 
published or delivered to the Calculation Agent or the Hedge Provider in respect of the Euro Fund, 
or (ii) any information that has previously been delivered to the Calculation Agent or the Hedge 
Provider in accordance with the Insurance Company's or its authorised representative's customary 
practices, and which the Calculation Agent considers necessary to determine and verify the Gross 
Rate of Return. 
10. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event 
If an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event occurs in relation to a Euro Fund, the Issuer may take any of the 
relevant action(s) described in (a), (b) or (c) below as it deems appropriate: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the relevant Extraordinary Euro 
Fund Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may 
include, without limitation, adjustments to account for changes to the Gross Rate of Return, the 
Provisional Minimum Rate or to the Notes;

--- Page 664 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
664 
 
 
(ii) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Extraordinary Euro Fund Event is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay 
an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Notes being redeemed equal to the fair market 
value of such Note taking into account the Extraordinary Euro Fund Event, less, unless Unwind 
Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, payment 
being made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices); or 
(iii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Extraordinary Euro Fund Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note 
taking into account the Extraordinary Euro Fund Event less, unless Unwind Costs are specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Extraordinary Euro 
Fund Event Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Extraordinary 
Euro Fund Event (the "Calculated Extraordinary Euro Fund Event Amount Determination 
Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Extraordinary Euro Fund Event Amount plus 
interest accrued from and including the Calculated Extraordinary Euro Fund Event Amount 
Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to the Issuer's funding cost 
at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount; or 
(iv) 
on or after the relevant Extraordinary Euro Fund Effective Date, the Calculation Agent may 
substitute the Euro Fund affected by an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event (the "Affected Euro 
Fund") with an alternative insurance or investment policy or capitalisation contract backed by 
euro-denominated assets in accordance with the criteria set out below (the "Substitute Euro 
Fund") and the Substitute Euro Fund will be deemed to be the Euro Fund and the relevant 
insurance company offering the insurance or investment policy or capitalisation contract, the 
Insurance Company, for the purposes of the Notes. The Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustment, if any, to any of the terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines appropriate. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment (if any) will be deemed to be effective as of the date selected 
by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not be, the relevant 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event Effective Date.

--- Page 665 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
665 
 
 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Euro Fund, the relevant insurance or investment policy or 
capitalisation contract must be an insurance or investment policy or capitalisation contract backed by 
euro-denominated assets which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics 
to the Affected Euro Fund, including but not limited to, a comparable gross rate of return, a comparable 
provisional minimum rate of return, offered by an insurance company with a comparable portfolio of 
general assets and offered on similar contractual terms acceptable to the Calculation Agent. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Substitute Euro Fund may, but need not, be offered by the same Insurance 
Company as the Affected Euro Fund. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that more than one Extraordinary Euro Fund Event has occurred in 
respect of a Euro Fund, which are not connected and have different consequences pursuant to this Fund 
Linked Note Condition 10, the Calculation Agent will determine which such Extraordinary Euro Fund 
Event and related consequences shall apply acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon 
as practicable, and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Base Condition 16 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Extraordinary Euro Fund Event, giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.

--- Page 666 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURES LINKED NOTES 
666 
 
 
ANNEX 10 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURES LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as Futures Linked Notes shall comprise the terms and conditions of Notes (the "Base 
Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Futures Linked Notes set out below (the "Futures 
Linked Note Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between (i) the Base Conditions and (ii) the Futures Linked Note Conditions, the Futures Linked Note Conditions 
shall prevail.  
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket of Futures" means a basket composed of each Future specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant Future(s); 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions; 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange fails to open for 
trading during its regular trading session(s) or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s), at least 
one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
"Exchange" means, in relation to a Future, each exchange or quotation system specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in the Future has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Future on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Future, Exchange Business Day (Single 
Future Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Futures, Exchange Business Day (All Futures Basis) or 
Exchange Business Day (Per Future Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 667 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURES LINKED NOTES 
667 
 
 
provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day 
(Per Future Basis) shall apply; 
"Exchange Business Day (All Futures Basis)" means, in respect of all Futures comprised in a Basket of 
Futures, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange is, in respect of such Futures, open for 
trading during its regular trading session(s) notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Future Basis)" means, in respect of a Future, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the relevant Exchange in respect of such Future is open for trading during its regular trading 
session(s), notwithstanding such relevant Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Future Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange is open for trading during its respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding 
such relevant Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) the 
ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Futures 
on the Exchange; 
"Future" or "Futures" means, subject to adjustments in accordance with this Annex 10, in the case of an 
issue of Notes relating to a single Future, the futures contract and, in the case of an issue of Notes relating 
to a Basket of Futures, each futures contract, specified in the applicable Final Terms, and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
"Futures Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if none 
is so specified, one Settlement Cycle; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Future, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Future Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Futures, Scheduled Trading Day (All Futures Basis) or 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Future Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day 
(Per Future Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Futures Basis)" means, in respect of all Futures comprising the Basket 
of Futures, any day on which each Exchange is, in respect of such Futures, scheduled to be open for 
trading during its regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Future Basis)" means, in respect of a Future, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session(s);

--- Page 668 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURES LINKED NOTES 
668 
 
 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Future Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange is 
scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session(s); 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Future, the period of Clearance System Days following a trade 
in the Future on the Exchange on which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such 
Exchange; 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each Cash 
Settled Note subject to the provisions of this Annex and as referred to in "Averaging Date", "Observation 
Date", "Strike Date" or "Valuation Date" as the case may be: 
(a) in the case of Futures Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Futures and in respect of each Futures 
comprising the basket, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation 
Time on an Averaging Date or the Valuation Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Future on (i) if Averaging is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either case, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; 
and 
(b) in the case of Futures Linked Notes relating to a single Future, an amount equal to the official price 
(or the price at the Valuation Time on an Averaging Date or the Valuation Date, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Future on (i) if Averaging is 
not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date; 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the 
relevant Exchange or otherwise relating to the Futures on the Exchange. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Notes relating to a single Future or a Basket of Futures, 
in respect of a Future the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, 
which in either case the Calculation Agent determines acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time, or (c) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date, or an Observation Date, a Valuation Date or the 
Strike Date. 
3. 
Adjustments to a Future

--- Page 669 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURES LINKED NOTES 
669 
 
 
4. 
Futures Modification, Futures Replacement or Futures De-Listing 
If, on or prior to the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date or the last Averaging Date, (a) the 
relevant Exchange makes or announces that it will make a material change in the conditions of the 
Future(s) (a "Futures Modification"), (b) the relevant Exchange replaces the Future by a new Future 
contract to be substituted to the Future (a "Futures Replacement") or (c) the relevant Exchange 
announces that the relevant Future cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the 
Exchange for any reason and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in a member state of the European Union) (a "Futures De-Listing" and, together with 
a Futures Modification and a Futures Replacement, each a "Futures Adjustment Event"), then: 
(i) 
following the occurrence of a Futures Modification or a Futures Replacement, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner if such 
Futures Modification or Futures Replacement has a material effect on the Notes and, if so, shall 
use the Future(s) so modified or replaced in lieu of the initial Future with respect to the relevant 
Notes; or 
(ii) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Futures Adjustment Event, Highest Value, Market 
Value or Monetisation Option are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices). If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each 
Noteholder in respect of each Note being redeemed at an amount equal to the fair market value 
of a Note, taking into account the Futures Adjustment Event, less, unless Unwind Costs are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, payment being 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 
16 (Notices); or 
(iii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Futures Adjustment Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market 
value of each Note taking into account the Futures Adjustment Event less, unless Unwind Costs 
are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Futures 
Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Futures 
Adjustment Event (the "Calculated Futures Adjustment Amount Determination Date") and 
on the Redemption Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Futures Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from and 
including the Calculated Futures Adjustment Amount Determination Date to but excluding the 
Redemption Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected

--- Page 670 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURES LINKED NOTES 
670 
 
 
Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, 
the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms); or 
(iv) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, on 
giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not 
some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by 
such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 
11(a);  
(v) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, on giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but not some 
only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such 
Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base Condition 
11(b); or 
(vi) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all but 
not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held 
by such Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Base 
Condition 11(c); or 
(vii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Futures Adjustment Event constitutes a force 
majeure, and if Futures Linked Note Condition 3.1(b)(vi) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an amount in 
respect of each Note held by such Noteholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market 
value of a Note taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs 
(other than such costs that are unavoidable to early redeem the Notes at their fair market value) 
and no such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the date 
notified to the Noteholders in the notice of early redemption. 
5. 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar 
(in the case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), of any determination made by it pursuant to paragraph 3.1 
(Futures Modification, Futures Replacement or Futures De-Listing) above and the action proposed to be 
taken in relation thereto and the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST 
Dematerialised Notes), shall make available for inspection by Noteholders copies of any such 
determinations. 
6. 
Correction of Futures Price

--- Page 671 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURES LINKED NOTES 
671 
 
 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes, if the price of the relevant Future(s) published on 
a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes, 
is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange within the number of 
days equal to the Futures Correction Period of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the 
price of the relevant Future(s) as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three Exchange 
Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Notes will be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount.

--- Page 672 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
672 
 
 
ANNEX 11 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as Interest Rate Linked Notes shall comprise the terms and conditions of Notes (the 
"Base Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for Interest Rate Linked Notes set out below (the 
"Interest Rate Linked Note Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of 
any inconsistency between (i) the Base Conditions and (ii) the Interest Rate Linked Note Conditions, the Interest 
Rate Linked Note Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Underlying Interest Rate Determination 
In respect of each Underlying Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Interest Rate or, if two or more Underlying Interest Rates are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Underlying Interest Rate will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Each Underlying Interest Rate comprising a Multiple Underlying Interest Rate will be calculated 
separately and independently as provided below and in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will be the relevant 
Underlying ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Underlying Margin 
(if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes of these Interest Rate Linked Note 
Conditions, "Underlying ISDA Rate" means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Interest rate Derivatives Definitions as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") provided that, the Calculation Agent may, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, select any successor or replacement 
definitional booklet to the ISDA Definitions (as supplemented from time to time for interest rate 
derivatives), in which case ISDA Definitions will mean any such successor or replacement definitional 
booklet to the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if the 
Floating Rate Option specified in the applicable Final Terms is EUR-EURIBOR, in the event 
that EUR-EURIBOR has been discontinued, such other successor benchmark rate as the 
financial industry shall have accepted as a successor or substitute rate for EUR-EURIBOR; 
(2) 
except in the case of Overnight Floating Rate Options, the Designated Maturity is a period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 673 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
673 
 
 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(4) 
the Calculation Period is a period from, and including, Calculation Period Start Date (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) to, but excluding, the Underlying Interest Determination 
Date; 
(5) 
if an Overnight Floating Rate Option and an Overnight Rate Compounding Method is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
(i) 
OIS Compounding is applicable if specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) Compounding with Lookback is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms, and if 
so, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(iii) Compounding with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, and if so, (x) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (y) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, and (z) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days 
are the days, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(iv) Compounding with Lockout is applicable if specified in the applicable Final Terms, and if 
so, (x) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions 
and (y) Lockout Period Business Days are the days specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions;  
(v) In each case Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate will be the rate (if applicable) 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(6) 
if an Overnight Floating Rate Option and an Overnight Rate Averaging Method is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
(i) Overnight Averaging is applicable if specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) Averaging with Lookback is applicable if specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if 
so, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions;  
(iii) Averaging with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and, if so, (x) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, (y) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified in the

--- Page 674 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
674 
 
 
applicable Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, and (z) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(iv) Averaging with Lockout is applicable if specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if so, 
(x) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, 
and (y) Lockout Period Business Days are the days specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions ;  
(v) In each case Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate will be the rate (if applicable) 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(7) 
If an Index Floating Rate Option and an Index Method is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) Compounded Index Method is applicable if specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) All-in Compounded Index Method is applicable if specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(iii) Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, if so, (x) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, (y) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, in the ISDA Definitions and (z) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(8) 
in connection with the Index Method, references in the ISDA Definitions to: (A) numbers, 
financial centres or other items specified in the Confirmation shall be deemed to be references 
to the numbers, financial centres or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable Final 
Terms; (B) “Business Day in the financial centres, if any, specified for such purpose in the 
Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to Business Day; (C) “Floating Rate Day Count 
Fraction” shall be deemed to be references to Day Count Fraction; (D) “Period End Date” shall 
be deemed to be references to the relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date; (E) 
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the final Underlying Interest 
Determination Date; and (F) “Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to, and the 
Calculation Period Start Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(9) 
Delayed Payment is applicable if specified in the applicable Final Terms and the relevant delay 
is the number of Business Days specified in respect of Delayed Payment in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 675 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
675 
 
 
(10) 
Section 8.3 (Linear Interpolation) of the ISDA Definitions is deemed to be deleted unless “ISDA 
Definitions Linear Interpolation” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(11) 
Section 4.14 (Calculation Agent) shall not apply. 
For the purposes of this Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 2, “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Transaction”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date”, “Overnight Floating 
Rate Option”, “Overnight Rate Compounding Method”, “Compounding with Lookback”, 
“Lookback”, “Applicable Business Days”, “Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, “Set-in-
Advance”, “Observation Period Shift”, “Observation Period Shift Business Days”, “Compounding 
with Lockout”, “Lockout”, “Lockout Period Business Days”, “Daily Capped Rate”, “Daily Floored 
Rate”, “Averaging with Lookback”, “Averaging with Observation Period Shift”, “Averaging with 
Lockout”, “Index Method”, “Index Floating Rate Option”, “Compounded Index Method”, “All-in 
Compounded Index Method” “Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift”, and 
“Delayed Payment” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
3. 
Screen Rate determination for Underlying Reference Rates other than SONIA, SOFR, €STR, 
SARON and CMS  
Subject to the provisions of Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 9 below, if Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(A) 
if the Underlying Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Underlying Reference Rate which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Underlying Interest Determination 
Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Underlying 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (B) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Calculation Agent will determine the Underlying Reference Rate as the rate it 
determines would have prevailed but for such non-availability or other event acting in good faith 
and using its reasonable judgment. 
4. 
Screen Rate determination for Underlying Reference Rate being CMS 
Subject to the provisions of Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 9 below, where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Underlying Interest 
Rate is to be determined, and CMS is specified as the Underlying Reference Rate in the applicable Final

--- Page 676 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
676 
 
 
Terms such Underlying Interest Rate, will subject as provided below, be the CMS Rate multiplied by 
the relevant Rate Multiplier, if any, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
relevant Underlying Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent and provided that 
the Underlying Reference Rate may not be less than zero.  
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Underlying Interest Determination Date in question. If at least three of the CMS 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Underlying 
Interest Determination Date shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Underlying Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS 
Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial basis as considered 
appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market 
practice. 
For the purpose of this Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 4: 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Relevant Currency with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the Reference Time on the Underlying Interest Determination Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Relevant Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Relevant Currency is Sterling, the principal 
London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Relevant 
Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the 
New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Relevant Currency, the principal 
Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Designated Maturity", "Interest Determination Date(s)", "Margin", "Rate Multiplier", "Relevant 
Currency", "Relevant Screen Page" and "Relevant Time" shall have the meanings given to those terms 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(1) 
where the Relevant Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 
day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to

--- Page 677 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
677 
 
 
the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where 
the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; 
and 
(2) 
where the Relevant Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify otherwise, the 
mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
"Representative Amount" means any amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
5. 
Screen Rate determination for Underlying Reference Rate being SONIA  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Reference Rate is to be determined and SONIA is specified as the Underlying Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Rate will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 5: 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”, will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Underlying Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;

--- Page 678 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
678 
 
 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, in the relevant Observation Period (as applicable) is the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, the period(s) indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“p” for any Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London Banking Days specified as 
the “Observation Shift Period” in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on 
the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” means the SONIA Reference Rate for the relevant London Banking Day “i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference 
Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference 
Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation 
Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject 
to subject to Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 9 (Benchmark Rate Replacement), be: 
(A) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the relevant 
London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on 
which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Subject to Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 9 (Benchmark Rate Replacement), if the Underlying 
Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Interest Rate 
Linked Note Condition 5, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last

--- Page 679 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
679 
 
 
preceding Underlying Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date from that which applied to the last preceding 
Underlying Interest Determination Date, the Margin relating to the relevant Underlying Interest 
Determination Date, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Underlying Interest 
Determination Date) or (B) if there is no such preceding Underlying Interest Determination Date, the 
Underlying Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial 
basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with 
standard market practice.  
6. 
Screen Rate determination for Underlying Reference Rate being SOFR  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Reference Rate is to be determined and SOFR is specified as the Underlying Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Rate will, subject as provided below, be the 
Compounded SOFR plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on each Underling Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 6: 
“Benchmark” means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily SOFR, as 
determined with reference to for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set out in this Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 6. 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR 
in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and 
including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior 
to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions below will apply.  
“Business Day” means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal 
holiday in New York and each (if any) Business Day Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking 
institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
“Compounded SOFR” with respect to any Underlying Interest Determination Date, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001):

--- Page 680 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
680 
 
 
 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, to and including the last US Government Securities 
Business Day in such period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, is the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, the period(s) indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“p” for any Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified as the “Observation Shift Period” (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SOFR” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York 
time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR 
Determination Time”); or 
(ii) 
subject to the provisions below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the 
SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any 
successor source; 
“SOFRi” means the SOFR for the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i"; and

--- Page 681 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
681 
 
 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day 
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, 
the Issuer shall use the fallback provisions formally recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
with reference to the Benchmark. If such recommendation are not available, the following provisions 
should apply.  
The Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the 
Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In 
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this section, including 
any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the Noteholders or any other party. 
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided that if the 
Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily 
SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” shall mean the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the

--- Page 682 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
682 
 
 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry- accepted spread adjustment, or method 
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of (a) 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination,

--- Page 683 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
683 
 
 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark is 
Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and

--- Page 684 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
684 
 
 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this Interest Rate Linked Note 
Condition 6 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar (in the 
case of CREST Dematerialised Notes), the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Base Condition 16 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date on which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of CREST Dematerialised 
Notes), of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, or the Euroclear Registrar (in the case of 
CREST Dematerialised Notes), a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Benchmark 
Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the 
specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 6; 
and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment. 
If the Underlying Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 6, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be (A) that determined 
as at the last preceding Underlying Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date from that which applied 
to the last preceding relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Underlying Interest Determination Date, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Underlying 
Interest Determination Date) or (B) if there is no such preceding Underlying Interest Determination Date, 
the Underlying Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such 
commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in 
accordance with standard market practice.  
7. 
Screen Rate determination for Underlying Reference Rate being €STR  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Reference Rate is to be determined and €STR is specified as the Underlying Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Rate will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on each Underlying Interest Determination Date.

--- Page 685 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
685 
 
 
For the purposes of this Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 7: 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Underlying Interest Determination Date, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Underlying 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“D” means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
360); 
“do” means the number of TARGET Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
the “€STR reference rate”, in respect of any TARGET Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily euro 
short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Day as provided by the European Central Bank as the 
administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European 
Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Day immediately 
following such TARGET Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, 
the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate); 
“€STRi” means the €STR reference rate for the relevant TARGET Day “i”. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant TARGET Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Day in the relevant Observation Period; to, 
and including, the last TARGET Day in such period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such TARGET Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Day; 
“Observation Period” means, the period(s) indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“p” for any latest Observation Period, means the number of TARGET Days specified as the “Observation 
Shift Period” in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 686 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
686 
 
 
Subject to Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 9, if, where any Underlying Reference Rate is to be 
calculated pursuant to this Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 7, in respect of any TARGET Day in 
respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR reference 
rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Day shall be the €STR 
reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was 
published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 9, if the Underlying Reference Rate cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 7, the Underlying 
Reference Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Underlying Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Underlying Interest 
Determination Date from that which applied to the last preceding relevant Underlying Interest 
Determination Date, the Margin relating to the relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date, in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date) or (B) if 
there is no such preceding Underlying Interest Determination Date, the Underlying Reference Rate shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial basis as considered appropriate 
by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice.  
8. 
Screen Rate Determination for Reference Rate being SARON 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Reference Rate is to be determined and SARON is specified as the Underlying Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Rate will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SARON plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 5: 
“Compounded Daily SARON”, will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Underlying Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of SIX Business Days in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 687 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
687 
 
 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant SIX Business Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first SIX Business Day in the relevant Observation Period 
to, and including, the last SIX Business Day in such period; 
“SIX Business Day” or “SIXBD” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) which is not marked 
as currency holiday for CHF in the Trading & Currency Holiday Calendar published by SIX Swiss 
Exchange; 
“ni” for any SIX Business Day “i”, in the relevant Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such SIX Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following SIX 
Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, the period(s) indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“p” for any Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of SIX Business Days specified as the 
“Observation Shift Period” in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SARON Reference Rate” means, in respect of any SIX Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight (“SARON”) rate for such SIX Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SARON to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on 
the SIX Business Day immediately following such SIX Business Day; and 
“SARONi” means the SARON Reference Rate for the relevant SIX Business Day “i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SARON only 
compounds the SARON Reference Rate in respect of any SIX Business Day. The SARON Reference 
Rate applied to a day that is a non- SIX Business Day will be taken by applying the SARON Reference 
Rate for the previous SIX Business Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any SIX Business Day in the relevant Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation 
Agent determines that the SARON Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SARON Reference Rate shall, subject 
to subject to Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 9 (Benchmark Rate Replacement), be the SARON 
Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding SIX Business Day on which the SARON Reference Rate was published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Subject to Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 9 (Benchmark Rate Replacement), if the Underlying 
Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Interest Rate 
Linked Note Condition 5, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Underlying Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date from that which applied to the last preceding

--- Page 688 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
688 
 
 
Underlying Interest Determination Date, the Margin relating to the relevant Underlying Interest 
Determination Date, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Underlying Interest 
Determination Date) or (B) if there is no such preceding Underlying Interest Determination Date, the 
Underlying Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial 
basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with 
standard market practice. 
9. 
Benchmark Rate Replacement  
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated Note for which the Underlying Reference Rate is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being SOFR, notwithstanding the provisions in Interest Rate 
Linked Note Condition 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the 
person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for determining the Underlying 
Interest Rate) that (i) determines a Benchmark Rate Event has occurred and (ii) the relevant Benchmark 
Event Effective Date will fall on or prior to the day which would have been (but for the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date) an Interest Determination Date in respect of the relevant Reference 
Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
in respect of each Interest Period commencing on or after the Benchmark Rate Event Effective 
Date, the Reference Rate will be substituted by the Successor Rate (as adjusted in accordance with 
the Adjustment Spread, if any) for determining the Underlying Interest Rate in respect of each such 
Interest Period; 
(2) 
the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Underlying Interest Rate) will determine 
the adjustments (if any) to be made to the provisions of the Notes as it deems necessary in order 
the Successor Rate to be used for determining the Underlying Interest Rate; 
(3) 
the Issuer shall promptly and, in any case prior to the Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date, give 
notice to the Noteholders of the relevant Benchmark Rate Event, the Successor Rate and the 
adjustments (if any) made according to the sub-paragraph (2) above, in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices); 
(4) 
if the relevant Benchmark Rate Event may also constitute an Administrator/Benchmark Event in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent pursuant to Base Condition 13.1, the provisions of 
this Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 9 will apply. 
For the purposes of this Interest Rate Linked Note Condition 9: 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Underlying Interest 
Rate), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the

--- Page 689 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
689 
 
 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Underlying Reference Rate with the Successor Rate and 
is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement of 
the Underlying Reference Rate with the Successor Rate; or 
(ii) 
in absence of any recommendation by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Underlying Interest Rate) determines is recognised 
or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets 
transactions in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate; or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Underlying Interest Rate) determines (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate for the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate. 
"Benchmark Rate Event" means that in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the administrator of that Reference Rate, or a person acting on behalf of that administrator, has 
issued a public statement, or has published information, in which it is announced that that 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide that Reference Rate or certain tenors for 
which that Reference Rate is calculated and which correspond to the Interest Periods, 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the issuance of the statement or the 
publication of the information, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
that Reference Rate or that tenor; or 
(ii) 
the competent authority for the administrator of that Reference Rate or any entity with 
insolvency or resolution authority over such administrator has issued a public statement, or has 
published information, in which it is stated that the administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide that Reference Rate or certain tenors for which that Reference Rate is calculated and 
which correspond to the Interest Periods, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the issuance of the statement or the publication of the information, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide that Reference Rate or that tenor; or 
(iii) 
the competent authority for the administrator of that Reference Rate has issued a public 
statement, or has published information, in which it is announced that that Reference Rate is 
no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying 
market and economic reality that Reference Rate is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored; or

--- Page 690 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
690 
 
 
(iv) 
it has or will become unlawful (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, if applicable) for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using that Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date” means, in respect of a Benchmark Event: 
(i) 
the first day on which the Reference Rate or the relevant tenor is no longer published or 
provided, if the Benchmark Rate Event occurred consists in one of the events or circumstances 
described in sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Rate Event”; or 
(ii) 
the first day on which the Reference Rate is no longer representative of the underlying market 
and economic reality that Reference Rate is intended to measure (even if the Reference Rate 
continues to be published or provided), if the Benchmark Rate Event occurred consists in the 
issuance or publication of the statement or information under sub-paragraph (iii) of the 
definition of “Benchmark Rate Event”; or 
(iii) 
the first day on which in no longer lawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the 
Reference Rate, if the Benchmark Rate Event occurred consists in the event under sub-
paragraph (iv) of the definition of “Benchmark Rate Event”. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg 
benchmark rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate in relation to which a Benchmark Rate Event 
has occurred, the rate formally designated, nominated or recommended as the replacement rate for that 
Reference Rate by the administrator of such Reference Rate or any Relevant Nominating Body in the 
most recent statement or publication preceding the relevant Benchmark Rate Event Effective Date, 
provided that, in presence of two or more rates each of which has been formally designated, nominated 
or recommended by the administrator of such Reference Rate or any Relevant Nominating Body as a 
replacement rate for that Reference Rate, the Replacement Rate will be one of such rates as selected by 
the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Underlying Interest Rate). Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, in case of occurrence of a Benchmark Rate Event in respect of “EURIBOR”, 
according to the recommendations published on 11 May 2021 by the Working Group on euro risk free

--- Page 691 ---
ANNEX 11 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
691 
 
 
rates on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and €STR-based EURIBOR fallback rates (the “2021 WG 
Recommendations”), the Replacement Rate for such rate will be (provided that the 2021 WG 
Recommendations are not superseded or replaced by any subsequent statement or publication by the 
administrator of the relevant Reference Rate of any Nomination Body) €STR. 
10. 
Determination of Underlying Interest Rate 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the Underlying Interest 
Rate is to be determined, which if the Notes are Hybrid Notes and Hybrid Business Day is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, will be deemed to be a Scheduled Trading Day for the purposes 
of determining whether such day is a Hybrid Business Day (the "Underlying Interest Determination 
Date"), determine the Underlying Reference Rate (subject to any Minimum Underlying Reference Rate 
or Maximum Underlying Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms). The Calculation Agent 
will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Underlying Reference Rate as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
11. 
Minimum and/or Maximum Underlying Reference Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Underlying Reference Rate, then, in the event that the 
Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of Interest Rate Linked Note 
Conditions 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 above (as appropriate) is less than such Minimum Underlying Reference 
Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such Minimum Underlying Reference Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Underlying Reference Rate, then, in the event that the 
Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of Interest Rate Linked Note 
Conditions 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 above (as appropriate) is greater than such Maximum Underlying Reference 
Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such Maximum Underlying Reference Rate.

--- Page 692 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
692 
 
 
ANNEX 12 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified in the Final 
Terms as Credit Linked Notes shall comprise the terms and conditions of Notes (the "Base Conditions") and the 
additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes set out below (the "Credit Linked Note Conditions") 
together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the Final Terms and subject to completion in 
the Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Base Conditions and (ii) the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions, the Credit Linked Note Conditions shall prevail. A reference in these Credit Linked Note Conditions 
to "the Final Terms" shall be construed as being a reference to the applicable Final Terms and for Credit Linked 
Notes in respect of which more than one Reference Entity is specified, a reference to "the Reference Entity" shall 
be a reference to the applicable Reference Entity. 
1. 
General 
(a) 
Credit Terms 
The Final Terms shall specify, amongst other things: 
(i) 
the Trade Date and the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
the type of Credit Linked Notes, being Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, Zero 
Recovery Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Bonus Coupon Credit Linked Notes, Combination Credit 
Linked Notes; 
(iii) 
the Settlement Method and, where Auction Settlement applies, the applicable Fallback 
Settlement Method; 
(iv) 
the Reference Entity or Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event may occur and, in 
each case, the related Transaction Type (if applicable, by way of reference to a Relevant Annex); 
(v) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any) in respect of each Reference Entity (if applicable, by 
specifying "Standard Reference Obligation: Applicable"); 
(vi) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount or, as applicable, Reference Entity Weighting in respect 
of each Reference Entity (save where such terms are set out in a Relevant Annex); and 
(vii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Combination Credit Linked Notes, the relevant information in 
sub-paragraphs (ii) to (vi) above for each of: (a) provisions relating to interest; and (b) 
provisions relating to principal. 
(b) 
Physical Settlement Matrix

--- Page 693 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
693 
 
 
Where a Transaction Type is specified in the Final Terms in respect of any Reference Entity, then the 
provisions of these Credit Linked Note Conditions shall apply with respect to such Reference Entity in 
accordance with the Physical Settlement Matrix as it applies to such Transaction Type, as though such 
Physical Settlement Matrix were set out in full in the Final Terms. 
(c) 
Index Credit Notes 
Where "Index Credit Notes" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then notwithstanding Credit 
Linked Note Condition 7 (Successors), the Reference Entities for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes 
shall be as set out in the Relevant Annex (together with, in respect of each relevant Reference Entity, the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount or, as applicable, the Reference Entity), Reference Obligations and 
Substitute Reference Obligations) as set out in the Final Terms, or, as applicable, as determined and 
published from time to time by the relevant Index Sponsor. The Calculation Agent may rely on any 
determinations of the relevant Index Sponsor and neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will have 
any liability to the Noteholders or any other person as a result of relying on any such determination.  
(d) 
Additional Provisions 
If, in accordance with the specified Transaction Type or otherwise, any Additional Provisions are 
applicable, these Credit Linked Note Conditions shall take effect subject to the provisions thereof. 
2. 
Redemption 
(a) 
Redemption at Credit Linked Note Maturity Date 
The Issuer will redeem each Credit Linked Note on the related Credit Linked Note Maturity Date (as 
such date may be extended in accordance with the definition thereof) by payment of an amount equal to 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount (as reduced from time to time in accordance with the definition 
thereof) of such Credit Linked Note (together with interest, if any, payable thereon) unless the Credit 
Linked Notes have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in full (including pursuant to 
Credit Linked Note Conditions 2(b) (Redemption following Event Determination Date), 2(d) 
(Redemption following a Merger Event) or 2(e) (Additional Credit Linked Note Disruption Events)). 
Where the Outstanding Nominal Amount of any Credit Linked Note is reduced to zero, then upon the 
performance by the Issuer of any remaining obligations in respect of the Credit Linked Note (including 
pursuant to Credit Linked Note Condition 2(b) (Redemption following Event Determination Date)), such 
Credit Linked Note shall be deemed to have been redeemed in full without further payment. In the case 
of Tranched Credit Linked Notes, redemption shall be in accordance with Credit Linked Note Condition 
4.2 (Tranched Credit Linked Notes) below. 
(b) 
Redemption following Event Determination Date 
Upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in relation to any Reference Entity, the Issuer will:

--- Page 694 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
694 
 
 
(i) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement, make payment in respect of each 
Credit Linked Note of its pro rata share of the Auction Settlement Amount on the Auction 
Settlement Date, unless a Fallback Settlement Event occurs, in which event the Issuer shall 
perform its respective payment and/or delivery obligations in accordance with the applicable 
Fallback Settlement Method;  
(ii) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement (Leveraged), make payment in 
respect of each Credit Linked Note of its pro rata share of the Auction Settlement Amount 
(Leveraged) on the Auction Settlement Date, unless a Fallback Settlement Event occurs, in 
which event the Issuer shall perform its respective payment and/or delivery obligations in 
accordance with the applicable Fallback Settlement Method;  
(iii) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Physical Settlement, perform its obligations in respect of 
each Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Note Condition 5 (Physical 
Settlement);  
(iv) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Cash Settlement, make payment in respect of each Credit 
Linked Note of its pro rata share of the Credit Linked Event Cash Settlement Amount on the 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date; and 
(v) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Cash Settlement (Leveraged), make payment in respect 
of each Credit Linked Note of its pro rata share of the Credit Linked Event Cash Settlement 
Amount (Leveraged) on the Credit Event Cash Settlement Date. 
Where the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement, if an Event Determination Date occurs 
with respect to a Reference Entity following the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event with respect 
to a prior Event Determination Date in relation to such Reference Entity and no Fallback Settlement 
Event occurs with respect to a subsequent Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall, if it so elects on or 
prior to a related Valuation Date or Delivery Date, redeem the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to the 
occurrence of the subsequent Event Determination Date in accordance with this Credit Linked Note 
Condition 2(b) (Redemption following Event Determination Date) by Auction Settlement. 
This Credit Linked Note Condition 2(b) (Redemption following Event Determination Date) shall not 
apply, and the Issuer shall have no obligations hereunder in respect of Zero Recovery Credit Linked 
Notes. 
(c) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Where "Redemption at Maturity" is specified as applicable, payment of any Outstanding Nominal 
Amount, Auction Settlement Amounts, Auction Settlement Amounts (Leveraged), Credit Event Cash 
Settlement Amounts or Credit Event Cash Settlement Amounts (Leveraged), as applicable, shall be 
deferred until the later of the Credit Linked Note Maturity Date and the last Auction Settlement Date or 
Cash Settlement Date determined in respect of any Reference Entity (and notwithstanding any other

--- Page 695 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
695 
 
 
provision of the Base Conditions or these Credit Linked Note Conditions, no additional interest shall be 
payable on any payment of any amount which is so deferred). 
(d) 
Redemption following a Merger Event 
If “Merger Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and in the case that: 
“Reference Entity/Holder Merger” is specified as applicable, in the event that in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent a Reference Entity/Holder Merger has occurred, the Issuer may give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), and redeem all but not some only of the 
Credit Linked Notes on the Merger Event Redemption Date, and if the Credit Linked Notes are so 
redeemed or, as the case may be, cancelled, the Issuer shall pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect 
of each Credit Linked Note, which amount shall be the greater of: (i) if a Principal Protection Level is 
specified in the Final Terms, the product of such Principal Protection Level and the initial Nominal 
Amount of such Credit Linked Note; and (ii) the fair market value of such Credit Linked Note taking 
into account the relevant Merger Event, and where “Hedging Link Provisions” are applicable, less the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any related hedging arrangements (including without 
limitation any Credit Unwind Costs, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner), or, where "Hedging Link Provisions" are not applicable, plus a 
pro rata reimbursement of all costs paid by the initial purchasers of the Credit Linked Notes to the Issuer 
which were taken into account in determining the issue price of the Credit Linked Notes, or if 
"Monetisation Option" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in respect of 
each Credit Linked Note held by such Noteholder calculated and paid in accordance with Base Condition 
11(c). 
"Reference Entity/Issuer Merger" is specified as applicable, in the event that in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent a Reference Entity/Issuer Merger has occurred, the Issuer may either: 
(i) redeem the Credit Linked Notes in accordance with (i) above; or 
(ii) replace the relevant affected Reference Entity/ies (the "Affected Reference Entity/ies") 
respectively, with Similar Reference Entity/ies. In such event, where "Hedging Link Provisions" is 
applicable, any costs of the Issuer arising in connection with any re-hedging of such substitution 
may be recovered through an adjustment to the interest payable on the Credit Linked Notes and/or 
any redemption amounts payments payable under the Credit Linked Notes. The Calculation Agent 
shall notify the Issuer, which shall in its turn notify the Noteholders pursuant to the provisions of 
Base Condition 16 (Notices) of the decision taken by the Issuer and any adjustments made to the 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Details of any adjustment or decision made in relation to the 
above may be obtained by the Noteholders upon request at the Calculation Agent's specified 
address. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where "Hedging Link Provisions" are specified as not applicable and the 
Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Merger Event constitutes a force majeure, the Issuer shall

--- Page 696 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
696 
 
 
pay to each Noteholder in respect of each Credit Linked Notes, the fair market value of such Credit 
Linked Note, taking into account the relevant Merger Event, provided that no account will be taken of 
costs (other than costs that are unavoidable in connection with the early redemption of the Credit Linked 
Notes), as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(e) 
Additional Credit Linked Note Disruption Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Credit Linked Note Disruption Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may redeem the Credit Linked Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance 
with Base Condition 16 (Notices). If the Credit Linked Notes are so redeemed, the Issuer will pay an 
amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Credit Linked Note equal to: 
(i) 
the greater of: (a) if a Principal Protection Level is specified in the Final Terms, the product of 
such Principal Protection Level and the initial Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Note; 
and (b) the fair market value of such Credit Linked Note taking into account the Additional 
Credit Linked Note Disruption Event, less (where “Hedging Link Provisions” are specified as 
applicable) the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying hedging 
arrangements; or 
(ii) 
if "Monetisation Option" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in 
respect of each Credit Linked Note held by such Noteholder calculated and paid in accordance 
with Base Condition 11(c); or 
(iii) 
where "Hedging Link Provisions" are specified as not applicable and the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Additional Credit Linked Note Disruption Event constitutes a force majeure, 
the fair market value of such Credit Linked Note, taking into account the relevant Additional 
Credit Linked Note Disruption Event, provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than 
costs that are unavoidable in connection with the early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(f) 
Suspension of Obligations 
If there is a DC Credit Event Question in relation to any Reference Entity, then (unless the Issuer 
otherwise elects by notice to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders) from the date of such DC Credit 
Event Question (and notwithstanding that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
yet to determine whether Publicly Available Information is available or that a Credit Event has occurred), 
any obligation of the Issuer to redeem any Credit Linked Note (including pursuant to Credit Linked Note 
Condition 2(b) (Redemption following Event Determination Date)) (and the timing requirements of the 
Cash Event Cash Settlement Date, Valuation Date, Relevant Valuation Date, NOPS Cut-off Date, 
Physical Settlement Period and any other provisions pertaining to settlement) insofar as it relates to the 
relevant Reference Entity, or pay any interest amount which would otherwise be due thereon or any 
obligation of the Calculation Agent to calculate any interest amount (in each case, regardless of whether 
any such interest relates to the relevant Reference Entity), shall, insofar as it relates to the relevant

--- Page 697 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
697 
 
 
Reference Entity, be and remain suspended until the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement, 
DC No Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal.  
During such suspension period, the Issuer shall not be obliged to, nor entitled to, take any action in 
connection with the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes, in each case insofar as they relate to the 
relevant Reference Entity, or in connection with the payment of any applicable interest on the Credit 
Linked Notes, nor, if the Final Terms specifies that "Calculation and Redemption Suspension" applies, 
shall the Calculation Agent be obliged to take any action in connection with the calculation of any interest 
amount (in each case, if the Final Terms specifies that "Calculation and Redemption Suspension" applies, 
regardless of whether any such interest relates to the relevant Reference Entity). Once the relevant DC 
Credit Event Announcement, DC No Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal has occurred, such suspension shall terminate and any obligations so suspended shall resume 
on the Credit Linked Note Business Day following such public announcement by ISDA, with the Issuer 
and, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when 
the suspension began. Any interest amount so suspended shall, subject always to Credit Linked Note 
Condition 3(a) (Calculation of Interest Amount), become due on a date selected by the Calculation Agent 
falling not later than fifteen Business Days following such public announcement by ISDA. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional interest shall accrue on any payment of interest or any other 
amounts which are deferred in accordance with this Credit Linked Note Condition 2(f) (Suspension of 
Obligations). 
(g) 
Miscellaneous provisions relating to Redemption  
If the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed, the relevant Credit Linked Notes or, if the Credit 
Linked Notes are represented by a Global Note, such Global Note, shall be endorsed to reflect such 
partial redemption. Upon such partial redemption, the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Credit 
Linked Note shall be reduced for all purposes (including accrual of interest amounts thereon but without 
duplication with any cessation of interest accrual pursuant to Credit Linked Note Condition 3(a) 
(Calculation of Interest Amount) accordingly. 
Redemption of any Credit Linked Note in accordance with this Credit Linked Note Condition 2 
(Redemption), together with payment of interest, if any, due thereon shall discharge all or the relevant 
portion of the obligations of the Issuer in relation thereto. 
3. 
Interest  
(a) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes which are specified in the Final Terms to bear interest and subject to 
Credit Linked Note Condition 4.8 (Credit Linked Principal Only Credit Linked Notes), such interest 
amounts shall accrue on the daily Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Credit Linked Note as the same 
may be reduced from time to time in accordance with the Credit Linked Note Conditions. Base Condition

--- Page 698 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
698 
 
 
7 (Interest) shall be construed accordingly in relation to Credit Linked Notes. Upon the occurrence of an 
Event Determination Date in respect of any Reference Entity, the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each 
Credit Linked Note shall, for the purposes of the calculation of accrual of interest thereon, be deemed to 
have been reduced in an amount equal to such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the relevant 
Reference Entity Notional Amount (or, in the case of Tranched Credit Linked Notes, of the corresponding 
Writedown Amount) with effect from and including: 
(a)  
either: 
(i) 
if "Accrual to Interest Payment Date" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Interest Payment Date; or 
(ii) 
if "Accrual to Interest Period End Date" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Interest Period End Date, 
immediately preceding such Event Determination Date (or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Period End Date, the Interest Commencement Date); or 
(b)  
if "Accrual to Event Determination Date" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, such 
Event Determination Date. 
(b) 
Interest following Scheduled Maturity 
Subject always to Credit Linked Note Condition 3(a) (Calculation of Interest Amount), if an Extension 
Notice has been given (other than pursuant to paragraph (d) of the definition of "Extension Notice"), 
each Credit Linked Note which is outstanding following the Scheduled Maturity Date shall continue to 
bear interest on its daily Outstanding Nominal Amount from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the related Credit Linked Note Maturity Date at an interest Rate equal to either: 
(i) 
if “Deposit Rate” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms under the heading “Interest 
following Scheduled Maturity”, the rate that Mediobanca, Mediobanca International or MBFL 
would pay to an independent customer in respect of overnight deposits in the currency of the 
Credit Linked Notes; or 
(ii) 
such other rate as shall be specified for such purpose in the Final Terms (which may be zero), 
subject in all cases to a minimum of zero. If "Deposit Rate" is not so specified or no such other rate is 
specified for such purpose, no interest shall accrue during the relevant period. For the avoidance of doubt, 
if an Extension Notice has been given pursuant to paragraph (d) of the definition thereof, no interest shall 
accrue from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to (but excluding) the related Credit Linked 
Note Maturity Date. 
(c) 
Interest Payment Dates

--- Page 699 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
699 
 
 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed pursuant to the Base Conditions or these Credit Linked Note 
Conditions, the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Credit Linked Note Maturity Date (if not the Scheduled 
Maturity Date), the last Auction Settlement Date, the last Credit Event Cash Settlement Date or the last 
Delivery Date, as the case may be, shall be an Interest Payment Date in respect of each Credit Linked 
Note and the Issuer shall pay any interest that is accrued and unpaid in respect of each Credit Linked 
Note on such Interest Payment Date. 
(d) 
Hybrid Interest Notes 
(i) 
If Hybrid Interest (Simple) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Credit 
Linked Note Condition 3(a) and 3(b) will not apply for the purpose of the calculation of the 
Interest to be calculated in accordance with the provisions of Base Condition 7(c) (Structured 
Rate Notes) (the “Linked Interest”). The Linked Interest will be calculated in accordance with 
the provisions of Base Condition 7(c) (Structured Rate Notes) on the basis of the terms and the 
original Nominal Amount, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
If Hybrid Interest (Credit) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Credit Linked 
Note Condition 3(a) (Calculation of Interest Amount) will apply for the purpose of the 
calculation of the Linked Interest. The Linked Interest will be calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of Base Condition 7(c) (Structured Rate Notes) on the basis of the terms specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and the Nominal Amount as reduced according to Credit Linked 
Note Condition 3(a) (Calculation of Interest Amount). 
Bonus Interest Credit Linked Notes 
If the Credit Linked Notes are Bonus Interest Credit Linked Notes, an additional amount shall be payable 
on either: 
(i) 
where "Final Payment" is specified as the applicable Bonus Interest Type in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Credit Linked Notes Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
where "Running Basis" is specified as the applicable Bonus Interest Type in the relevant Final 
Terms, the specified Bonus Interest Payment Dates, 
in relation to the Credit Linked Notes in an amount equal, in respect of each Credit Linked Note, to the 
initial Nominal Amount thereof multiplied by the Outstanding Bonus Interest Rate, and where the 
Running Basis is applicable, multiplied by the Bonus Coupon Day Count Fraction. 
4. 
Terms relating to Credit Linkage Features 
(a) 
Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, an Event Determination Date 
shall not be taken into account for the purposes of Credit Linked Note Condition 2 (Redemption) and

--- Page 700 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
700 
 
 
Credit Linked Note Condition 3 (Interest) unless and until the number of Reference Entities in respect of 
which an Event Determination Date has occurred is equal to “N” (as specified in the Final Terms). Unless 
a value is specified for “M” in the Final Terms of such Credit Linked Notes, with effect from such date, 
no Event Determination Date shall occur in respect of any other relevant Reference Entity. Where a value 
is specified for “M”, the provisions of Credit Linked Note Condition 2 (Redemption) and Credit Linked 
Note Condition 3 (Interest) shall apply in respect of every subsequent Event Determination Date until 
the number of Reference Entities in respect of which an Event Determination Date has occurred is equal 
to “M” (as specified in the Final Terms). Where "Unwind Costs for the Remaining Names" is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms of such Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to the Unwind Value of the 
Reference CDS in respect of the Reference Entity which has not been determined as the Nth-to-Default 
Reference Entity (where “N” is 1) shall be added to the Credit Unwind Costs in respect of the Auction 
Settlement Amount, the Auction Settlement Amount (Leveraged), the Credit Event Cash Settlement 
Amount or the Credit Event Settlement Amount (Leveraged), as applicable. 
(b) 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The following provisions shall apply in respect of Credit Linked Notes that are Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes. For clarification, in respect of such Credit Linked Notes, in the event of any inconsistency between 
the following and the remainder of the Credit Linked Note Conditions, the following shall prevail: 
(i) 
Unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in 
full (including pursuant to any Credit Linked Note Condition), the Issuer will redeem each 
Tranched Credit Linked Note on the Credit Linked Note Maturity Date by payment of an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Note (together with 
interest, if any, payable thereon) plus if “Incurred Recoveries” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, its pro rata share of the Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount, 
provided that (unless “Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes” is applicable in the Final Terms or 
the Final Price is specified in the Final Terms) if an Unsettled Credit Event has occurred, (A) a 
Redemption Preliminary Amount will be payable on the Credit Linked Note Maturity Date and 
a Redemption Residual Amount will be payable on the Final Settlement Date, and (B) the 
Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) in respect of each Tranched Credit Linked Note 
shall be payable on the Final Settlement Date instead of the Credit Linked Note Maturity Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest amount shall accrue or be payable in respect of any 
Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount or any payment or postponement of payment thereof. 
(ii) 
If the Outstanding Nominal Amount of any Tranched Credit Linked Note is reduced to zero, 
such Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full by payment of an amount equal to its pro rata 
share of the Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) on the Final Settlement Date, and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, no interest amount shall accrue or be payable in respect of any 
Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount (or any payment or postponement of payment thereof) 
and the Issuer shall have no further obligations in respect of such Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 701 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
701 
 
 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines in relation to any Reference Entity: 
(A) 
without prejudice to the sub-paragraphs below, that a Credit Event has occurred or may 
occur on or prior to any Interest Payment Date;  
(B) 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to any Interest 
Payment Date; 
(C) 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred or may occur on or prior to any 
Interest Payment Date;  
(D) 
that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or may occur on or prior to 
any Interest Payment Date; or 
(E) 
(unless “Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes” is applicable in the Final Terms or the 
Final Price is specified in the Final Terms) that an Unsettled Credit Event has occurred,  
then interest (if any) on such Tranched Credit Linked Note shall be deemed to cease to accrue 
on an Outstanding Nominal Amount equal to its pro rata share of the sum of : (i) the maximum 
Incurred Loss Amounts, and (ii) the maximum Incurred Recovery Amounts (if “Incurred 
Recoveries” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms), which could be determined 
(assuming an Auction Final Price, Weighted Average Final Price or Final Price of zero) (a 
"Deemed Interest Reduction") with effect from and including the Interest Period End Date 
(or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) immediately preceding the date of such 
determination or (in the case of the occurrence of an Unsettled Credit Event) the relevant date 
applicable pursuant to Credit Linked Note Condition 3(a) (Calculation of Interest Amount). In 
such case, the related Interest Shortfall Amount (if any) shall be payable on the related Interest 
Shortfall Payment Date. No interest shall be payable in respect of any such postponement of 
payment of any Interest Shortfall Amount or any other interest or other amounts. 
(iv) 
If any day is a Final Price Calculation Date with respect to more than one Reference Entity, the 
Loss Amount, the Recovery Amount, the Incurred Loss Amount and the Incurred Recovery 
Amount (if applicable) with respect to each Reference Entity shall be calculated in the order 
that either of the following events occurred with respect to such Reference Entities: (i) the Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date (provided that if a Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurs 
in respect of more than one such Reference Entity on the same day, the first Reference Entity 
in respect of which the DC Secretary announces that the relevant DC Credit Event Question 
was effective and the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession 
of the relevant Publicly Available Information, in each case in accordance with the "Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date" definition, shall be deemed to have satisfied this condition first) 
or (ii) the delivery of the Credit Event Notice (provided that if any of the relevant Credit Event

--- Page 702 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
702 
 
 
Notices are delivered at the same time, in a sequential order as determined by the Calculation 
Agent). 
(c) 
Combination Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Combination Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
where any Credit Component is specified in the Final Terms as an "Interest Component", 
amounts payable in respect of interest on the Notes shall, subject to (iv) below, be calculated by 
reference to the terms set out in respect of such Credit Component; 
(ii) 
where any Credit Component is specified in the Final Terms as a "Principal Component", 
amounts payable by way of redemption of the Notes shall, subject to (iv) below, be calculated 
by reference to the terms set out in respect of such Credit Component; 
(iii) 
where any Credit Component is specified in the Final Terms as a “Principal and Interest 
Component”, amounts payable by way of redemption of the Notes shall, subject to (iv) below, 
be calculated by reference to the terms set out in respect of such Credit Component; and 
(iv) 
more than one Credit Component may be specified in the Final Terms as an "Interest 
Component", "Principal Component" or "Principal and Interest Component", provided that a 
related "Component Percentage" is specified; in such case, all references in the definitions of 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" and "Outstanding Nominal Amount" to the "initial 
aggregate Nominal Amount" shall, for the purposes of such Credit Component be references to 
the related Component Nominal Amount. 
(d) 
Hybrid Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Hybrid Credit Linked Notes, then: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms provide that "Event Determination Date Overrides Automatic Early 
Redemption" is applicable, an Automatic Early Redemption Date shall not be capable of 
occurring in respect of the Credit Linked Notes if, as of the related Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, an Event Determination Date has occurred (but any Event Determination Date 
occurring after such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be disregarded); and 
(ii) 
if the Final Terms specify that "Credit Linked Calculation Basis" is applicable, any reference to 
the "Nominal Amount", "Calculation Amount", "Specified Denomination" or any related 
abbreviation for the purpose of determining any amount payable by way of interest or coupon 
or on scheduled or early redemption of the Notes and which is calculated by reference to a Type 
of Underlying Reference other than the Reference Entity or Entities or the credit risk thereof, 
shall be to the Outstanding Nominal Amount, save with respect to any amounts determined and 
paid under any item of the Final Terms specified as an "Excluded Item" for such purpose (which 
may include, without limitation, Item 22 (Final Payout)); and

--- Page 703 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
703 
 
 
(iii) 
the Credit Linked Note Maturity Date shall notwithstanding such definition, be subject to 
deferral as provided for in these Credit Linked Note Conditions and as provided with respect to 
the Maturity Date in any terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes which relate to a Type 
of Underlying Reference referred to at (ii) above. 
(e) 
Basket Credit Linked Notes where the Final Terms specify a Distribution End Date 
If a Distribution Period Event Determination Date occurs with respect to any Reference Entity and any 
Basket Credit Lnked Notes, Credit Linked Note Conditions 2(b) (Redemption following Event 
Determination Date), 2(c) (Settlement at Maturity) and 5 (Physical Settlement) shall not apply and the 
following provisions shall apply (and for clarification, in respect of such Credit Linked Notes, in the 
event of any inconsistency between the following and the remainder of the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions, the following shall prevail); where the Final Terms specify that "Distribution Period 
Redemption" applies: 
(i) 
irrespective of the applicable Settlement Method, the Issuer will redeem each outstanding Credit 
Linked Notes in part, on the fifth Business Day following the Distribution End Date in an 
Outstanding Nominal Amount corresponding to such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the 
relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount by making a payment in respect of each Credit 
Linked Note equal to its pro rata share of the related Reference Entity Notional Amount. For 
this purpose, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, Credit Linked Note Condition 9(a) 
(Multiple Credit Event Notices) shall not apply; and 
(ii) 
for the avoidance of doubt, no further Event Determination Date may occur in respect of such 
Reference Entity; or 
(iii) 
where the Final Terms specify that "Redemption at Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
with effect from such Distribution Period Event Determination Date, such Reference 
Entity shall no longer be treated as a Reference Entity for the purpose of these Credit 
Linked Note Conditions and no further Event Determination Date may occur with 
respect thereto, including where the Event Determination Date relates to a 
Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which an Exercise Amount has been 
determined; and 
(b) 
no adjustment shall be made to the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of any 
other Reference Entity as a result of the above (notwithstanding the definition thereof); 
or 
(iv) 
where the Final Terms specify that "Distribution Period Event Determination Date 
Disapplication" applies, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Note 
Conditions, any Distribution Period Event Determination Date which occurs with respect to a 
Reference Entity shall not be treated as an Event Determination Date for the purpose of these

--- Page 704 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
704 
 
 
Credit Linked Note Conditions and only Event Determination Dates which occur on or after the 
Distribution End Date shall be treated as Event Determination Dates for the purpose of these 
Credit Linked Note Conditions. 
(f) 
Bonus Coupon Credit Linked Notes 
If the Credit Linked Notes are Bonus Coupon Credit Linked Note, an additional amount shall be payable 
on either: 
(i) 
where "Final Payment" is specified as the applicable Bonus Coupon Type in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Final Settlement Date; or 
(ii) 
where "Running Basis" is specified as the applicable Bonus Coupon Type in the relevant Final 
Terms, the specified Bonus Coupon Payment Dates, 
in relation to the Credit Linked Notes in an amount equal, in respect of each Credit Linked Note, to the 
initial Nominal Amount thereof multiplied by the Outstanding Bonus Coupon Rate, and where the 
Running Basis is applicable, multiplied by the Bonus Coupon Day Count Fraction. 
(g) 
Credit Linked Interest Only Credit Linked Notes 
If “Credit Linked Interest Only” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Credit Linked 
Note Condition 3 (Interest) will apply to the Notes, but Credit Linked Notes Conditions 2(a) (Redemption 
at Credit Linked Notes Maturity Date), 2(b) (Redemption following Event Determination Date) and 2(c) 
(Redemtpion at Maturity) will not apply. Unless the Credit Linked Notes have previously been redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled in full (including pursuant to Credit Linked Note Conditions 2(d) 
(Redemption following a Merger Event) or 2(e) (Additional Credit Linked Note Disruption Events)) the 
Issuer will redeem each Credit Linked Note on the relevant Credit Linked Note Maturity Date by 
payment of the original Nominal Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(h) 
Credit Linked Principal Only Credit Linked Notes 
If "Credit Linked Principal Only" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Credit Linked 
Note Condition 2 (Redemption) will apply to the Notes but Credit Linked Note Condition 3 (Interest) 
will not apply. Where the redemption of any such Credit Linked Notes is postponed following the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest shall accrue in respect of any such Credit Linked Notes from (and 
including) the Scheduled Maturity Date until the relevant date of redemption. 
Where any such Credit Linked Notes are subject to redemption in full in circumstances where further 
amounts are or may be payable subsequently in respect of interest thereon, then, only to the extent 
required by the terms of any relevant clearing system in order to permit payment of such interest, each 
Credit Linked Note shall be deemed to remain outstanding in an amount equal to one unit of the Specified 
Currency. No payment shall be made in respect of such outstanding amount, and each Credit Linked

--- Page 705 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
705 
 
 
Note which is deemed to be outstanding on such basis shall be cancelled in full on the last date for 
payment of interest thereon. 
5. 
Physical Settlement  
(a) 
Delivery and payment 
If Physical Settlement applies to any Credit Linked Note, then, upon the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall, on or prior to the related Physical Settlement Date and subject to 
Credit Linked Note Condition 5(b), Credit Linked Note Condition 5(c) and Credit Linked Note Condition 
5(f), redeem such Credit Linked Note in full (or, where such Credit Linked Note is a Basket Credit 
Linked Note, in part, in an Outstanding Nominal Amount corresponding to such Credit Linked Note's 
pro rata share of the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount), respectively, by: 
(b) 
delivering a pro rata share of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the related Notice of 
Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable; and 
(c) 
paying such Credit Linked Note's pro rata portion of the related Physical Settlement Adjustment 
Rounding Amount. 
(b) 
Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement  
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer to Deliver or, 
due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer or any Noteholder, it is impossible or illegal for the 
relevant Noteholder or, where “Hedging Link Provisions” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
to accept Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations (other than a Deliverable Obligation described 
in paragraph (d) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”) specified in a Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, on the related Physical Settlement Date, then 
on such date the Issuer shall Deliver any of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, for which it is possible and legal to take 
Delivery. If any Undeliverable Obligations have not been delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date, then Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement shall apply with respect to such 
Undeliverable Obligations and, accordingly, the Issuer shall pay the relevant Noteholders an amount 
equal to the Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount, to be apportioned pro rata amongst the 
relevant Noteholders on the Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Date. 
(c) 
Non-Delivery of Deliverable Obligations 
If the Issuer does not Deliver any Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, other than as a result of an event or circumstance contemplated 
in Credit Linked Note Condition 5(b) above (including following the occurrence of a Hedge Disruption 
Event), such failure shall not constitute an Event of Default or breach of agreement for the purpose of

--- Page 706 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
706 
 
 
the Credit Linked Notes and the Issuer may continue to attempt to Deliver the Deliverable Obligations 
that are Bonds or Loans until the Extended Physical Settlement Date. 
If, as at the relevant Extended Physical Settlement Date, any such Deliverable Obligations have not been 
Delivered, then Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement shall apply with respect to such Deliverable 
Obligations and the Issuer shall pay to the Noteholders an amount equal to the Partial Credit Event Cash 
Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the Noteholders on the Partial Credit Event Cash 
Settlement Date.  
(d) 
Aggregation and Rounding 
Where a Noteholder holds Credit Linked Notes in an Outstanding Nominal Amount greater than the 
Specified Denomination, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations to be 
Delivered in respect of the Credit Linked Notes of such Noteholder shall be aggregated for the purposes 
of this Credit Linked Note Condition 5. If the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable 
Obligations to be Delivered in respect of each Credit Linked Note to be redeemed pursuant to this Credit 
Linked Note Condition 5(d) on any occasion is not equal to an authorised denomination (or integral 
multiple thereof) of such Deliverable Obligations then the Outstanding Principal Balance of Deliverable 
Obligations to be Delivered will be rounded down to the nearest authorised denomination or multiple 
thereof, or, if none, to zero. In such circumstances, the Deliverable Obligations that were not capable of 
being Delivered shall, if and to the extent practicable, be sold by the Issuer or such other agent as may 
be appointed by the Issuer for such purpose and, if they are so sold, the Issuer shall make payment in 
respect of each Credit Linked Note in an amount equal to its pro rata share of the related net sale proceeds 
as soon as reasonably practicable following receipt thereof. 
(e) 
Delivery and Fees 
The Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations pursuant to the provisions of this Credit Linked Note 
Condition 5 (Physical Settlement) shall be made in such manner as the Issuer shall determine, in a 
commercially reasonable manner, to be appropriate for such Delivery. Subject as set out in the definition 
of "Deliver": 
(i) 
any recordation, processing or similar fee reasonably incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates and payable to the agent under a Loan in connection with an assignment or novation 
(where Deliverable Obligations include Assignable Loans or Consent Required Loans) or 
participation (where Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan Participations) shall be 
payable by the relevant Noteholders, and if any stamp tax or transaction tax is payable in 
connection with the Delivery of any Deliverable Obligations, payment thereof shall be made by 
the relevant Noteholders; and  
(ii) 
where “Hedging Link Provisions” is applicable, any other expenses arising from the Delivery 
and/or transfer of the Deliverable Obligations shall be for the account of the Noteholders or the

--- Page 707 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
707 
 
 
Issuer, as appropriate, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with then current 
market conventions. 
Delivery and/or transfer of the Deliverable Obligations shall be delayed until all expenses relating to 
such Delivery or transfer payable by the Noteholders pursuant to (i) and/or (ii) above, as applicable, have 
been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice  
A Noteholder will not be entitled to any of the amounts or assets specified as being due to it in this Credit 
Linked Note Condition 5 upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date and delivery of the Notice 
of Physical Settlement unless it has presented or surrendered (as is appropriate) the relevant Credit 
Linked Note and delivered a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice in accordance with Base Condition 
12.1 (Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice Requirement). For so long as the Credit Linked Notes are 
held in any clearing system, any communication from such clearing system on behalf of the Noteholder 
containing the information required in a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice will be treated as a 
Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice. For as long as Bearer Notes are represented by a Global Note, 
surrender of Credit Linked Notes for such purpose will be effected by presentation of the Global Note 
and its endorsement to note the Outstanding Nominal Amount of Credit Linked Notes to which the 
relevant a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice relates. 
(g) 
Disapplication of Physical Settlement 
Where “Hedging Link Provisions” are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Physical 
Settlement will not apply. 
6. 
Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation 
Category and Characteristics 
(a) 
Obligation Characteristics 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified in the related 
Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Final Terms shall be 
construed as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
(b) 
Deliverable Obligation Category and Characteristics 
If: 
(i) 
any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance" or "Not 
Bearer" is specified in the related Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the applicable 
Transaction Type, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation

--- Page 708 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
708 
 
 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect 
to Bonds; 
(ii) 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the Final Terms or is 
applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Final Terms shall be construed as 
though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans; 
(iii) 
any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" 
or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the 
applicable Transaction Type, the Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only 
with respect to Loans; and 
(iv) 
more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan Participation" 
are specified in the Final Terms as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics or is applicable in 
respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan 
that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not 
satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
(c) 
Relevant Guarantee 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable Obligation 
Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to be described by the same category or 
categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation. 
(ii) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the 
relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the Final Terms or applicable in respect of the 
relevant Transaction Type from the following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified Currency", 
"Not Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic Law".  
(iii) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each 
of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if 
any, specified in the Final Terms or applicable in respect of the relevant Transaction Type from 
the following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required 
Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", "Accelerated or 
Matured" and "Not Bearer".

--- Page 709 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
709 
 
 
(iv) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed 
to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(v) 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this Credit Linked Note Condition 6 apply in 
respect of the definitions of "Obligation" and "Deliverable Obligation" as the context admits. 
(d) 
Maximum Maturity 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum Maturity", 
remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect 
at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and 
payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(e) 
Financial Reference Entity Terms and Governmental Intervention 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in 
respect of a Reference Entity, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant 
obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference Entity's 
obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(f) 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the 
requirements specified in Credit Linked Note Condition 9(b) (Mod R) and Credit Linked Note Condition 
9(c) (Mod Mod R) to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such 
determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation in effect immediately 
prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(g) 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity, 
if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, 
the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to satisfy 
such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(h) 
Accrued Interest 
With respect to any Credit Linked Notes for which:

--- Page 710 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
710 
 
 
(i) 
"Physical Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the related Final Terms (or 
for which Physical Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued but 
unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the related Final Terms, in 
which case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered 
will include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
"Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the related Final Terms (or if 
Cash Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), and: 
(A) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the related Final Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as applicable, 
shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(B) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the related Final Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as applicable, 
shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(C) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
related Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current 
market practice in the market of the Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as 
applicable, whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation or 
Valuation Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if 
applicable, the amount thereof; or 
(iii) 
Credit Linked Note Condition 5(b) (Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement) or Credit Linked 
Note Condition 5(c) (Non-Delivery of Deliverable Obligations) is applicable, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine, based on the then current market practice in the market for the relevant 
Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or 
Unassignable Obligation, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest. 
(i) 
Asset Package Delivery 
"Asset Package Delivery" will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such Asset 
Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit 
Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the Event 
Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists 
immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event. 
If the "Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement" is applicable in respect of a Reference Entity, 
then, notwithstanding the above, it shall be deemed that no Package Observable Bond exists with respect

--- Page 711 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
711 
 
 
to such Reference Entity that is a Sovereign (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published 
by ISDA) and accordingly, Asset Package Delivery shall not apply thereto. 
7. 
Successors 
(a) 
Provisions for determining a Successor 
(i) 
Subject as set out in Credit Linked Note Condition 1(c) (Index Credit Notes), the Calculation 
Agent may determine, following any succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) and with effect from the Succession Date, any 
Successor or Successors under the definition of "Successor"; provided that the Calculation 
Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has 
publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under 
the definition of "Successor" (or the provisions relating to the determination of a Successor) 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on the basis of Eligible 
Information. 
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under 
the definition of "Successor", if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all 
related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single 
succession. 
(ii) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(I) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, 
or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date 
occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(II) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately 
prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one 
Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(III) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
(iii) 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to the definition of 
"Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant 
Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange 
Bonds or Loans.

--- Page 712 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
712 
 
 
(iv) 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference 
Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint 
Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct 
obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be 
treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential 
Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or 
guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
(b) 
Single Reference Entity 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes and a Succession Date 
has occurred and more than one Successor has been identified, each such Credit Linked Note will be 
deemed for all purposes to have been divided, with effect from the Succession Date, into the same number 
of new Credit Linked Notes as there are Successors with the following terms: 
(i) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity for the purposes of one of the deemed new Credit 
Linked Notes; 
(ii) 
in respect of each deemed new Credit Linked Note, the Reference Entity Notional Amount will 
be the Reference Entity Notional Amount applicable to the original Reference Entity divided 
by the number of Successors; and 
(iii) 
all other terms and conditions of the original Credit Linked Notes will be replicated in each 
deemed new Credit Linked Note except that the Calculation Agent shall make such 
modifications as it determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
are required in order to preserve the economic effects of the original Credit Linked Notes in the 
deemed new Credit Linked Notes (considered in aggregate). 
(c) 
Nth-to-Default  
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
where a Succession Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity (other than a Reference 
Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred) and more than one Successor has been 
identified, each such Credit Linked Note will be deemed for all purposes to have been divided, 
with effect from the Succession Date, into a number of new Credit Linked Notes equal to the 
number of Successors. Each such new Credit Linked Note shall include a Successor and each 
and every one of the unaffected Reference Entities and the provisions of Credit Linked Note 
Condition 7(b) (i) to (iii) (inclusive) shall apply thereto;

--- Page 713 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
713 
 
 
(ii) 
if "Substitution" is specified as not being applicable in the Final Terms, where any Reference 
Entity (the "Surviving Reference Entity") (other than a Reference Entity that is subject to the 
Succession Date) would be a Successor to any other Reference Entity (the "Legacy Reference 
Entity") pursuant to a Succession Date, such Surviving Reference Entity shall be deemed to be 
a Successor to the Legacy Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
if "Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, where the Surviving 
Reference Entity (other than a Reference Entity that is subject to the Succession Date) would 
be a Successor to a Legacy Reference Entity pursuant to a Succession Date: 
(A) 
such Surviving Reference Entity shall be deemed not to be a Successor to the Legacy 
Reference Entity; and 
(B) 
the Replacement Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Successor to the Legacy 
Reference Entity. 
(d) 
Basket Credit Linked Notes and Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranched Credit Linked Notes, and 
one or more Successors have been identified in respect of a Reference Entity that has been the subject of 
a related Succession Date (the "Affected Entity"), then, with effect from the Succession Date: 
(i) 
the Affected Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity (unless it is a Successor as described 
in (ii) below); 
(ii) 
each Successor will be deemed a Reference Entity (in addition to each Reference Entity which 
is not an Affected Entity); 
(iii) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for each such Successor will equal the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount of the Affected Entity divided by the number of Successors; 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent may make any modifications to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes 
which it determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, may be 
required to preserve the economic effects of the Credit Linked Notes prior to the Succession 
Date (considered in the aggregate); and 
(v) 
for the avoidance of doubt, a Reference Entity may, as a result of a Succession Date, be 
represented by multiple Reference Entity Notional Amounts for the Successor(s) of such 
Reference Entity. 
8. 
Provisions relating to LPN Reference Entities and CoCo Supplement  
(a) 
LPN Reference Entities

--- Page 714 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
714 
 
 
The following provisions shall apply if the relevant Final Terms provide that "LPN Reference Entity" is 
applicable: 
(i) 
Multiple Holder Obligation will not be applicable with respect to any Reference Obligation and 
any Underlying Loan; 
(ii) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
these Credit Linked Note Conditions, and in particular, that the obligation is not an obligation 
of the Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in these Credit Linked Note Conditions, and in particular, that the obligation is not an 
obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(iv) 
for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an 
Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the outstanding principal balance shall 
be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as 
applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation;  
(v) 
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
shall be construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of the Reference Entity; 
and 
(vi) 
“Reference Obligation" shall mean each of the obligations listed as a Reference Obligation of 
the Reference Entity in the Final Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations 
List (each, a "Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation"), as published by Markit Group 
Limited, 
or 
any 
successor 
thereto, 
which 
list 
is 
currently 
available 
at 
http://www.markit.com/marketing/services.php, 
any 
Additional 
LPN, 
determined 
in 
accordance with the definition thereof, and each Additional Obligation. Each Reference 
Obligation determined in accordance with the foregoing will be a Reference Obligation 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions and in particular, notwithstanding 
that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity. Standard Reference Obligation 
shall be Not Applicable. The provision in the definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation" shall not apply. If there is more than one Reference Obligation, all applicable 
references in these Conditions to "the Reference Obligation" shall be construed as a reference 
to "a Reference Obligation”, and all other provisions of these Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. The provisions in "Substitute Reference Obligation" and "Substitution Event" shall 
not be applicable to LPN Reference Obligations. 
(b) 
Provisions relating to CoCo Supplement 
The following provisions shall apply in respect of a Reference Entity if the "CoCo Supplement" is 
applicable:

--- Page 715 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
715 
 
 
(i) 
If, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a 
permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a 
conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, such event shall be deemed to 
constitute a Governmental Intervention falling within paragraph (a) of the definition thereof. 
(ii) 
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a Governmental Intervention 
for all purposes. 
(iii) 
The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
"Coco Provision" means, with respect to an Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a permanent or 
temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal 
into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage. 
"Trigger Percentage" means the trigger percentage specified in respect of the Reference Entity (or if no 
such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per cent.). 
"Capital Ratio" means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to the Obligation, as 
described in the terms thereof in effect from time to time. 
9. 
Restructuring Credit Event 
(a) 
Multiple Credit Event Notices 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such M(M)R 
Restructuring, each such notice setting forth the amount of the relevant Reference Entity 
Notional Amount to which such notice applies (the "Exercise Amount") provided that if the 
Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, the then outstanding Reference 
Entity Notional Amount (and not a portion thereof) will be deemed to have been specified as 
the Exercise Amount; 
(ii) 
the provisions of these Credit Linked Note Conditions (including, without limitation, as to the 
determination of any Auction Settlement Amount, Auction Settlement Amount (Leveraged), 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount, Credit Eventi Cash Settlement Amount (Leveraged) and 
Loss Amount) shall be deemed to apply to an aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of Credit 
Linked Notes equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the provisions shall be construed 
accordingly; and 
(iii) 
the Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing an M(M)R 
Restructuring must be an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Specified Currency (or, 
if Japanese Yen, 100,000,000 units) in which the Reference Entity Notional Amount is

--- Page 716 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
716 
 
 
denominated or any integral multiple thereof or the entire relevant Reference Entity Notional 
Amount. 
If any Credit Linked Note is subject to partial redemption in accordance with this Credit Linked Note 
Condition 9, the relevant Credit Linked Note or, if the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global 
Note, such Global Note shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. 
(b) 
Mod R 
If (i) "Physical Settlement" or "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Redemption Method in the related 
Final Terms (or is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method), (ii) "Mod R" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Reference Entity and (iii) Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit 
Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation is a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a 
Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation may only be specified (or deemed 
specified) in the Notice of Physical Settlement or in any NOPS Amendment Notice or selected by the 
Issuer to form part of the related Valuation Obligations Portfolio, as applicable, if such Deliverable 
Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation: 
(A) 
is a Fully Transferable Obligation; and  
(B) 
has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date,  
in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date or, as applicable, as of the 
Relevant Valuation Date. 
(c) 
Mod Mod R 
If (i) "Physical Settlement" or "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Redemption Method in the related 
Final Terms (or is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method), (ii) "Mod Mod R" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and (iii) Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in 
a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation is 
a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, 
a Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation may only be specified (or deemed 
specified) in the Notice of Physical Settlement or in any NOPS Amendment Notice or selected by the 
Issuer to form part of the related Valuation Obligations Portfolio, as applicable, if it (A) is a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation and (B) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the 
Delivery Date or, as applicable, as of the Relevant Valuation Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for 
purposes of this paragraph, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date on or 
prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be 
the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior 
to the relevant Restructuring.

--- Page 717 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
717 
 
 
If the relevant Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement (or in any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable) or, as applicable, the relevant Valuation Obligation selected, is a 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation with respect to which consent is required to novate, assign or 
transfer and the requisite consent is refused (whether or not a reason is given for such refusal and, where 
a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is not received by the Physical Settlement 
Date or, as applicable, the Relevant Valuation Date (in which case it shall be deemed to have been 
refused), the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, notify the relevant Noteholders of such 
refusal (or deemed refusal) and: 
(i) 
each such Noteholder may designate a third party (which may or may not be an Affiliate of such 
Noteholder) to take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligation on its behalf; and 
(ii) 
if a Noteholder does not designate a third party that takes Delivery on or prior to the date which 
is three Credit Linked Note Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date, then the Issuer 
will redeem the Credit Linked Notes for which Delivery has not occurred, by payment of the 
relevant Partial Cash Settlement Amount to such Noteholder. For the avoidance of doubt Credit 
Linked Note Condition 5(b) will not apply to this paragraph. 
(d) 
General Terms relating to Mod R and Mod Mod R 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to "Mod R" and "Mod Mod R", final maturity date 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Note Condition 9(c) (Mod Mod R), be determined on the basis of the 
terms of the Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation in effect at the time of making 
such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation 
that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such determination 
is made. 
(e) 
Multiple Holder Obligations 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of "Restructuring" and related provisions, is 
applicable the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described in 
sub-paragraph (a)(i) to (a)(v) (inclusive) thereof shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in 
respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation, provided that any obligation that is a Bond 
shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Multiple Holder 
Obligation". 
10. 
Miscellaneous Provisions relating to Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Determinations of the Calculation Agent 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event 
or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to 
be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent in each case in good faith and in a

--- Page 718 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
718 
 
 
commercially reasonable manner pursuant to the Credit Linked Note Conditions shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the Noteholders. 
Unless otherwise expressly stated, the Calculation Agent is not bound to follow or act in accordance with 
any determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Whenever the 
Calculation Agent is required to make any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction 
and legal interpretation. If the Calculation Agent chooses to rely on the determinations of the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee it may do so without liability. Any such election, 
modification, determination or adjustment shall not create a significant imbalance between the rights and 
obligations of the Issuer compared to the Holders, to the detriment of the Holders. Any delay, deferral or 
forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or its 
discretion under the Credit Linked Notes including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to 
any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such 
obligation or discretion, and where “Hedging Link Provisions” are specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, none of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) shall, in the absence of 
wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or consequent upon, any such 
delay, deferral or forbearance. 
(b) 
Reversal of DC Resolutions 
If, where a calculation or determination with respect to the Credit Linked Notes has been made by the 
Calculation Agent in reliance upon a DC Resolution or otherwise resulted from a DC Resolution, ISDA 
publicly announces that such DC Resolution has been reversed by a subsequent DC Resolution, such 
reversal will be taken into account for the purposes of any subsequent calculations, provided that the 
ISDA public announcement occurs prior to the DC Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date (or where redeemed 
in part, save to the extent of any such redemption). The Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, will make any adjustment to any future payments as are required to 
take account of such reversal, including any payment of additional interest or any reduction in any interest 
or any other amount payable under the Credit Linked Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of 
interest shall be taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment.  
(c) 
Change in Standard Terms and Market Conventions 
Where “Hedging Link Provisions” are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, 
acting reasonably, may (but shall not be obligated to) modify these Credit Linked Note Conditions from 
time to time with effect from a date designated by the Calculation Agent to the extent reasonably 
necessary to ensure consistency with prevailing market standards or market trading conventions, which 
are, pursuant to the agreement of leading dealers in the credit derivatives market or any relevant ISDA 
committee, a market-wide protocol, any applicable law or regulation or the rules of any applicable 
exchange or clearing system, applicable to any Notional Credit Derivative Transaction or any Hedge 
Transaction entered into prior to such date or terms thereof. The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer 
and the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable upon making any such determination. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent may not, without the consent of the Issuer, amend, pursuant

--- Page 719 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
719 
 
 
to this Credit Linked Note Condition 10(c) any of the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes 
other than the Credit Linked Note Conditions. 
In particular, the Calculation Agent may make such modifications as may be necessary to ensure 
consistency with any successor provisions ("Successor Provisions") which are published by ISDA and 
which supersede the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, for the purposes of credit derivatives 
transactions generally (including with respect to transactions which are entered into prior to the relevant 
date of publication and which are outstanding as of that date) and/or may apply and rely on 
determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee made in respect of a relevant 
Reference Entity under any such Successor Provisions notwithstanding any discrepancy between the 
terms of such Successor Provisions and these Credit Linked Note Conditions. 
This Credit Linked Note Condition 10(c) shall apply unless the related Final Terms specifies that 
"Change in Standard Terms and Market Conventions" is not applicable. 
(d) 
Delivery of Notices 
As soon as reasonably practicable after receiving a Credit Event Notice or Notice of Publicly Available 
Information from the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall promptly inform, or shall procure that the 
Calculation Agent informs the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) provided 
that any failure or delay in giving such notice to Noteholders shall not affect the rights of the Issuer in 
relation thereto. Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are, as of the date 
hereof, available on the website of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
(https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org) (or any successor website thereto). 
(e) 
Effectiveness of Notices 
Any notice referred to in Credit Linked Note Condition 10(d) above which is delivered on or prior to 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on a London Business Day is effective on such date and if delivered after such 
time or on a day that is not a London Business Day, is deemed effective on the next following London 
Business Day.  
A notice given by telephone by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have been delivered 
at the time the telephone conversation takes place.  
(f) 
Excess Amounts  
If, on a Business Day, the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that an Excess Amount has been 
paid to Noteholders on or prior to such day, then following notification of the determination of an Excess 
Amount to the Issuer and Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), the Issuer may 
deduct any such Excess Amount from future payments in relation to the Credit Linked Notes (whether 
interest or principal) or may reduce the amount of any assets deliverable under the terms of the Credit

--- Page 720 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
720 
 
 
Linked Notes to the extent that it determines, acting reasonably, to be necessary to compensate for such 
Excess Amount.  
(g) 
Provisions Relating to Timing 
Subject to Credit Linked Note Condition 10(e) and Credit Linked Note Condition 12(h), in order to 
determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of the Credit Linked Note Conditions, the 
demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type 
of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in which such event 
occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to 
midnight. 
(h) 
Payment Timing  
Notwithstanding the "Credit Event Notice" definition and Credit Linked Note Condition 10(g) 
(Provisions Relating to Timing), if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as 
the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall 
be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction 
Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place of 
payment. 
(i) 
Business Day Convention 
If the last day of any period calculated by reference to calendar days falls on a day that is not a Business 
Day, such last day shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day 
Convention; provided that if the last day of any period is the Credit Event Backstop Date or the Successor 
Backstop Date, such last day shall not be subject to any adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
(j) 
No Frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, the Credit Linked Notes will not be considered frustrated, or otherwise 
void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(i) 
the Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date; and/or 
(ii) 
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or cease to 
exist on or following, the Trade Date 
(k) 
Rounding 
Any amount payable under these Credit Linked Note Conditions shall be rounded downwards to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant currency.

--- Page 721 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
721 
 
 
11. 
Definitions 
In these Credit Linked Note Conditions: 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the nominal amount owed, whether by 
reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance with 
the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed 
under any applicable insolvency laws. 
"Additional Credit Linked Note Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified as applying in the Final Terms (provided that 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging shall not apply where Hedging Link Provisions are 
specified as not applicable). 
"Additional LPN" means any LPN issued by an LPN Issuer for the sole purpose of providing funds for 
the LPN Issuer to provide financing to the Reference Entity via an: 
(a) Underlying Loan; or 
(b) Underlying Finance Instrument, 
provided that: 
(i) 
either: 
(I) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN, the 
Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of 
the Reference Entity; or 
(II) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such 
LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not 
Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation Characteristics; 
(ii) 
the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: Transferable, 
Not Bearer, Specified Currencies – Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law, 
Not Domestic Issuance; and 
(iii) 
the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking 
Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying 
Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of holders of the 
LPNs. 
"Additional Obligation" means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of the 
Reference Entity in the relevant "LPN Reference Obligation List" as published by Markit Group Limited,

--- Page 722 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
722 
 
 
or 
any 
successor 
thereto, 
which 
list 
is 
currently 
available 
at 
http://www.markit.com/marketing/services.php. 
"Additional Provisions" means any additional provisions from time to time published by ISDA for use 
in the over-the-counter credit derivatives market and specified as applicable in relation to a Reference 
Entity which may include: 
(a) the Additional Provisions for Physically Settled Default Swap - Monoline Insurer as Reference 
Entity, as published by ISDA on 15 September 2014; or 
(b) any other provisions specified in relation to such Reference Entity. 
"Affected Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Note Condition 7(d) above. 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person. For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ownership of 
a majority of the voting power of the entity or person. 
"Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Linked Notes and any 
date, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to: 
(a) the aggregate of any Incurred Recovery Amounts calculated with respect to all Reference Entities up 
to and including such date; minus  
(b) the sum of all Aggregate Unwind Costs (for the avoidance of doubt, without double counting).  
"Aggregate Loss Amount" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Linked Notes and any date, the 
aggregate of all Loss Amounts calculated with respect to all Reference Entities up to and including such 
date. 
"Aggregate Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Linked Notes and any date, the 
aggregate of all Recovery Amounts calculated with respect to all Reference Entities up to and including 
such date. 
"Aggregate Unwind Costs" has the meaning given to such term in the definition of "Credit Unwind 
Costs".  
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other 
consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid 
or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realized or capable of being 
realized in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists).

--- Page 723 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
723 
 
 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by 
reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion 
received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event 
(which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). 
If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset 
Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains 
nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a) if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable 
in respect of the Reference Entity: 
(i) 
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii) 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and such Restructuring does not 
constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in respect of 
the Reference Entity, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, 
commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not 
then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the Reference Entity 
or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the Reference Entity 
is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and if specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation 
Category, the Assignable Loan Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect 
of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation Category that are Loans. 
"Attachment Point" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the value specified as such in 
the Final Terms. 
"Auction" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Covered Transaction" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 724 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
724 
 
 
"Auction Final Price" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or the 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms identified by the Issuer in the Auction Settlement Amount Notice. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Settlement Amount" means, in relation to any Reference Entity, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
Auction Settlement Amount = Max (PPA, Max [0, Min (A, [(A × B) – C])]) 
where: 
"A" means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
"B" means the relevant Auction Final Price;  
"C" means the Credit Unwind Costs (unless the Final Terms specify that Credit Unwind Costs are 
not applicable and/or that “Hedging Link Provisions” are not applicable, in which event "C" means 
zero); and 
"PPA" means the Principal Protection Level specified in the Final Terms multiplied by the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount (and if there is no such level, shall be disregarded). 
"Auction Settlement Amount (Leveraged)" means, in relation to any Reference Entity, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
Auction Settlement Amount = Max (0, A – Leverage × A × (1 – B) – C) 
where: 
"A" means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
"B" means the relevant Auction Final Price;  
"C" means the Credit Unwind Costs (unless the Final Terms specify that Credit Unwind Costs are 
not applicable and/or that “Hedging Link Provisions” are not applicable, in which event "C" means 
zero); and 
"Leverage" means the leverage factor indicated specified in the Final Terms. 
"Auction Settlement Amount Notice" means a notice given by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and 
the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices), on or prior to the date which is 65 
Business Days following the Final List Publication Date (or, if later, the Movement Option Cut-off Date) 
specifying:

--- Page 725 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
725 
 
 
(a) the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms which the Issuer 
has elected to apply to the Credit Linked Notes (provided that the Issuer may only elect to apply 
any Parallel Auction Settlement Terms (for purposes of which all Deliverable Obligations (as 
defined in respect of the Final List) on the Final List will be Permissible Deliverable Obligations) 
in the circumstances set out in sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of "No Auction 
Announcement Date"); and 
(b) the Auction Settlement Amount or the Auction Settlement Amount (Leveraged), as applicable. 
"Auction Settlement Date" means the date that is three Business Days following delivery by the Issuer 
of the Auction Settlement Amount Notice to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders in accordance 
with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
"Bankruptcy" means a Reference Entity: 
(a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory 
or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(c) makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes 
effective; 
(d) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such 
proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition: 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or 
the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar 
days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all 
its assets; 
(g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or

--- Page 726 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
726 
 
 
substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (a) to (g) 
(inclusive) above. 
"Basket Credit Linked Notes" means any Credit Linked Notes specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category that is 
in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated 
debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money obligation. 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
"Bonus Interest Day Count Fraction" means the relevant day count fraction specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and to be read as though the terms relating to Day Count Fraction apply thereto; 
"Bonus Interest Determination Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms, or if not specified, 
the relevant Final Price Calculation Date. 
"Bonus Interest Implicit Portfolio Size" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms.  
"Bonus Interest Payment Date(s)" means the dates specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Bonus Interest Writedown Rate" means, in respect of an Event Determination Date relating to a 
Reference Entity, the Incurred Loss Amount (if any) divided by the initial Nominal Amount (the Incurred 
Loss Amount for such purpose only, to be determined as though the Attachment Point, Exhaustion Point 
and Implicit Portfolio Size were respectively references to the Bonus Interest Attachment Point, Bonus 
Interest Exhaustion Point and Bonus Interest Implicit Portfolio Size and further assuming that for such 
purpose, references to the definitions of Incurred Loss Amount and, if Incurred Recoveries are specified 
as applicable in the Final Terms, to Outstanding Nominal Amount is to the initial Nominal Amount 
multiplied by the Outstanding Bonus Interest Rate). 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement 
for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment 
of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement 
obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
"Capped Reference Entity" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, a Reference Entity 
having a specified Transaction Type in respect of which "60 Business Day Cap on Settlement" is 
expressed as applying in the Physical Settlement Matrix.

--- Page 727 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
727 
 
 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (A) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law, 
solvency, regulatory or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable 
law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial authority), or the 
combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer determines that: 
(a) 
it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Credit Linked Notes or (where “Hedging 
Link Provisions” are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Credit Linked Notes; 
or 
(b) 
where “Hedging Link Provisions” are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, it 
or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, in 
respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in maintaining the Credit 
Linked Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge positions of 
the Credit Linked Notes. 
"CoCo Supplement" means the 2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions, as published by ISDA on 15 September 2014.  
"Combination Credit Linked Notes" means any Credit Linked Note specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
"Component Nominal Amount" means, in relation to Combination Credit Linked Notes and any Credit 
Component, an amount equal to the product of (i) the related Component Percentage and (ii) the initial 
aggregate Nominal Amount of Combination Credit Linked Notes. 
"Component Percentage" means, in relation to Combination Credit Linked Notes and any Credit 
Component such percentage as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in 
each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date or, as applicable, as of the Relevant 
Valuation Date, provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the 
guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if 
the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such 
novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such 
consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, 
assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative

--- Page 728 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
728 
 
 
agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a 
requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation". 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the consent 
of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and, if specified as applicable 
to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Consent Required Loan Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within the Deliverable Obligation Category that are 
Loans. 
"Credit Component" means a set of credit-linkage terms, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means, in relation to any Reference Entity, the Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, 
a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website 
thereto) from time to time and as may be amended from time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published by 
ISDA, and, in addition, if Additional Provisions are specified to be applicable with respect to the Credit 
Linked Notes in the Final Terms, as supplemented by the Additional Provisions. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means each committee established pursuant to the 
Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative transactions 
in the over-the-counter market, as more fully described in the Rules. 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation 
Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring, Governmental Intervention 
as specified with respect to a Reference Entity. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based 
upon: 
(a) any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation 
or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, 
or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar

--- Page 729 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
729 
 
 
administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, 
regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(d) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date or, if so 
specified in the Final Terms, the Issue Date or such other date specified in the Final Terms. The Credit 
Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount" means, in relation to any Reference Entity and unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount = Max (PPA, Max [0, Min (A, [(A × B) – C]))] 
where: 
"A" means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
"B" means the Weighted Average Final Price, or if so specified in the Final Terms, the Final Price 
or such other price specified therein; 
"C" means the Credit Unwind Costs (unless the Final Terms specify that Credit Unwind Costs are 
not applicable and/or that “Hedging Link Provisions” are not applicable, in which event "C" means 
zero); and  
"PPA" means the Principal Protection Level specified in the Final Terms multiplied by the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount (and if there is no such level shall be disregarded). 
"Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount (Leveraged)" means, in relation to any Reference Entity and 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount (Leveraged) = Max (0, A – Leverage × A × (1 – B) – C) 
where: 
"A" means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
"B" means the Final Price or such other price specified in the Final Terms; 
"C" means the Credit Unwind Costs (unless the Final Terms specify that Credit Unwind Costs are 
not applicable and/or that “Hedging Link Provisions” are not applicable, in which event "C" means 
zero); and

--- Page 730 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
730 
 
 
"Leverage" means the leverage factor specified in the Final Terms. 
"Credit Event Cash Settlement Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in 
the Final Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not specified, three Business Days) immediately 
following the determination of the Weighted Average Final Price (or, if Credit Linked Note Condition 
2(b) (Redemption following Event Determination Date) is specified not to be applicable in the Final 
Terms or if the Final Price is specified in the Final Terms, the date falling fifteen Credit Linked Note 
Business Days following the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement). 
"Credit Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent (which may be in writing 
(including by facsimile and/or email and/or by telephone)) to the Issuer that describes a Credit Event that 
occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Credit Observation Period 
End Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension 
Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must be in 
respect of the full Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred, provided that where an Event Determination Date has 
occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition thereof, a reference to the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement shall suffice. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice need 
not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date 
as publicly announced by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
"Credit Observation Period End Date" means the date, if any, specified as such in the Final Terms or, 
if no such date is specified, the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Credit Linked Notes" means Notes linked to the credit of a specified entity or entities. 
"Credit Linked Note Business Day" means, in respect of any Reference Entity, (a)(i) a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or 
places and on the days specified for that purpose with respect to such Reference Entity, and/or (ii) a 
TARGET Day (if "TARGET" or "TARGET Day" is specified with respect to such Reference Entity), or 
(b) if a place or places or such terms are not so specified, (i) if the related Reference Entity Notional

--- Page 731 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
731 
 
 
Amount is denominated in the euro, a TARGET Day, or (ii) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the 
jurisdiction of the currency of denomination of the related Reference Entity Notional Amount. Business 
Days referenced in the Physical Settlement Matrix shall be deemed to be Credit Linked Note Business 
Days. 
"Credit Linked Note Dealer" means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) (as the case may 
be) for which quotations are to be obtained (as selected by the Calculation Agent) and may include the 
Calculation Agent or its Affiliate and a Noteholder or its Affiliate or as may otherwise be specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Credit Linked Note Maturity Date" means either: 
(a) the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(b) where an Extension Notice in relation to a Reference Entity is delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer at or prior to 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the date falling two London Business 
Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the date falling two Business Days after the latest 
to occur of the expiry of the Notice Delivery Period, the expiry of the Post Dismissal Additional 
Period or the latest date on which it would be possible for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
to deliver a Credit Event Notice under paragraph (b)(i)(B) or (b)(ii) of the definition of "Event 
Determination Date". 
"Credit Unwind Costs" means an amount (such amount prior to any apportionment pro rata, the 
"Aggregate Unwind Costs"), subject to a minimum of zero, determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses (including loss of funding and/or the difference, 
if any, between the initial aggregate Nominal Amount and the aggregate Issue Price of the Credit Linked 
Notes), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer in connection with:  
(a) 
where applicable, the redemption, settlement, cancellation and/or termination of the Credit 
Linked Notes (and/or the reduction in the Outstanding Nominal Amount thereof); and  
(b) 
the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge Transaction,  
such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding nominal amount outstanding of each 
Credit Linked Note or as an alternative, in respect of any subsititution pursuant to a Reference 
Entity/Issuer Merger Event only, to be deducted pro rata from the interest accrued on each Credit Linked 
Note. 
"Currency Amount" means with respect to: 
(a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, or a selected Valuation Obligation that is denominated in a currency other

--- Page 732 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
732 
 
 
than the Settlement Currency, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a 
conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate; and 
(b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, an amount 
converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement Currency) using 
a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each Revised 
Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount 
specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice with respect to that portion of the relevant 
Reference Entity Notional Amount into the currency of denomination of the relevant 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
"Currency Rate" means with respect to: 
(a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, or a selected Valuation Obligation, the rate of conversion between the 
Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable 
Obligation is denominated that is either: 
(i) 
determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing 
Time; or 
(ii) 
if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine in a 
commercially reasonable manner; and 
(b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised 
Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 p.m. 
(London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the date 
that is 21 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable.  
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement 
by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on 
or prior to the Extension Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after the Credit Observation 
Period End Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, 
in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the 
case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.

--- Page 733 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
733 
 
 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event has 
occurred. 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a Credit 
Event. 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
"DC Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date" means the earliest to occur of the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, a Valuation Date, a Physical Settlement Date, a Delivery Date, the Credit Linked 
Note Maturity Date or other redemption date of the Credit Linked Notes or the date on which instructions 
are given by or on behalf of the Issuer for any such redemption or any date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner, of termination, settlement, replacement 
or re-establishment in whole or in part of any Hedge Transaction (or entry into a binding commitment in 
respect of any of the foregoing) by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates (following the 
occurrence of an Event Determination Date or in reliance on a prior DC Resolution), as applicable. 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules.  
"Deemed Interest Reduction" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Note Condition 
4.2(iv). 
"Default Requirement" means the amount as may be specified as such in the Final Terms or, if a 
Transaction Type is specified, the amount specified as such in the Physical Settlement Matrix or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, U.S.$ 10,000,000 or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency), in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Credit Event. 
"Deliver" means:  
(a) 
to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the 
Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the

--- Page 734 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
734 
 
 
applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary documentation 
and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to 
Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) 
and interest in the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, to the Issuer or the Noteholders, as the case may be, 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens 
routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance system, but including, without 
limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors 
set forth in the definition of "Credit Event") or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or 
any applicable Underlying Obligor) provided that (i) if a Deliverable Obligation is a Direct Loan 
Participation, "Deliver" means to create (or procure the creation of) a participation in favour of 
the Issuer or the Noteholders, as the case may be, and (ii) if a Deliverable Obligation is a 
Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, 
provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, (A) "Deliver" means to Deliver the 
Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap and (B) those claims shall be deemed to be Deliverable Obligations). "Delivery" and 
"Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form 
of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that 
time, provided further that the Issuer and each Noteholder agrees to comply with the provisions 
of any documentation (which shall include any market advisory that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to approve for such purpose) that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves constitutes documentation customarily 
used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, as such documentation may 
be amended to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves 
is appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and payment obligations of the parties 
hereunder. The Issuer agrees, and each Noteholder is deemed to further agree, that compliance 
by the Issuer with the provisions of any such documentation shall be required for, and, without 
further action, constitute, Delivery for the purposes of this definition (to the extent that such 
documentation contains provisions describing how Delivery should be effected) and neither the 
Issuer nor any Noteholder shall be permitted to request that any party take nor shall the Issuer 
or any Noteholder be required to take, any action or make any payment in connection with such 
Delivery, as applicable, unless otherwise contemplated by such documentation. 
(b) 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, 
as applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package 
shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to 
which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) paragraph

--- Page 735 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
735 
 
 
(a) of the definition of "Deliver" and the relevant provisions on delivery shall be deemed to 
apply to each Asset in the Asset Package provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall 
be treated as if it were a Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the 
Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be 
deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on which the 
Issuer or Calculation Agent (on its behalf) has notified the Noteholders of the detailed 
description of the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver in accordance with the definition of 
"Notice of Physical Settlement", (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of 
the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset 
in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (v) if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable 
Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of cash 
equal to the Asset Market Value. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity) or any 
Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the obligation has 
an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than zero (determined for 
purposes of paragraph (d), immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
For purposes of the "Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations", the term "Deliverable 
Obligation" may be defined as each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable 
Obligation Category specified in respect of the Reference Entity, and, subject to Credit Linked Note 
Condition 6 (Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation 
Category and Characteristics), having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, 
specified in respect of the Reference Entity, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the 
Delivery Date (unless otherwise specified). 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation 
Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan as specified in relation to a Reference Entity. If any of Payment, 
Borrowed Money, Loan or Bond or Loan is specified as the Deliverable Obligation Category and more

--- Page 736 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
736 
 
 
than one of Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan and Direct Loan Participation are specified as 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies 
any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics. No Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are applicable to Reference 
Obligation Only. 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum 
Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer. 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set forth in 
the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set forth in the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date on which 
such Deliverable Obligation or Asset Package is Delivered (or deemed Delivered under paragraph (b)(iii) 
of the definition of "Deliver"). 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation agreement, 
the Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of each 
Noteholder that provides each Noteholder with recourse to the participation seller for a specified share 
in any payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, any such 
agreement to be entered into between each Noteholder and either: 
(a) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) (in either case, to the extent that the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as applicable), is then a lender or member of the relevant lending syndicate), or 
(b) 
a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation Seller is 
then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
"Distribution End Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Distribution Period Event Determination Date" means, in respect of Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
any Reference Entity, the occurrence of an Event Determination Date with respect to such Reference 
Entity prior to the Distribution End Date. 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in relation to a Reference Entity and any 
successor currency thereto. If no currency is so specified, the Domestic Currency shall be the lawful 
currency and any successor currency of: 
(a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign; or

--- Page 737 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
737 
 
 
(b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a 
Sovereign. 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organized, if such Reference Entity is 
not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance 
of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference 
Entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under 
the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in 
respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any portion 
of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or 
(b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of 
an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each 
case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the NOPS Effective 
Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, 
the Delivery Date) or (B) the Relevant Valuation Date, as applicable. 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of 
such information. 
"Eligible Transferee" means each of the following: 
(a) any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity 
described in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; 
(b) an Affiliate of an entity specified in (a) above; 
(c) each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity:

--- Page 738 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
738 
 
 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralized debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose 
vehicle) that (I) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (II) is one of a group 
of investment vehicles under common control or management having, in aggregate, 
total assets of at least USD 100,000,000: 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or 
otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement by 
an entity described in paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) hereof; and 
(d) any: 
(i) 
Sovereign; or 
(ii) 
entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and 
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, 
All references in this definition to U.S.$ or USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Event Determination Date" means, in respect of any Credit Event:  
(a) subject to sub-paragraph (b) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs 
during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, provided that 
neither a DC Credit Event Announcement nor a DC No Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) save in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event and notwithstanding sub-paragraph (a) 
above, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including 
prior to the Trade Date), either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either:  
A. 
(I) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; 
or 
B. 
(I) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and

--- Page 739 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
739 
 
 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer on or prior 
to the Exercise Cut-off Date; or  
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer during either the Notice Delivery Period or the period from and including 
the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement to and including the date that is 15 
Business Days thereafter, 
provided that: 
(iii) 
no Physical Settlement Date or Credit Event Cash Settlement Date (as applicable) has 
occurred on or prior to the date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement 
occurs; 
(iv) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred on or prior to the 
date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect to the portion 
of the Reference Entity Notional Amount, if any, with respect to which no Valuation 
Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(v) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit Event 
has previously been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer: 
A. 
unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also 
the subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date;  
B. 
unless, and to the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in any such 
Credit Event Notice was less than the then outstanding Reference Entity 
Notional Amount; or 
C. 
unless the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction is an Auction Covered 
Transaction and the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List are 
identical to the Permissible Deliverable Obligations for such Notional Credit 
Derivative Transaction. 
No Event Determination Date will occur with respect to an event, and any Event Determination Date 
previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred, if, or to the extent 
that, a DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect to the event that, but for such DC No 
Credit Event Announcement, would have constituted a Credit Event, prior to the DC Resolution Reversal 
Cut-off Date.

--- Page 740 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
740 
 
 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes, Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Nth-
to-Default Credit Linked Notes and an Event Determination Date occurs with respect to more than one 
Reference Entity on the same day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the order in which such Event 
Determination Dates occurred acting in good faith and in a reasonable manner. 
"Excess Amount" means any amount paid to the Noteholders but which was not due on the Credit Linked 
Notes, as a result of the occurrence of a DC Credit Event Announcement, Event Determination Date or 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date on or around the date on which the amount in question would 
otherwise have been required to be paid or as a result of any Writedown Amount not having been taken 
into account. 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the related Final 
Terms; 
(b) any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have 
been stripped; and 
(c) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of the 
relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Excluded Obligation" means: 
(a) any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the related Final 
Terms; 
(b) if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity is a Senior Transaction, then for purposes of determining whether a 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity is a Subordinated Transaction, then for purposes of determining 
whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated 
Obligation. 
"Exercise Amount" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Note Condition 9(a)(i). 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means the date that is the later of: 
(a) 65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date; 
(b) 15 Credit Linked Note Business Days following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, if any; 
(c) 15 Credit Linked Note Business Days following the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or

--- Page 741 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
741 
 
 
(d) 15 Credit Linked Note Business Days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, 
or such later date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves.  
"Exhaustion Point" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the value specified as such in 
the Final Terms. 
"Extended Physical Settlement Date" means: 
(a) in the case of a Capped Reference Entity, the 60th Credit Linked Note Business Day following the 
Physical Settlement Date, provided that if, under the terms of a Hedge Transaction, the Original 
Bonds or Original Loans (or Assets which form part of the Asset Package intended to be Delivered 
in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond (the "Original Assets"), or 
any other Deliverable Obligations in lieu thereof), may not be received by the Issuer and/or any of 
its Affiliates on or before the Extended Physical Settlement Date but the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates may, in accordance with the terms of the Hedge Transaction, receive or otherwise obtain 
such Original Bonds or such Original Loans or other Bonds or Loans in lieu thereof or Original 
Assets or any other Deliverable Obligations in lieu thereof on or before the date falling three Credit 
Linked Note Business Days (in a case where Original Bonds may be received or otherwise obtained 
after the Extended Physical Settlement Date) or ten Credit Linked Note Business Days (in a case 
where Original Loans or other Loans or Bonds in lieu thereof or Original Assets or any other 
Deliverable Obligations in lieu thereof may be received or otherwise obtained after the Extended 
Physical Settlement Date) after the Extended Physical Settlement Date, such date may be further 
extended to a date falling up to three Credit Linked Note Business Days or ten Credit Linked Note 
Business Days, respectively, after the original Extended Physical Settlement Date, or to such earlier 
date as the Calculation Agent may determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner; and 
(b) in the case of a Non-Capped Reference Entity, such date as the Calculation Agent may select, 
provided that such date falls no later than the 120th Credit Linked Note Business Day following the 
Physical Settlement Date or, in the absence of such selection, such 120th Credit Linked Note 
Business Day. 
"Extension Date" means the latest of: 
(a) the Credit Observation Period End Date; 
(b) the Grace Period Extension Date if: 
(i) 
"Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as applicable in relation 
to any Reference Entity;

--- Page 742 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
742 
 
 
(ii) 
the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or 
prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date; and  
(iii) 
an Extension Notice is delivered under sub-paragraph (b) of the definition thereof; 
(c) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if: 
(i) 
Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as applicable in relation to any Reference Entity; 
and 
(ii) 
an Extension Notice is delivered under sub-paragraph (c) of the definition thereof. 
"Extension Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer giving notice of the 
following in relation to a Reference Entity: 
(a) without prejudice to sub-paragraphs (b), (c) or (d) below, that a Credit Event has occurred or may 
occur on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date; or 
(b) that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Credit Observation 
Period End Date; or 
(c) that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Credit 
Observation Period End Date; or 
(d) that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or may occur on or prior to the last day 
of the Notice Delivery Period.  
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Reference Entity to 
make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment 
Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time 
of such failure.  
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as 
a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction 
of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time 
of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the 
redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of 
such redenomination. 
"Fallback Redemption Event" means: 
(a) an Auction Cancellation Date occurs;

--- Page 743 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
743 
 
 
(b) a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where the No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition thereof, the 
Issuer has not delivered an Auction Settlement Amount Notice specifying an applicable Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date); 
(c) a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(d) an Event Determination Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Event 
Determination Date", and no Credit Event Request Resolution Date has occurred within three 
Business Days of such Event Determination Date. 
"Fallback Redemption Method" means Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement, as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Final List" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
"Final List Publication Date" means, in respect of a Credit Event, the date on which the last Final List 
in respect of such Credit Event is published by ISDA. 
"Final Price" means: 
(a) the price specified in the Final Terms as being the Final Price with respect to a Reference Entity; or  
(b) the price of the Reference Obligation or, as applicable, any Valuation Obligation, Deliverable 
Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation expressed as a percentage of its Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, as the case may be, the Outstanding Amount of the 
relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the 
Asset Package Credit Event), as applicable, determined in accordance with: 
(i) 
the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or otherwise in accordance 
with the definition of "Quotation") with respect to the Relevant Valuation Date (or, in 
the case of a relevant Asset other than Borrowed Money and other than a Non-
Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, such other market value of the 
relevant Asset as may be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner); or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, 
the relevant Asset Market Value. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Asset Package is or is deemed to be zero, the Final Price shall be zero. 
If the Final Price is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Price shall be the price so specified. 
"Final Price Calculation Date" means an Auction Final Price Determination Date or, as the case may 
be, the date on which the Weighted Average Final Price or (as applicable) the Final Price is determined

--- Page 744 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
744 
 
 
in respect of a particular Credit Event and the relevant Reference Entity or, in the case of Zero Recovery 
Credit Linked Notes, the relevant Event Determination Date. 
"Final Settlement Date" means the 10th Business Day following the latest to occur of the Final Price 
Calculation Dates in respect of the Reference Entities. 
"First Ranking Interest" means an Interest which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", 
or similar ("First Ranking") in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that such Interest 
may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any relevant insolvency jurisdiction of the LPN 
Issuer). 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the 
Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that 
a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more variable 
inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the 
Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the Credit Linked Note 
Dealers, each firm quotation (expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable) obtained from a Credit Linked Note Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the 
extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the Reference Obligation, Deliverable Obligation or, as 
the case may be, Undeliverable Obligations with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, equal to the Quotation Amount. 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case 
of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any 
person being required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of 
both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date or, as applicable, the Relevant Valuation Date. Any 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided 
to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation 
shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Fully 
Transferable Obligation".  
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, 
as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated thereto. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); (ii) any court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body; (iii) any authority or any other entity (private 
or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the 
financial markets (including a central bank) of the Reference Entity or some or of all of its obligations; 
or (iv) any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in (i) to (iii).

--- Page 745 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
745 
 
 
"Governmental Intervention" means: 
(a) that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of action taken 
or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring 
and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to 
the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly 
provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(i) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
A. 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
B. 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
C. 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment 
or accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
D. 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Obligation; 
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(iv) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (a)(i) to (a)(iii) 
above. 
(b) 
For purposes of (a) above, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations 
for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c), the applicable grace period with respect to payments under 
and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such 
Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) if "Grace Period Extension" is applicable in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date and the applicable 
grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date, the

--- Page 746 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
746 
 
 
Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such 
in the Final Terms or, if no period is specified, thirty calendar days; and 
(c) if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to 
payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period Business Days 
is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business 
Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless Grace Period Extension is 
specified as applicable in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, such deemed Grace Period shall 
expire no later than the Credit Observation Period End Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in 
the relevant Obligation or if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the 
euro, a TARGET Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation 
Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if: 
(a) "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in relation to a Reference Entity; and 
(b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date, 
the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. If 
"Grace Period Extension" is not specified as applicable in relation to a Reference Entity, Grace Period 
Extension shall not apply. 
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Hedge Disruption Event" means the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates has not received the relevant 
Deliverable Obligations and/or cash under the terms of a Hedge Transaction. 
"Hedge Transaction" means any transaction or trading position entered into or held by the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, the Issuer's obligations or positions (whether in whole 
or in part) in respect of the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer, the Guarantor, if applicable, and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, or is no longer permitted pursuant to its 
internal policies in relation to dealings with sanctioned entities or territories to (A) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or 
options contract(s) it deems necessary to hedge its exposure with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, or 
(B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or

--- Page 747 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
747 
 
 
asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
"Implicit Portfolio Size" means an amount equal to the aggregate Nominal Amount as at the Issue Date 
divided by the Tranche Size. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the 
Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk 
and interest rate risk) of the Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due 
to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Incurred Loss Amount" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Final Price Calculation Date, 
an amount calculated on such Final Price Calculation Date equal to the lowest of:  
(a) the Loss Amount; 
(b) the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the related Loss Amount for that Reference Entity and Final 
Price Calculation Date) minus the Loss Threshold Amount on such Final Price Calculation Date 
(following any adjustments thereto on such date), subject to a minimum of zero; and 
(c) the aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (prior to any reduction 
thereto in respect of that Reference Entity and Final Price Calculation Date). 
"Incurred Recovery Amount" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Final Price Calculation 
Date, an amount calculated on such Final Price Calculation Date equal to the lowest of:  
(a) the Recovery Amount; 
(b) the Aggregate Recovery Amount (including the related Recovery Amount for that Reference Entity 
and Final Price Calculation Date) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount on such Final Price 
Calculation Date (following any adjustments thereto on such date), subject to a minimum of 
zero; and 
(c) the aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Credit Linekd Notes (prior to any reduction 
thereto in respect of that Reference Entity and Final Price Calculation Date). 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of a Relevant Annex, the index sponsor (if any) specified as such in 
the Final Terms.

--- Page 748 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
748 
 
 
"Interest" means, for the purposes of the definition of "First Ranking Interest", a charge, security interest 
or other type of interest having similar effect. 
"Interest Shortfall Amount" means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note and any Interest Payment 
Date or the Final Settlement Date, an amount equal to the aggregate of the shortfalls in the interest paid 
in respect of such Credit Linked Note on any previous Interest Payment Date as a result of a Deemed 
Interest Reduction as against the interest which would have been payable in respect of such Credit Linked 
Note on such Interest Payment Date on the basis of the actual Writedown Amount (if any) determined 
on the related Final Price Calculation Date or, as the case may be, on the basis of a determination by the 
Calculation Agent that no Event Determination Date has subsequently occurred or could subsequently 
occur in respect of the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Interest Shortfall Payment Date" means, in respect of an Interest Shortfall Amount, the first Interest 
Payment Date to occur after the second Business Day following the related Final Price Calculation Date 
or the related date of determination by the Calculation Agent that no Event Determination Date has 
subsequently occurred or could subsequently occur in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, or, if there 
is no such Interest Payment Date, the Final Settlement Date. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor thereto). 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of principal has been or 
will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest Asset Package will 
be the package of Assets with the highest immediately realizable value, determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
"Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and a Credit 
Event that is a Restructuring, the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date. 
"Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date" means, in respect of a Potential Cash Settlement Event 
in respect of a Deliverable Obligation comprised of Loans where "Partial Credi Event Cash Settlement 
of Consent Required Loans", "Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement of Assignable Loans" or "Partial 
Credit Event Cash Settlement of Participations" is specified as applicable in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity, the date that is 15 Credit Linked Note Business Days after the Physical Settlement 
Date, or, in respect of any other Potential Cash Settlement Event, 30 calendar days following the Physical 
Settlement Date. 
"Legacy Reference Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Note Condition 7(c)(ii) 
above.

--- Page 749 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
749 
 
 
"Limitation Date" means, in respect of a Credit Event that is a Restructuring, the first of March 20, June 
20, September 20 or December 20 in any year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one 
of the following numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation 
Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the "10-year Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years, 
as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange and, 
if specified as applicable to an Obligation Category, the Listed Obligation Characteristic shall be 
applicable only in respect of obligations within that Obligation Category that are Bonds or, if specified 
as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Listed Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall 
be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation Category that are Bonds. 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that is 
documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and 
shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"Loss Amount" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Linked Notes, a Reference Entity and a Final Price 
Calculation Date, an amount calculated on that Final Price Calculation Date equal to: 
(a) 100 per cent. minus unless the Credit Linked Notes are Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes, either 
(i) the Auction Final Price or (ii) if Cash Settlement applies, the Weighted Average Final Price 
(or, if so specified in the Final Terms, the Final Price or such other price specified therein) for 
that Reference Entity as of such Final Price Calculation Date; multiplied by 
(b) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for that Reference Entity, as at the relevant Event 
Determination Date,  
subject to a minimum of zero. 
"Loss Threshold Amount" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to the 
Implicit Portfolio Size multiplied by the Attachment Point. 
"LPN" means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note. 
"LPN Issuer" means the entity which issued the relevant LPN. 
"LPN Reference Obligation" means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional Obligation 
which is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds to the LPN Issuer to finance an Underlying Loan.

--- Page 750 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
750 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in accordance with 
its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation from constituting a Reference Obligation. 
"M" means in relation to Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes where "Multiple Default Triggers" is 
applicable, such number as may be specified in the Final Terms.  
"Max" means, whenever followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the greater of the 
amounts separated by a comma inside those brackets. 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than: 
(a) the period specified in relation to a Reference Entity; or 
(b) if no such period is so specified, 30 years. 
"Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but 
excluding) the Credit Observation Period End Date, the Issuer  
(a) becomes aware that a Reference Entity has consolidated or amalgamated with, or merged into, or 
transferred all or substantially all of its assets to, a Holder ("Reference Entity/Holder 
Merger"), or  
(b) itself (or, where the Issuer is not Mediobanca, Mediobanca) consolidates or amalgamates with, or 
merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to a Reference Entity (“Reference 
Entity/Issuer Merger”). 
"Merger Event Redemption Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Min" means, whenever followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser of the 
amounts separated by a comma inside those brackets. 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means, unless where specified in the Final Terms, the lower of: 
(a) U.S.$ 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency); and 
(b) the Quotation Amount. 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" or 
"Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity. 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and other 
financial assets.

--- Page 751 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
751 
 
 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation Period End Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Credit Observation Period End Date is later than the 10-year Limitation 
Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Credit Observation Period End 
Date. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following the 
Exercise Cut-off Date (or, if later, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves) or such earlier date as the Issuer may designate by notice to the Calculation Agent 
and the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that: 
(a) at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three 
holders that are not Affiliates of each other; and 
(b) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation 
as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six and two-thirds is required to 
consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event, 
provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in (b) above. 
"N" or "Nth" means, in relation to "Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes", such number as may be 
specified in the Final Terms.  
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on the London Business Day 
immediately following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPs 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective or, as applicable, the date of selection of Valuation 
Obligations. 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to any Reference Entity and a Credit Event, the 
date on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published with respect to credit derivative transactions in the over-the-counter 
market and the relevant Credit Event and Reference Entity; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms 
will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or 
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will be 
held with respect to such Reference Entity and Credit Event following a prior public 
announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where either:

--- Page 752 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
752 
 
 
(i) 
no Parallel Auction will be held; or  
(ii) 
one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
"Non-Capped Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity which is not a Capped Reference Entity. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation" on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the 
Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or 
incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable). 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation or if a 
Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable 
for being traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"NOPS Amendment Notice" means a notice delivered by the Calculation Agent on behalf of the Issuer 
(with a copy to the Issuer), to the Noteholders notifying that the Calculation Agent is replacing, in whole 
or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation has not been 
Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment Notice is effective). 
"NOPS Effective Date" means the date on which a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as the case may be, is delivered by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (on its behalf). 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to such 
bearer instrument are cleared via Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other internationally 
recognised clearing system and, if specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Not 
Bearer Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within that 
Deliverable Obligation Category that are Bonds. 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the applicable 
Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a Domestic 
Currency.

--- Page 753 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
753 
 
 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or reissued, as 
the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference 
Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been taken for such 
purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the Reference Entity (regardless of whether 
such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the Reference Entity) 
shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale 
primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity. 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a Domestic 
Law. 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign or (B) any 
entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns 
including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club 
debt". 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (I) the Reference Obligation or (II) 
the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable. 
"Notice Delivery Date" means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, unless 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable, an effective Notice of Publicly 
Available Information, have been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the date 
15 Credit Linked Note Business Days (or such other number of days as may be specified in the Final 
Terms) after the Extension Date (or, if the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of 
such date and the Exercise Cut-off Date).  
"Notice of Physical Settlement" means a notice delivered by the Calculation Agent on behalf of the 
Issuer (with a copy to the Issuer), to the Noteholders on or prior to the latest of: 
(a) 
65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date; 
(b) 
subject to sub-paragraph (c) below, 25 Credit Linked Note Business Days after the last to occur 
of the Auction Cancellation Date, the No Auction Announcement Date, the last Parallel Auction 
Cancellation Date and the last Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (in each case if any 
and if applicable); and 
(c) 
in circumstances where the No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-
paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition thereof, the Issuer has not delivered an Auction

--- Page 754 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
754 
 
 
Settlement Amount Notice specifying an applicable Parallel Auction Settlement Terms to the 
Calculation Agent by the Movement Option Cut-off Date, 5 Credit Linked Note Business Days 
following such Movement Option Cut-off Date;  
(d) 
30 calendar days following the Event Determination Date; and 
(e) 
10 calendar days following the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or of the 
relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal,  
(the "NOPS Cut-off Date") that: 
(i) 
confirms that the Issuer intends to redeem the Credit Linked Notes by Physical 
Settlement in accordance with Credit Linked Note Condition 5 (Physical Settlement); 
and 
(ii) 
contains a detailed description of the Deliverable Obligations that the Issuer intends to 
Deliver (or procure Delivery of) to the Noteholders, including the Outstanding Amount 
and the aggregate Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligations. 
The Notice of Physical Settlement shall specify Deliverable Obligations having an Outstanding Amount 
(or the equivalent specified Currency Amount converted at the Currency Rate) on the Redemption 
Valuation Date at least equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount (or, as applicable, Exercise 
Amount), subject to any Physical Settlement Adjustment. 
The Issuer or the Calculation Agent (on its behalf) may, from time to time, deliver to the Noteholders in 
the manner specified above a NOPS Amendment Notice. A NOPS Amendment Notice shall contain a 
revised detailed description of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation and shall also specify the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding Amount of each Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment Notice shall be determined by applying the 
Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. Each such 
NOPS Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior to the Physical Settlement Date (determined 
without reference to any change resulting from such NOPS Amendment Notice).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (on its behalf) may correct any 
errors or inconsistencies in the detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to the Issuer 
(given in the manner specified above) prior to the relevant Delivery Date, and (ii) if Asset Package 
Delivery is applicable, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (on its behalf) shall, prior to the Delivery Date, 
notify the Noteholders of the detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, that it intends to Deliver 
to the Noteholders in lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being 
understood in each case that such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice.

--- Page 755 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
755 
 
 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent 
(which may be by telephone) to the Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the 
occurrence of the Credit Event described in the Credit Event Notice. In relation to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, the Notice of Publicly Available Information must cite Publicly 
Available Information confirming the occurrence of both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
"Repudiation/Moratorium". The notice must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the 
relevant Publicly Available Information. If Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and a Credit Event Notice contains Publicly Available 
Information, such Credit Event Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information. 
"Notional Credit Derivative Transaction" means, with respect to any Credit Linked Note and a 
Reference Entity, a hypothetical market standard credit default swap transaction entered into by the 
Issuer, as Buyer (defined in the Credit Derivatives Definitions), incorporating the terms of the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions and under the terms of which: 
(a) the "Trade Date" is the Trade Date, if specified in the Final Terms and if not, the Issue Date; 
(b) the "Scheduled Termination Date" is the Credit Observation Period End Date; 
(c) the "Reference Entit(y)(ies)" thereunder is (are) such Reference Entit(y)(ies); 
(d) the applicable "Transaction Type", if any, is the Transaction Type for the purposes of such Credit 
Linked Note; and 
(e) the remaining terms as to credit linkage are consistent with the terms of such Credit Linked Note 
as it relates to such Reference Entity. 
"Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Note" means any Credit Linked Notes specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
"Obligation" means: 
(a) any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the Method for Determining Obligations; and 
(b) the Reference Obligation, 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
For purposes of the "Method for Determining Obligations", the term "Obligation" may be defined as 
each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category specified in respect thereof 
and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in respect thereof, in each case, 
immediately prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the DC

--- Page 756 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
756 
 
 
Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as 
applicable. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and 
payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of 
the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or 
Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in relation to a Reference Entity. 
"Obligation Characteristic" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not 
Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance as 
specified in relation to a Reference Entity. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, or 
other similar condition or event (howsoever described), other than a failure to make any required 
payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Original Bonds" means any Bonds comprising part of the relevant Deliverable Obligations. 
"Original Loans" means any Loans comprising part of the relevant Deliverable Obligations. 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in relation to the 
Reference Entity (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an obligation of the Reference 
Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for 
purposes of the Reference Entity (other than for the purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for 
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic) unless (a) otherwise specified in the Final Terms by reference to this definition, or (b) the 
Reference Entity is a Reference Obligation Only Trade. 
"Outstanding Amount" means the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable. 
"Outstanding Bonus Interest Rate" means the rate equal to either:

--- Page 757 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
757 
 
 
(a) 
if "Final Rate" is specified as applicable, the Bonus Interest Rate (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) less the aggregate of all Bonus Interest Writedown Rates determined on or prior to 
the Bonus Interest Determination Date; or 
(b) if "Averaging Rate" is specified as applicable, the Bonus Interest Rate (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) less the arithmetic average of the Bonus Interest Writedown Rates determined for 
each day during the period commencing as the previous Bonus Interest Payment Date (or if none, 
the Issue Date) and concluding on the Bonus Interest Determination Date,  
subject to a minimum of zero. 
"Outstanding Nominal Amount" means, in respect of any Credit Linked Note, such Credit Linked 
Note's pro rata share of the initial Aggregate Nominal Amount less such Credit Linked Note's pro rata 
share of all Reference Entity Notional Amounts of Reference Entities in respect of which an Event 
Determination Date has occurred (excluding where Credit Linked Note Condition 2(h)(b) (Redemption 
at Maturity) applies) (or, in the case of a Tranched Credit Linked Note, such Credit Linked Note's pro 
rata share of the initial Aggregate Nominal Amount less such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of all 
Writedown Amounts determined on or prior to the relevant date of determination) subject, in each case, 
to a minimum of zero and as adjusted by the Calculation Agent to take account of any repurchase or 
cancellation of Credit Linked Notes, the issuance of any further Credit Linked Notes and any redemption 
of Credit Linked Notes pursuant to Credit Linked Note Condition 2(h)(a) (Distribution Period 
Redemption). 
The "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's principal 
payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with Credit Linked Note Condition 
6(h) (Accrued Interest), the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations 
(which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance 
(including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation 
(determined as if references to the Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) 
and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(ii) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a result 
of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in 
paragraph (i) less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (ii), the "Non-
Contingent Amount"); and 
(iii) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance,

--- Page 758 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
758 
 
 
in each case, determined: 
A. 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (I) 
the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but on 
or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (II) the Relevant Valuation Date, as 
applicable; and 
B. 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar 
as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued 
value of the obligation). 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from 
time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website 
from time to time and (b) which fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out in paragraph 
(a) or (b) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", in each case, immediately preceding the date on 
which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective.  
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as defined in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means "Auction Cancellation Date" as defined in any relevant 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date" means the "Auction Final Price Determination 
Date" as defined in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R 
Restructuring, and for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions which would be applicable to the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction and for 
which the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction would not be an Auction Covered Transaction. 
"Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date" means "Notice of Physical Settlement Date" as defined 
in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount" means where the applicable Settlement Method is 
Physical Settlement, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the aggregate, for each 
Undeliverable Obligation, of: 
(a) the Final Price of such Undeliverable Obligations multiplied by; 
(b) the relevant Outstanding Principal Balance, Due and Payable Amount or Currency Amount, as 
applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation specified in the relevant Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable.

--- Page 759 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
759 
 
 
"Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement Date" means the date falling three Credit Linked Note Business 
Days (unless otherwise specified in relation to a Reference Entity) after the calculation of the Final Price. 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the payment 
or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money. 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified in the Final Terms, U.S.$ 1,000,000 or 
its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency), in either case, 
as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included on the 
Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are applicable to that Auction. 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: 
(a) as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of 
the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or 
provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment 
obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity; or 
(v) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, 
released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Reference Entity; or 
(b) which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf 
(such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation. 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption 
by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution 
of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also a 
transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee.

--- Page 760 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
760 
 
 
"Physical Settlement Adjustment" means a reduction to the Outstanding Amount of Deliverable 
Obligations specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, by an amount of 
Deliverable Obligations having a liquidation value equal to the Credit Unwind Costs (only if positive) 
rounded upwards to the nearest whole denomination of a Deliverable Obligation, such amount to be 
determined by the Calculation Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Final Terms specify that Credit 
Unwind Costs are not applicable, the Physical Settlement Adjustment shall be zero. 
"Physical Settlement Adjustment Rounding Amount" means an amount (if any) equal to the 
difference between the absolute value of the Physical Settlement Adjustment and the liquidation value 
of such whole number of Deliverable Obligations as are not required to be Delivered by the Issuer by 
way of compensation for any Credit Unwind Costs. 
"Physical Settlement Date" means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period following the 
NOPS Cut-off Date as specified in relation to a Reference Entity as the Calculation Agent may designate. 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" means the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix Supplement to 
the Credit Derivatives Definitions, as most recently amended or supplemented as at the Trade Date 
(unless otherwise specified in relation to a Reference Entity) and as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto), provided that any reference therein to: 
(a) "Confirmation" shall be deemed to be a reference to the Final Terms; 
(b) "Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the Specified 
Currency; 
(c) "Section 1.32" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Credit Event Notice" as defined in this Annex 
12; 
(d) "Section 1.33" shall be deemed to be a reference to Credit Linked Note Condition 9(a); and 
(e) "Section 8.19" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Physical Settlement Period" as defined in this 
Annex 12. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to Credit Linked Note Condition 2(e), the number of 
Credit Linked Note Business Days specified as such in relation to a Reference Entity or, if a number of 
Credit Linked Note Business Days is not so specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the 
longest number of Credit Linked Note Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current 
market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if 
the Issuer or Calculation Agent (on its behalf) intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall be thirty 
Business Days.

--- Page 761 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
761 
 
 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 15 Business Days thereafter (provided that the 
relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the 
Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date or, as applicable, the Issue Date)). 
"Potential Cash Settlement Event" means an event beyond the control of the Issuer (including, without 
limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system; or the failure to obtain any requisite consent with 
respect to the Delivery of Loans or the non-receipt of any such requisite consents or any relevant 
participation (in the case of Direct Loan Participation) is not effected; or due to any law, regulation or 
court order, but excluding market conditions, or any contractual, statutory and/or regulatory restriction 
relating to the relevant Deliverable Obligation, or due to the failure of the Noteholder to give the Issuer 
details of accounts for settlement; or a failure of the Noteholder to open or procure the opening of such 
accounts or if the Noteholders are unable to accept Delivery of the portfolio of Deliverable Obligations 
for any other reason).  
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any 
payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard 
to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to 
such Obligations. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in sub-paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), any 
obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such Governmental 
Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within the 
definition of Deliverable Obligation set out in paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation", in each case, immediately preceding the date on which such 
Governmental Intervention was legally effective; or 
(b) if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect of 
the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event 
in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), such Reference Obligation, 
if any. 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable to a Reference Entity, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, 
and otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in the related Final Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any,

--- Page 762 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
762 
 
 
if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding or 
other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defense (other than a counterclaim or defense based on 
the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") or right of set- off by or 
of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the related 
Final Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The 
Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, 
Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor 
publications), the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is 
organized and any other internationally recognized published or electronically displayed news sources). 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant 
to the determination that the Credit Event described in a Credit Event Notice has occurred and which: 
(i) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources 
(regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); 
(ii) 
is information received from or published by (A) the Reference Entity (or, if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or 
other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign), or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an 
Obligation; or 
(iii) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however 
described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative, regulatory or judicial body, 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraphs (ii) or (iii) above is not publicly 
available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating 
any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in (ii) or (iii) above, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
and/or any other party receiving such information may assume that such information has been disclosed 
to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information and that the party delivering such information has not taken any action or entered

--- Page 763 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
763 
 
 
into any agreement or understanding with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity 
that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving 
such information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to the "Downstream 
Affiliate" definition, the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the Reference Entity and (ii) that the 
relevant occurrence (A) has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement, (B) is the result of 
exceeding any applicable Grace Period, or (C) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit 
Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to the 
events described in both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a 
statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not covered 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying 
Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any 
legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or any 
legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity 
can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer;  
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to:

--- Page 764 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
764 
 
 
A. 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity; or 
B. 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity 
and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in 
accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the 
occurrence of (I) a non- payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an 
event of the type described in the definition of "Bankruptcy" in respect of the Reference Entity or the 
Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is 
permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(a) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of 
the Underlying Obligation; and 
(b) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed 
Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
"Qualifying Participation Seller" means any participation seller that meets the requirements specified 
in relation to a Reference Entity. If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no Qualifying 
Participation Seller. 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted against 
the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, 
been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of the relevant 
determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount. 
"Quotation" means, in respect of any Reference Obligation, Deliverable Obligation, Valuation 
Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be, each Full Quotation and the Weighted 
Average Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Relevant Valuation 
Date from five or more Credit Linked Note Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or 
more such Full Quotations on the same Credit Linked Note Business Day within three Credit Linked 
Note Business Days of a Relevant Valuation Date, then on the next following Credit Linked Note 
Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Credit Linked Note Business Day thereafter until the tenth

--- Page 765 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
765 
 
 
Credit Linked Note Business Day following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation 
Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Credit Linked Note Dealers and, if two 
or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same Credit 
Linked Note Business Day on or prior to the tenth Credit Linked Note Business Day following the 
applicable Relevant Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained 
from a Credit Linked Note Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Credit Linked Note Business Day, 
or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations for the Reference 
Obligation obtained from Credit Linked Note Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Credit Linked 
Note Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such 
quotations were obtained and a quotation shall be deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation 
Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
"Quotation Amount" means: 
(a) with respect to a Reference Obligation, the amount specified in relation to a Reference Entity (which 
may be specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to the Representative 
Amount) or, if no amount is so specified, the Reference Entity Notional Amount (or, its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent in a 
commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the 
relevant Quotation is being obtained); 
(b) with respect to each type or issue of Deliverable Obligation to be Delivered on or prior to the 
Physical Settlement Date, an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency as 
calculated in the same manner as (a) above) of such Deliverable Obligation; and 
(c) with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency as calculated in the same manner as (a) above) of such Undeliverable 
Obligation. 
"Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Linked Notes, a Reference Entity and a Final 
Price Calculation Date, an amount calculated on that Final Price Calculation Date equal to: 
(a) the lesser of 100 per cent. and either (i) the Auction Final Price or (ii) if Cash Settlement applies, 
the Weighted Average Final Price (or, if so specified in the Final Terms, the Final Price or such 
other price specified therein) for that Reference Entity as of such Final Price Calculation Date 
(or, in the case of Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes, zero); multiplied by 
(b) the Reference Entity Notional Amount for that Reference Entity, as at the relevant Event 
Determination Date,

--- Page 766 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
766 
 
 
subject to a minimum of zero. 
"Recovery Threshold Amount" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal 
to (a) the Implicit Portfolio Size multiplied by (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion Point. 
"Redemption Preliminary Amount" means, in respect of any Tranched Credit Linked Note and any 
relevant date, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to: 
(a) the Outstanding Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Note (for the avoidance of doubt as 
reduced at or prior to such time); minus 
(b) its pro rata share of the Unsettled Retention Amount. 
"Redemption Residual Amount" means, in respect of any Tranched Credit Linked Note and any 
relevant date, its remaining Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (after deduction 
of the aggregate Redemption Preliminary Amounts and for the avoidance of doubt, as otherwise reduced 
at or prior to such time). 
"Reference Entity" or "Reference Entities" means the reference entity or reference entities specified in 
the Final Terms or, where applicable, identified in a Relevant Annex, and any Successor to a Reference 
Entity either: 
(a) identified by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the definition of "Successor" on or following 
the Trade Date or, where applicable, identified by an Index Sponsor; or 
(b) identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date and 
publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date, 
shall, in each case, with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity for the Credit Linked 
Notes, as the terms of which may be modified pursuant to Credit Linked Note Condition 7 (Successors). 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" means in respect of any Reference Entity, the amount in which 
the Issuer has purchased credit protection in respect of such Reference Entity, as set out in the Final 
Terms or if no such amount is specified: 
(a) in the case of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes 
where "Multiple Default Triggers" is not applicable, the initial aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Credit Linked Notes; 
(b) in the case of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes where "Multiple Default Triggers" is applicable, 
an amount equal to (i) the initial aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes, divided 
by (ii) (M+1-N);

--- Page 767 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
767 
 
 
(c) in the case of Basket Credit Linked Notes, if a Reference Entity Weighting is specified or applies 
in respect of such Reference Entity, (i) the product of such Reference Entity Weighting for the 
relevant Reference Entity and the initial aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes, 
divided by (ii) the sum of all Reference Entity Weightings, or, if no Reference Entity Weightings 
are specified for the Reference Entities (i) the initial aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes, divided by (ii) the number of Reference Entities; and 
(d) in the case of Tranched Credit Linked Notes, if a Reference Entity Weighting is specified or applies 
in respect of such Reference Entity, (i) the product of the Implicit Portfolio Size and the 
Reference Entity Weighting for the relevant Reference Entity, divided by (ii) the sum of all 
Reference Entity Weightings or, if no Reference Entity Weightings are specified for the 
Reference Entities, (i) the Implicit Portfolio Size, divided by (ii) the number of Reference 
Entities, 
subject in each case to Credit Linked Note Condition 2 (Redemption), Credit Linked Note Condition 7 
(Successors) and Credit Linked Note Condition 9 (Restructuring Credit Event) and as adjusted by the 
Calculation Agent to take account of any repurchase or cancellation of Credit Linked Notes or the 
issuance of any further Credit Linked Notes. 
"Reference Entity Weighting" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the weighting as specified in 
the Final Terms for such Reference Entity. 
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in relation to a Reference Entity, in 
which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if any; or 
(b) (i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in relation to a Reference Entity (or 
no election is specified in relation to a Reference Entity), (ii) there is no Standard Reference 
Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in relation to a Reference 
Entity, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation 
and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard 
Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be the 
Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or 
"Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no Reference Obligation 
unless and until such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case, the new 
Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference 
Obligation.

--- Page 768 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
768 
 
 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation 
Characteristics (for purposes of determining Obligations) or, as the case may be, no Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics (for purposes of determining Deliverable Obligations) shall be applicable 
where Reference Obligation Only applies. 
"Reference Obligation Only Trade" means a Reference Entity in respect of which (a) "Reference 
Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category and 
(b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable. If the event set out in paragraph (i) of 
the definition of "Substitution Event" occurs with respect to the Reference Obligation in a Reference 
Obligation Only Trade, the Issuer shall redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some only of the 
Credit Linked Notes on a date as specified by notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 16 (Notices) on or after the Substitution Event Date, and at an amount (which may be zero) in 
respect of each Credit Linked Note equal to the fair market value of such Credit Linked Note taking into 
account the relevant Substitution Event, less (where “Hedging Link Provisions” is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms) the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner.  
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation", (i) no Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Trade and (ii) if the events set 
out in paragraphs (ii) or (iii) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect to the Reference 
Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Trade, such Reference Obligation shall continue to be the 
Reference Obligation. 
"Relevant Annex" means an annex setting out the Reference Entities for the purposes of the Credit 
Linked Notes, being the annex specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity.  
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Reference Entity, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Amount specified 
in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if

--- Page 769 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
769 
 
 
there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided 
that: 
(i) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, 
or held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(ii) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
required to be made under the definition of "Successor", make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which 
fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, 
redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of 
the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(iii) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity and "Senior Transaction" is applicable in respect of the Reference 
Entity, the related Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of 
the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(iv) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity, and "Subordinated Transaction" is applicable in respect of the 
Reference Entity, the related Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations 
and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations 
exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it would if the "Senior 
Transaction" were applicable in respect of the Reference Entity. 
"Relevant Valuation Date" means the Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may 
be. 
"Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount" means the Outstanding Amount of each 
Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced. 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation" means each replacement Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer 
intends to, subject to Credit Linked Note Condition 5 (Physical Settlement), Deliver to the Noteholders 
in lieu of each original Deliverable Obligation which has not been Delivered as at the date of such NOPS 
Amendment Notice. 
"Replacement Reference Entity" means any entity selected by the Calculation Agent acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, which is incorporated in the same geographical area, has the same 
Transaction Type as the Legacy Reference Entity and which is of a similar or better credit quality than 
the Legacy Reference Entity, as measured by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services and/or by Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd., at the date of the relevant Succession Date provided that in selecting any

--- Page 770 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
770 
 
 
Replacement Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent is under no obligation to the Noteholders, the 
Issuer or any other person and, provided that the Successor selected meets the criteria specified above, 
is entitled, and indeed will endeavour, to select the least credit-worthy of the Successors. In making any 
selection, the Calculation Agent will not be liable to account to the Noteholders, the Issuer or any other 
person for any profit or other benefit to it or any of its affiliates which may result directly or indirectly 
from any such selection. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market and at the relevant time, such amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement; or 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or 
de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement; and 
(b) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on 
or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date: 
(a) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date 
that is the later of: 
(i) 
the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; and 
(ii) 
the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace 
Period in respect of such payment date); and 
(b) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, 
the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium.  
"Resolve" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be 
interpreted accordingly.

--- Page 771 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
771 
 
 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which 
the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means: 
(a) that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that binds 
all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all holders of such 
Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect 
of Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the 
terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date and the date 
as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by 
way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual 
of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency 
to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of (a) above, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or 
has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such

--- Page 772 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
772 
 
 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion between 
euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there is 
no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
(a)(i) to (v) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax 
adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; 
and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
(a)(i) to (v) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly 
result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Reference Entity, provided that in respect of (a)(v) only, no such deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the 
redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action 
taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which 
is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
(c) For the purposes of (a) and (b) above and Credit Linked Note Condition 9(e), the term "Obligation" 
shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as 
provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to 
the Reference Entity in (a) above shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the 
reference to the Reference Entity in (b) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
(d) If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
(a)(i) to (v) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond 
immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately 
following such exchange. 
"Restructuring Date" means, with respect to a Restructured Bond or Loan, the date on which a 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation Period End Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest 
final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such 
Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan") and the Credit 
Observation Period End Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured 
Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan.

--- Page 773 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
773 
 
 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a 
NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the Replaced 
Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the Outstanding 
Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is determined either: 
(a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time; or 
(b) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published on the websites 
of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org 
(or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance 
with the terms thereof. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which shall 
not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
"Senior Transaction" means a Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or 
Prior Reference Obligation. 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) "Senior Level" or 
"Subordinated Level" as specified in respect of the Reference Entity, or (b) if no such seniority level is 
specified in respect of the Reference Entity, "Senior Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) "Senior Level". 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms, or if no currency is so 
specified in the Final Terms, the Specified Currency. 
"Redemption Method" means the redemption method specified as such in the Final Terms and if no 
Redemption Method is specified in the Final Terms, Auction Redemption. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" means the date being three Credit Linked Note Business Days prior to 
the Delivery Date provided that if a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, is given or, as the case may be, changed at any time after the third Credit Linked Note 
Business Day prior to the Physical Settlement Date, the Redemption Valuation Date shall be the date

--- Page 774 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
774 
 
 
which is three Credit Linked Note Business Days after such Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is given. 
"Similar Reference Entity" means an entity with an equivalent Rating (as defined below) or an 
equivalent credit risk (if no Rating is available to the relevant Reference Entity), and as secondary criteria 
geographic and Transaction Type proximity to such Reference Entity. 
For the purposes of this definition, "Rating" means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned by the three 
rating agencies Moody's Investor Service, Inc., Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of 
Standard & Poor's Credit Market Service Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings or any of them, it being 
understood that if the ratings assigned in respect of an entity are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) 
will be taken into consideration. 
"Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Note" means any Credit Linked Note specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise 
varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular 
tier. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement" means the 2014 Sovereign No Asset Package 
Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA on 15 
September 2014.  
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which is 
a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a 
Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a Deliverable Obligation set out in paragraph (a) of 
the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring 
is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar 
event. 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified as such 
in respect of the Reference Entity (or, if "Specified Currency" is specified in respect of the Reference 
Entity and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a

--- Page 775 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
775 
 
 
Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was previously payable 
in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of 
action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Sources specified in respect of the Reference Entity 
(or, if no such number is specified, two). 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by 
ISDA on its website from time to time.  
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
"Standard Specified Currencies" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor 
currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency 
which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series 
of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more entities. 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
"Subordinated Transaction" means a Reference Entity for which the Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation. 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second Obligation") and another obligation 
of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the "First Obligation"), a 
contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganization or winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are 
required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation, or (II) the holders of 
the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain principal payments in respect of their claims 
against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise 
in default under the First Obligation. "Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For purposes of 
determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to 
another obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by 
operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements 
shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation 
of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the

--- Page 776 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
776 
 
 
Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment 
shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the 
Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation 
or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in 
each case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to 
which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided 
that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation 
if, at the time of the determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such 
obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of the definition of "Substitution Event" 
have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the 
"Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below). If the event set forth in paragraph (ii) of the 
definition of "Substitution Event" has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference 
Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (iii) 
of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation. 
(c) The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider 
of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it 
was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment after 
such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
A. 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date:

--- Page 777 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
777 
 
 
(I) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; 
B. 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed 
Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
(III) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; or 
C. 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non- 
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to 
the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(II) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(III) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available,

--- Page 778 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
778 
 
 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation". 
(d) If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process 
described in paragraph (c), the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential Substitute 
Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery and 
payment obligations of the Credit Linked Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The 
Substitute Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent shall, without further 
action, replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation.  
(e) If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and the 
Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation, then, subject to paragraph (a) and notwithstanding the fact that 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in 
accordance with paragraph (b), the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify the 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC 
Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve a 
Substitute Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the date, as publicly 
announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves 
to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent identifies the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with the definition of 
"Substitute Reference Obligation". 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation:  
(i) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(ii) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced 
by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(iii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of 
itself, constitute a Substitution Event.

--- Page 779 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
779 
 
 
If an event described in paragraphs (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Substitution Event" has occurred on or 
prior to the Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to such 
paragraph (i) or (ii), as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence 
of the relevant Substitution Event. 
"succeed" for the purposes of the provisions relating to the determination of a Successor and the 
definitions of "Successor" and "Sovereign Succession Event", means, with respect to the Reference 
Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or becomes 
liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement 
(including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, 
accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the "Exchange 
Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity 
is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant 
Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For purposes of the provisions relating to 
the determination of a Successor and the definitions of "Successor" and "Sovereign Succession Event", 
"succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to 
some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a 
Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of 
such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant to the definition of 
"Successor" would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or 
(ii) the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which 
would constitute a Successor. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date 
otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Calculation 
Agent determines a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign 
Succession Event) has occurred and (ii) the Successor Resolution Request Date, in circumstances where 
(A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination and (C) the Calculation 
Agent determines, not more than fifteen Credit Linked Note Business Days after the day on which the 
DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to make a Successor determination, a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that 
is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) has occurred. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Successor" means, subject to Credit Linked Note Condition 7(a)(ii), the entity or entities, if any, 
determined as follows:

--- Page 780 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
780 
 
 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (vii) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent or more of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor in respect of the relevant Reference 
Entity; 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more 
than twenty-five per cent (but less than seventy-five per cent) of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty-
five per cent of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not 
more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with 
the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant 
Obligations will each be a Successor; 
(iv) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more 
than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the 
Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor; 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a 
portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than 
twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference 
Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the Reference Entity will not be changed 
in any way as a result of such succession; 
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a 
portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than 
twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference 
Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant 
Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal 
percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor); and 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the 
obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and at the time 
of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (B) the Reference 
Entity is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has 
not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective

--- Page 781 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
781 
 
 
date of the assumption, such entity (the "Universal Successor") will be the sole Successor for 
the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to 
the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
"Surviving Reference Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Note Condition 
7(c)(ii) above. 
"TARGET Day" means any day on which T2 (the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer system) is open. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Tranche Size" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Exhaustion Point minus the 
Attachment Point. 
"Tranched Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes where the Issuer purchases credit 
protection from the Noteholders in respect of a tranched basket of Reference Entities (other than on an 
Nth-to-default basis), as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means, in respect of any Reference Entity and a related 
Credit Event, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA in respect of such 
Credit Event and in respect of which the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction would be an Auction 
Covered Transaction. 
"Transaction Type" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, each "Transaction Type" 
specified as such in the Physical Settlement Matrix from time to time. 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be considered contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 
144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and 
any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction 
having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation);  
(b) restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on 
insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods.

--- Page 782 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
782 
 
 
"Undeliverable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which, on the Maturity Date for such Deliverable 
Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines for any reason (including without limitation, failure by the 
Noteholder to deliver a Physical Delivery Confirmation Notice, failure of the relevant clearance system 
or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite consents 
with respect to the Delivery of Loans) it is impossible or illegal to Deliver on the Maturity Date, as a 
result of an event described in Credit Linked Note Condtion 5(b). 
"Underlying Finance Instrument" means where the LPN Issuer provides finance to the Reference 
Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument. 
"Underlying Loan" means where the LPN Issuer provides a loan to the Reference Entity. 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee. 
"Underlying Obligor" means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, 
the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
"Unsettled Credit Event" means any Event Determination Date in respect of a Reference Entity for 
which the related Final Price Calculation Date has not occurred.  
"Unsettled Retention Amount" means, in respect of Tranched Credit Linked Notes in respect of which 
one or more Unsettled Credit Events has occurred, the sum of the maximum aggregate Incurred Loss 
Amounts and maximum aggregate Incurred Recovery Amounts which could be determined (assuming 
an Auction Final Price, Weighted Average Final Price or Final Price of zero in respect of each Unsettled 
Credit Event).  
"Unwind Value of the Reference CDS" means an amount, determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that the Calculation Agent would have to pay to 
a counterparty (a positive amount) or receive from a counterparty (a negative amount) to terminate a 
credit default swap having market standard terms for such Reference Entity, and having a notional 
amount equal to the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
"Valuation Date" means: 
(a) any Credit Linked Note Business Day falling between the 55th and the 122nd Credit Linked Note 
Business Day following the Event Determination Date (or, if the Event Determination Date occurs 
pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) above of the definition of "Event Determination Date", the day on 
which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs, if later), or, following any Auction Cancellation 
Date or No Auction Announcement Date, such later Credit Linked Note Business Day, (in each 
case, as selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner); or

--- Page 783 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
783 
 
 
(b) if "Cash Settlement" is applicable as a Fallback Settlement Method, any Credit Linked Note 
Business Day falling between the 55th and the 122nd Credit Linked Note Business Day following 
the Event Determination Date, or, following any Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction 
Announcement Date, such later Credit Linked Note Business Day, (in each case, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); or 
(c) if Partial Credit Event Cash Settlement applies, the date which is up to fifteen Credit Linked Note 
Business Days after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date or, as applicable the Extended 
Physical Settlement Date (as selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner). 
"Valuation Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Credit Linked Note Conditions, one or more obligations of such Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) which is capable of being specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable) if Physical Settlement were the 
applicable Redemption Method and/or any Asset in the related Asset Package in respect of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, in each case, as selected by the Issuer in its sole 
and absolute discretion on or prior to the applicable Valuation Date, provided that, for such purpose: 
(a) any reference to "Delivery Date" or "NOPS Effective Date" in the definitions of "Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation", "Deliverable Obligation", within any of the terms comprising 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" or "Deliverable Obligation Characteristic" and "Due and 
Payable Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the words "Relevant Valuation Date"; and 
(b) in respect of any Asset in the related Asset Package in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond, any reference to "Outstanding Principal Balance", "Due and Payable 
Amount" or "Outstanding Amount" in the definitions of "Final Price", "Full Quotation", 
"Quotation", "Quotation Amount" and "Weighted Average Quotation" shall be deemed to be a 
reference to the words "Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the use of Deliverable Obligation terms in the definition of "Valuation 
Obligation" is for convenience only and is not intended to amend the selected redemption method. 
"Valuation Obligations Portfolio" means one or more Valuation Obligations of a Reference Entity 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, each in an Outstanding Amount (or, as the case may 
be, an Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event) selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (and references to "Quotation Amount" shall be construed 
accordingly), provided that the aggregate of such Outstanding Amounts (or in each case the equivalent 
in the Specified Currency thereof (converted at the foreign exchange rate prevailing on any date from 
(and including) the Event Determination Date to (and including) the Valuation Date, as selected by the

--- Page 784 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
784 
 
 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner)), shall not exceed the 
relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified in relation to a Reference Entity or, if no such time is 
specified, 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the relevant Valuation Obligation or 
Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors 
or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Final Price" means the weighted average of the Final Prices determined for each 
selected Valuation Obligation in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio, weighted by the outstanind amount 
of each such Valuation Obligation (or its equivalent in the Settlement Currency converted by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to 
exchange rates in effect at the time of such determination).  
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the Credit 
Linked Note Dealers, the weighted average of firm quotations obtained from the Credit Linked Note 
Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Reference 
Obligation, Deliverable Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be, with an Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable (or its equivalent in the relevant currency 
converted by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by 
reference to exchange rates in effect at the time of such determination), of as large a size as available but 
less than the Quotation Amount (in the case of Deliverable Obligations only, but of a size at least equal 
to the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in the aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation 
Amount. 
"Writedown Amount" means, in respect of an Event Determination Date relating to a Reference Entity, 
the aggregate of the Incurred Loss Amounts (if any) and, if “Incurred Recoveries” is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, Incurred Recovery Amounts (if any) for the related Final Price Calculation 
Date and any related Aggregate Unwind Costs. 
12. 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions 
The following are the "NTCE Provisions", which shall (i) not apply in respect of a Reference Entity if 
such Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) apply in respect of a Reference Entity if such Reference 
Entity is not a Sovereign, in each case unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms (and reference in 
any applicable Transaction Type to "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (July 2019)" shall for clarification, be to these provisions). 
(a) 
Outstanding Principal Balance

--- Page 785 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
785 
 
 
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Credit Linked Note Condition 11 shall be 
deleted and replaced with the following: 
"The "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with Credit 
Linked Note Condition 6(h) (Accrued Interest), the Reference Entity's accrued but 
unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the 
lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid 
interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references 
to the Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the 
amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(ii) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms 
of the obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted 
Contingency) (the amount determined in paragraph (i) less any amounts subtracted in 
accordance with this paragraph (ii), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(iii) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (I) 
the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but on 
or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (II) the Relevant Valuation Date; and 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar 
as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued 
value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph (B) above, "applicable laws" shall include any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may 
become, subject. 
Unless "Fallback Discounting" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms with 
respect to the relevant Reference Entity, then notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted under paragraph (B) above, (ii) 
that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less than ninety-five per cent. of the 
principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than ninety-five per 
cent. of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions 
relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption 
or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan

--- Page 786 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
786 
 
 
as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the 
lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight line 
interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and 
the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced 
under a Loan is less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal redemption amount or principal 
repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price 
or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be 
deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original 
obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the "Original Obligation(s)") at the 
time of such exchange (determined without regard to market or trading value of the 
Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously 
issued by the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same 
issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for 
the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting 
obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant 
Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of 
subordination and other terms of the obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be 
made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or, if none, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in such manner and by reference to such source(s) as it determines 
appropriate.". 
(b) 
Failure to Pay 
The definition of "Failure to Pay" in Credit Linked Note Condition 11 shall be deleted and 
replaced with the following: 
""Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure 
by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the 
terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application 
in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not 
to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate 
or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination.

--- Page 787 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
787 
 
 
Unless "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as not applicable in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, it 
shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly either result 
from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference 
Entity, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. In making such determination, the Calculation Agent may take into account 
the guidance note set out in paragraph 3 (Interpretive Guidance) of the ISDA 2019 Narrowly 
Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (published 
on 15 July 2019).".

--- Page 788 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
788 
 
 
ANNEX A TO THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
AUCTION REDEMPTION 
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the Rules and the Form of 
Auction Settlement Terms (as defined below or in Annex B to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes). All times of day in this summary refer to such times in London. 
Publication of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may determine that a Credit Event has occurred in respect of a 
Reference Entity (such entity, an "Affected Reference Entity") and that one or more auctions will be held in 
order to settle affected transactions referencing such Affected Reference Entity based upon a specified Auction 
Final Price determined in accordance with an auction procedure (each, an "Auction"). If an Auction is to be held, 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will publish Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in 
respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, based upon the Form of Auction Settlement Terms first 
published as Annex B to the 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and Auction Settlement 
Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") on 12 March 2009 (the "Form of Auction Settlement Terms"). 
Noteholders should note that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees have the power to amend the 
form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction and that this summary may therefore 
not be accurate in all cases. The following does not purport to be a complete summary and prospective investors 
must refer to the Form of Auction Settlement Terms for detailed information regarding the auction methodology 
set forth therein (the "Auction Methodology"). The Auction and the Auction Methodology apply to credit default 
swaps on the Reference Entity and do not apply specifically to the Credit Linked Notes. A copy of the Form of 
Auction Settlement Terms may be inspected at the offices of the Issuer and is also currently available at 
www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto). The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will 
additionally make several related determinations, including the date on which the Auction will be held (the 
"Auction Date"), the institutions that will act as participating bidders in the Auction (the "Participating 
Bidders") and the supplemental terms that are detailed in Schedule 1 to the Form of Auction Settlement Terms. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may also amend the Form of Auction Settlement Terms for a 
particular auction and may determine that a public comment period is necessary in order to effect such an 
amendment if such amendment is not contemplated by the Rules. 
Auction Methodology 
Determining the Auction Currency Rate 
On the Auction Currency Fixing Date, the Administrators will determine the rate of conversion (each, an "Auction 
Currency Rate") as between the Relevant Currency and the currency of denomination of each Deliverable 
Obligation (each, a "Relevant Pairing") by reference to a Currency Rate Source or, if such Currency Rate Source 
is unavailable, by seeking mid-market rates of conversion from Participating Bidders (determined by each such

--- Page 789 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
789 
 
 
Participating Bidder in a commercially reasonable manner) for each such Relevant Pairing. If rates of conversion 
are sought from Participating Bidders and more than three such rates are obtained by the Administrators, the 
Auction Currency Rate will be the arithmetic mean of such rates, without regard to the rates having the highest 
and lowest values. If exactly three rates are obtained, the Auction Currency Rate will be the rate remaining after 
disregarding the rates having the highest and lowest values. For this purpose, if more than one rate has the same 
highest or lowest value, then one of such rates shall be disregarded. If fewer than three rates are obtained, it will 
be deemed that the Auction Currency Rate cannot be determined for such Relevant Pairing. 
Initial Bidding Period 
During the Initial Bidding Period, Participating Bidders will submit to the Administrators: (a) Initial Market Bids; 
(b) Initial Market Offers; (c) Dealer Physical Settlement Requests; and (d) Customer Physical Settlement Requests 
(to the extent received from customers). 
Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers are firm quotations, expressed as percentages, to enter into credit 
derivative transactions in respect of the Affected Reference Entity on terms equivalent to the Representative 
Auction-Settled Transaction. 
The Initial Market Bid and Initial Market Offer submitted by each Participating Bidder must differ by no more 
than the designated Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread and must be an integral multiple of the Relevant 
Pricing Increment (each as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity). The Initial 
Market Bid must be less than the Initial Market Offer. 
Dealer Physical Settlement Requests and Customer Physical Settlement Requests are firm commitments, 
submitted by a Participating Bidder, on its own behalf or on behalf of a customer, as applicable, to enter into a 
Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, in each case, as seller (in which case, such commitment will be a 
"Physical Settlement Buy Request") or as buyer (in which case, such commitment will be a "Physical Settlement 
Sell Request"). Each Dealer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the best of such Participating Bidder's 
knowledge and belief, in the same direction as, and not in excess of, its Market Position. Each Customer Physical 
Settlement Request must be, to the best of the relevant customer's knowledge and belief (aggregated with all 
Customer Physical Settlement Requests submitted by such customer), in the same direction as, and not in excess 
of, its Market Position. 
If the Administrators do not receive valid Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers from at least a minimum 
number of Participating Bidders (as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and 
specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity), 
the timeline will be adjusted and the Initial Bidding Period extended, with the Auction recommencing at such 
time(s) specified by the Administrators, otherwise it will proceed as follows. 
Determination of Open Interest, Initial Market Midpoint and Adjustment Amounts

--- Page 790 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
790 
 
 
The Administrators will calculate the Open Interest, the Initial Market Midpoint and any Adjustment Amounts in 
respect of the Auction. 
The Open Interest is the difference between all Physical Settlement Sell Requests and all Physical Settlement Buy 
Requests. 
To determine the Initial Market Midpoint, the Administrators will: (a) sort the Initial Market Bids in descending 
order and the Initial Market Offers in ascending order, identifying non-tradeable markets for which bids are lower 
than offers; (b) sort non-tradeable markets in terms of tightness of spread between Initial Market Bid and Initial 
Market Offer; and (c) identify that half of the non-tradeable markets with the tightest spreads. The Initial Market 
Midpoint is determined as the arithmetic mean of the Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers contained in 
the half of non-tradeable markets with the tightest spreads. 
Any Participating Bidder whose Initial Market Bid or Initial Market Offer forms part of a tradeable market will 
be required to make a payment to ISDA on the third Business Day after the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date (an "Adjustment Amount"), calculated in accordance with the Auction Methodology. Any payments of 
Adjustment Amounts shall be used by ISDA to defray any costs related to any auction that ISDA has coordinated, 
or that ISDA will in the future coordinate, for purposes of settlement of credit derivative transactions. 
If for any reason no single Initial Market Midpoint can be determined, the procedure set out above may be 
repeated. 
At or prior to the Initial Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the Initial Bidding Period 
has successfully concluded, the Administrators publish the Open Interest, the Initial Market Midpoint and the 
details of any Adjustment Amounts in respect of the Auction. 
If the Open Interest is zero, the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint. 
Submission of Limit Order Submissions 
In the event that the Open Interest does not equal zero, a subsequent bidding period will be commenced during 
the Initial Bidding Period which: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, Participating 
Bidders submit Limit Bids; or (b) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, Limit Offers, 
in each case, on behalf of customers and for their own account. 
Matching bids and offers 
If the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will match the Open Interest 
against all Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as further described in the Auction Methodology. If the Open 
Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will match the Open Interest against all 
Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids, as further described in the Auction Methodology. 
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Filled

--- Page 791 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
791 
 
 
The Auction Final Price will be the price associated with the matched Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids or Initial 
Market Offers and Limit Offers, as applicable, that is the highest offer or the lowest bid, as applicable, provided 
that: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell and the price associated with the lowest matched bid exceeds the 
Initial Market Midpoint by more than the "Cap Amount" (being the percentage that is equal to one half of the 
Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread (rounded to the nearest Relevant Pricing Increment)), then the Auction 
Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint plus the Cap Amount; and (b) if the Open Interest is a bid to 
purchase and the Initial Market Midpoint exceeds the price associated with the highest offer by more than the Cap 
Amount, then the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint minus the Cap Amount. 
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Not Filled 
If, once all the Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids or Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as applicable, have 
been matched to the Open Interest, part of the Open Interest remains, the Auction Final Price will be: (a) if the 
Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the greater of (i) zero, and (ii) the highest Limit Offer 
or Initial Market Offer received; or (b) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, zero. 
100 per cent. Cap to Auction Final Price 
In all cases, if the Auction Final Price determined pursuant to the Auction Methodology is greater than 100 per 
cent., then the Auction Final Price will be deemed to be 100 per cent. 
Publication of Auction Final Price 
At or prior to the Subsequent Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the subsequent bidding 
period has successfully concluded, the Administrators will publish on their websites: (a) the Auction Final Price; 
(b) the names of the Participating Bidders who submitted bids, offers, valid Dealer Physical Settlement Requests 
and valid Customer Physical Settlement Requests, together with the details of all such bids and offers submitted 
by each; and (c) the details and size of all matched trades. 
Restructuring 
Following certain Restructuring credit events, more than one auction may be held and there may be more than 
one Auction Final Price and credit default swaps are grouped into buckets by maturity and depending on which 
party triggers the credit default swap. Deliverable obligations will be identified for each bucket (any deliverable 
obligations included in a shorter bucket will also be deliverable for all longer buckets). If the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee determines to hold an auction for a particular bucket, then that auction will be held 
according to the existing auction methodology that has previously been used for Bankruptcy and Failure to Pay 
credit events as described in the summary below, except that the deliverable obligations will be limited to those 
falling within the relevant maturity bucket. 
Execution of Trades Formed in the Auction

--- Page 792 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
792 
 
 
Each Participating Bidder whose Limit Bid or Initial Market Bid (or Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer if 
applicable) is matched against the Open Interest, and each Participating Bidder that submitted a Customer Physical 
Settlement Request or Dealer Physical Settlement Request, is deemed to have entered into a Representative 
Auction-Settled Transaction, and each customer that submitted such a Limit Bid, Limit Offer, or Physical 
Settlement Request is deemed to have entered into a Representative Auction-Settled Transaction with the dealer 
through whom the customer submitted such bid or offer. Accordingly, each such Participating Bidder or customer 
that is a seller of Deliverable Obligations pursuant to a trade formed in the auction must deliver to the buyer to 
whom such Participating Bidder or customer has been matched a Notice of Physical Settlement indicating the 
Deliverable Obligations that it will deliver, and such Deliverable Obligations will be sold to the buyer in exchange 
for payment of the Auction Final Price. 
Timing of Auction Settlement Provisions 
If an Auction is held in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, it is expected that the relevant Auction Date will 
occur on the third Business Day immediately prior to the 30th calendar day after which the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee received the request from an eligible market participant (endorsed by a 
member of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee) to resolve whether a Credit Event has 
occurred with respect to such Reference Entity. 
In respect of an Affected Reference Entity for which an Auction is held, the Auction Settlement Date will occur 
on a Business Day following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, as determined by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the 
relevant Affected Reference Entity.

--- Page 793 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
793 
 
 
ANNEX B TO THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
CREDIT DERIVATIVES DETERMINATIONS COMMITTEES 
In making certain determinations with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent may but is not 
bound to follow or act in accordance with any determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees. This Annex sets forth a summary of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as 
published by ISDA and made available on the website of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor website thereto) as of 28 September 2018 (the 
"Rules") and is subject to the rules as published by ISDA from time to time and as amended from time to time. 
This summary is not intended to be exhaustive and prospective investors should also read the Rules and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decisions. A copy of the Rules published by ISDA is available 
at: https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor website thereto). 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the Final Terms or the 
Rules, as applicable.  
Establishment of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
In accordance with the Rules, a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has been formed for each of the 
regions of (a) the Americas, (b) Asia Ex-Japan, (c) Australia-New Zealand, (d) Europe, Middle East and Africa 
and (e) Japan. As of the date hereof, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting member on each 
of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. See "Risk Factors – Risk Associated with Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees" for additional information regarding conflicts of interest. The Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees will act in accordance with the Rules and will make determinations that 
are relevant for Credit Derivative Transactions that incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions, as amended from time to time (the "2014 Definitions").ISDA will serve as the 
secretary of each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and will perform administrative duties and make 
certain determinations as provided for under the Rules. 
Decision-making Process of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Each DC Resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will apply to Credit Derivative 
Transactions that incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions 
(depending on the applicable "Coverage Election" and subsequent determinations of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee) and for which the relevant provisions are not materially inconsistent with the 
provisions with respect to which the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee bases its determination. As a 
result, determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are not applicable to the Noteholders, 
unless specified otherwise in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. The Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees shall have no ability to amend the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Furthermore, the institutions on 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees owe no duty to the Noteholders. See "Risk Factors - Risks 
Associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" for further information. The terms of the Credit

--- Page 794 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
794 
 
 
Linked Notes provide that the Noteholders will be subject to certain determinations by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to make 
determinations without action or knowledge by the Noteholders. 
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened upon referral of (i) a question to ISDA by an 
identified eligible market participant and the agreement of at least one of the voting members of the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question, or (ii) a question to ISDA by an 
unidentified eligible market participant and the agreement of at least two of the voting members of the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question, or (iii) a question to ISDA by an eligible 
market participant which is an Eligible CCP (being an eligible clearing entity) and such question is not designated 
as a "General Interest Question" and relates to an eligible cleared Reference Entity with respect to such Eligible 
CCP and to certain specified matters such as a Credit Event, Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and/or Successor. 
ISDA will convene the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee for the region to which the referred question 
relates, as determined in accordance with the Rules. Any party to a transaction that incorporates, or is deemed to 
incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions may refer a question to ISDA for a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to consider. Therefore, a binding determination may be made with respect 
to the Credit Linked Notes without any action by the Noteholders. Noteholders (in their capacity as holders of the 
Credit Linked Notes) will not be able to refer questions to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees.  
Once a question is referred to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, a DC Resolution may result 
quickly, as a binding vote usually must occur within two business days of the first meeting held with respect to 
such question unless the timeframe is extended by agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating 
in a vote held in accordance with the Rules. In addition, voting members of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are required to participate in each binding vote, subject only to limited abstention rights. Notices of 
questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, meetings held to deliberate such 
questions, meeting statements and the results of binding votes will be published on the ISDA website and neither 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their respective Affiliates shall be obliged to inform the Noteholders 
of such information (other than as expressly provided in the Final Terms). Noteholders shall therefore be 
responsible for obtaining such information. See "Risk Factors – Risks Associated with Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees". 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees have the ability to make determinations that may materially 
affect the Noteholders. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to make a broad range of 
determinations in accordance with the Rules that may be relevant to the Credit Linked Notes and materially affect 
the Noteholders. For each of the general types of questions discussed below, the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees may determine component questions that arise under the 2014 Definitions or the 
Updated 2003 Definitions, or the Rules and that are related to the initial question referred. Since the terms 
governing the credit-linked elements of the Credit Linked Notes are substantially similar to the 2014 Definitions 
or, as the case may be, the Updated 2003 Definitions, such determinations may affect the Noteholders, as further 
described below. 
Credit Events

--- Page 795 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
795 
 
 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred 
and, if applicable, the date of such Credit Event. Related questions that are also within the scope of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees are whether a Potential Failure to Pay or a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will also 
determine, where necessary, whether the required Publicly Available Information has been provided. Each of 
these determinations, other than whether the required Publicly Available Information has been provided, requires 
the agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the 
Rules in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review process, as described further below. The 
determination of whether the required Publicly Available Information has been provided requires the agreement 
of at least a majority of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules and 
is not eligible for external review. Each of these determinations may affect whether an Event Determination Date 
will occur under the Credit Linked Notes. If the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a 
Credit Event has occurred with respect to one of the Reference Entity(ies) on or after the Credit Event Backstop 
Date, then an Event Determination Date is deemed to have occurred in respect of the Credit Linked Notes.  
Successors 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether there are any Successor or 
Successors to a Reference Entity and the relevant Succession Date. In addition, the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees will also determine the identity of the Successor(s) in accordance with the Rules. For 
a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will determine the 
Relevant Obligation(s) of the Reference Entity (including any adjustments required to be made if there is a Steps 
Plan), the proportion of the Relevant Obligation(s) to which each purported Successor succeeds and the 
Succession Date. For a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
will determine the Relevant Obligation(s) of the Reference Entity (including any adjustments to be made if there 
is a Steps Plan), whether a Sovereign Succession Event has occurred, if so the proportion of the Relevant 
Obligation(s) to which each purported Successor succeeds, and the Succession Date. Each of these determinations 
requires the agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance 
with the Rules in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review process, as described further 
below, except for the actual identification of the Successor(s) for a Reference Entity (which only requires a 
majority and is not eligible for external review). The Calculation Agent may use the relevant DC Resolutions of 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees in order to determine Successor(s) to the Reference Entity(ies). 
Other Questions 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether circumstances have 
occurred that require a Substitute Reference Obligation to be identified and, if so, the appropriate Substitute 
Reference Obligation. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may also make determinations in 
relation to (i) Standard Reference Obligations and if applicable replacement Standard Reference Obligations in 
accordance with the Standard Reference Obligation Rules and (ii) whether or not Asset Package Delivery is 
applicable pursuant to the 2014 Definitions and if so, any Asset Package relating to a Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond, as applicable. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will

--- Page 796 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
796 
 
 
be able to determine whether an entity that acts as seller of protection under one or more transactions (such entity, 
the "Relevant Seller") or a Reference Entity has consolidated or amalgamated with, or merged into, or transferred 
all or substantially all its assets to, the Reference Entity or the Relevant Seller, as applicable, or that the Relevant 
Seller and the Affected Reference Entity have become Affiliates. Each of these determinations requires the 
agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules 
in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review process, as described further below. The 
Calculation Agent may follow such DC Resolutions in making the equivalent determinations with respect to the 
Credit Linked Notes. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine other referred questions that are 
relevant to the credit derivatives market as a whole and are not merely a matter of bilateral dispute. Such questions 
require the agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance 
with the Rules for each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee implicated by the relevant question, as 
determined in accordance with the Rules, in order to avoid the possible referral of the question to the external 
review process, as described further below. Furthermore, the question relating to such DC Resolution may also 
be referred to the external review process if at least a majority of the voting members participating in a binding 
vote held in accordance with the Rules agree. Any guidance given by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees with respect to questions of interpretation of the 2014 Definitions or, as the case may be, the Updated 
2003 Definitions are likely to influence the Calculation Agent in interpreting equivalent provisions under the 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Any such question can be submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees by an unidentified 
eligible market participant for deliberation. The relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee(s) will 
deliberate such question upon the agreement of at least two of the voting members of the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question. Once the deliberations on such question have 
commenced, the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will proceed in accordance with the 
procedures described above with respect to the relevant question category, except that the identity of the eligible 
market participant who submitted the question will not be revealed to the members of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees or the general public. 
External Review 
As described immediately above, certain questions deliberated by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are subject to an external review process if the required threshold is not met during the binding vote 
held with respect to such question. For such questions, if at least 80% of the voting members participating in a 
binding vote held in accordance with the Rules fail to agree, the question will be automatically referred to the 
external review process. Questions that are not eligible for external review often require only a simple majority 
of participating voting members to agree in order to reach a DC Resolution. 
Questions referred to external review will be considered by a panel of three independent individuals who will be 
selected by either the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or by ISDA at random. The default 
duration of the external review process (which can be modified by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations

--- Page 797 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
797 
 
 
Committee in accordance with the Rules) is twelve business days from the referral of the question and 
contemplates the receipt of both written submissions and oral argument. Any member of ISDA may provide 
written submissions to the external reviewers, which will be made available to the public on the ISDA website, 
and the conclusion reached in accordance with the external review process will be binding on the Noteholders. In 
instances where the vote of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was less than or equal to 
60%, the decision of a majority of the external reviewers will be determinative. However, in instances where the 
vote of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was between 60% and 80%, all three external 
reviewers must agree in order to overturn the vote of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.  
Noteholders should be aware that the external reviewers may not consider new information that was not available 
to the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee at or prior to the time of the binding vote and 
questions may be returned to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee for another vote if new 
information becomes available. In addition, if the external reviewers fail to arrive at a decision for any reason, the 
entire process will be repeated. As a result, the external review process may be elongated in certain situations, 
leaving questions that may materially affect the Noteholders unresolved for a period of time. 
The Composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is composed of fifteen voting members and three non-voting 
consultative members. Ten of the voting members are dealer institutions, with eight serving across all regions and 
two potentially varying by region. The other five voting members are non-dealer institutions that serve across all 
regions. The three non-voting consultative members consist of one dealer institution and one non-dealer institution 
that serve across all regions and one dealer institution that could potentially vary by region. For the first 
composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees only, an additional non-voting dealer 
institution has been selected to serve across all regions. 
Noteholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. Separate 
criteria apply with respect to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions to serve on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and the Noteholders will have no role in establishing such criteria. In addition, the 
composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will change from time to time in accordance 
with the Rules, as the term of an institution may expire or an institution may be required to be replaced. The 
Noteholders will have no control over the process for selecting institutions to participate on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and, to the extent provided for in the Credit Linked Notes, will be subject to the 
determinations made by such selected institutions in accordance with the Rules. 
Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
As of the date hereof, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting member on each of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees. In such capacity, it may take certain actions that may influence the 
process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, including (without 
limitation): (a) agreeing to deliberate a question referred to ISDA, (b) voting on the resolution of any question

--- Page 798 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
798 
 
 
being deliberated by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and (c) advocating a certain position during 
the external review process. In addition, as a party to transactions which incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, 
the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions, the Calculation Agent may refer a question to ISDA for a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate. In deciding whether to take any such action, the 
Calculation Agent (or its Affiliate) shall be under no obligation to consider the interests of any Holder. See 
"Potential conflicts of interest of the Calculation Agent" below for additional information. 
Potential Conflicts of interest of the Calculation Agent 
Since, as of the date hereof, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting member on each of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and is a party to transactions which incorporate, or are deemed to 
incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions, it may take certain actions which may influence 
the process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. See "Ability of the 
Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" above for 
additional information. Such action may be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders and may result in an 
economic benefit accruing to the Calculation Agent. In taking any action relating to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees or performing any duty under the Rules, the Calculation Agent shall have no 
obligation to consider the interests of the Noteholders and may ignore any conflict of interest arising due to its 
responsibilities under the Credit Linked Notes. 
Noteholders will have no recourse against either the institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees or the external reviewers. Institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
and the external reviewers, among others, disclaim any duty of care or liability arising in connection with the 
performance of duties or the provision of advice under the Rules, except in the case of gross negligence, fraud or 
wilful misconduct. Furthermore, the institutions on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees do not owe 
any duty to the Noteholders and the Noteholders will be prevented from pursuing claims with respect to actions 
taken by such institutions under the Rules. 
Noteholders should also be aware that institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
have no duty to research or verify the veracity of information on which a specific determination is based. In 
addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are not obligated to follow previous determinations 
and, therefore, could reach a conflicting determination for a similar set of facts. 
Noteholders shall be responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, 
meetings held to deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes will be published on the ISDA website 
and neither the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their respective Affiliates shall be obliged to inform the 
Noteholders of such information (other than as expressly provided in the Final Terms). Failure by the Noteholders 
to be aware of information relating to deliberations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will have 
no effect under the Final Terms and Noteholders are solely responsible for obtaining any such information. 
Amendments to the Rules

--- Page 799 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
799 
 
 
The Rules may be amended from time to time without the consent or input of the Noteholders and the powers of 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may be expanded or modified as a result.

--- Page 800 ---
ANNEX 13 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SECURED NOTES 
800 
 
 
 
ANNEX 13 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SECURED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified in the Final 
Terms as Secured Notes shall comprise the terms and conditions of Notes (the "Base Conditions") and the 
additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Notes set out below (the "Secured Notes Conditions") together 
with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Base Conditions and (ii) the Secured Notes Conditions, 
the Secured Notes Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Additional Charged Agreement" means the agreement(s), if any, specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Additional Charging Document" means any non-English law governed security document entered into by 
MBFL for the purposes of granting security over or in respect of any part of the Mortgaged Property for the 
relevant Series; 
"Affiliate" means any entity which is (a) an entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by MBFL, (b) an entity that 
controls, directly or indirectly, MBFL or (c) an entity directly or indirectly under common control with MBFL; 
"Charged Agreement(s)" means the Transfer Agreement and, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Credit Support Document, in each case in respect of such Series;  
"Collateral Assets" means the Initial Collateral Assets and any Eligible Collateral delivered (a) to MBFL or the 
Custodian (on behalf of MBFL) as additional Collateral Assets in accordance with the Charged Agreement(s) but 
which shall not include any Collateral Assets released in accordance with the Security Trust Deed or, as applicable, 
(b) by MBFL as additional Collateral Assets but shall not include any Collateral Assets released in accordance 
with Secured Notes Condition 5 (Adjustment of Collateral Assets); 
"Collateral Assets Coverage Requirement" will be satisfied at the relevant time if the aggregate Value (where 
Value Basis applies) or aggregate nominal amount (where Nominal Basis applies) of the Collateral Assets is at 
least equal to the relevant Coverage Percentage of the Value (where Value Basis applies) or aggregate notional 
amount (where Notional Basis applies) of all outstanding Notes of the relevant Series at such time, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Coverage Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Counterparty" means the entity designated as the counterparty in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Counterparty Priority Basis" has the meaning given to such term in Secured Notes Condition 3 (Application 
of Proceeds);

--- Page 801 ---
ANNEX 13 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SECURED NOTES 
801 
 
 
"Credit Support Document" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Eligible Collateral" means loans, cash, securities, which may comprise bonds or notes listed on a regulated 
market, shares listed on a regulated market, shares, units or other interests in a UCITS Fund, and/or other assets 
of the type or types as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Collateral Assets" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Instructing Creditor" means:  
(a) 
in the case where Collateral Arrangements Only is specified as applying in the Final Terms, Noteholders 
holding not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate notional amount of the outstanding Notes of the 
relevant Series; or,  
(b) 
where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements is specified as applying in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the applicable Security Ranking Basis is Noteholder Priority Basis, Noteholders holding not 
less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate notional amount of the outstanding Notes of the relevant 
Series; or  
(ii) 
if the applicable Security Ranking Basis is Counterparty Priority Basis, the Counterparty; or 
(iii) 
if the applicable Security Ranking Basis is Pari Passu Basis each of (i) the Counterparty and (ii) 
Noteholders holding not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate notional amount of the outstanding 
Notes of the relevant Series, 
"Mortgaged Property" means the assets over which the Security is created by MBFL from time to time in relation 
to such Series, including, as applicable, the Collateral Assets and the Rights under the Transaction Documents;  
"Noteholder Priority Basis" has the meaning given to such term in Secured Notes Condition 3 (Application of 
Proceeds); 
"Pari Passu Basis" has the meaning given to such term in Secured Notes Condition 3 (Application of Proceeds); 
"Notional Basis" means that in the case of an Adjustment of Collateral Assets or a further issue of Notes the 
Calculation Agent will determine the aggregate notional amount of the Notes and the notional amount of the 
Collateral Assets for purposes of determining if the Collateral Assets Coverage Requirement is satisfied and for 
this purpose the notional/nominal amounts will be expressed in the Specified Currency (or, if applicable, 
converted into the Issue Currency at an appropriate exchange rate for such conversion), and no account will be 
taken of any accrued but unpaid interest or entitlement and in the case of Collateral Assets with no stated nominal 
amount the Calculation Agent will determine the appropriate amount with reference to such source(s) as it 
determines appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion.

--- Page 802 ---
ANNEX 13 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SECURED NOTES 
802 
 
 
"Realisation Amount" means the net proceeds of realisation of, or enforcement with respect to, the Mortgaged 
Property (following payment of (i) all amounts due to the Security Trustee and/or any receiver or other appointee, 
including any costs, expenses and taxes incurred in connection with such realisation or enforcement; (ii) all fees 
and expenses of the Liquidation Agent and (iii) all amounts due and unpaid to the Fiscal Agent under clause 11 
of the Issue and Paying Agency Agency Agreement); 
"Rights" means, in relation to any agreement or asset, all rights, title and interest of the relevant person in, to and 
under such agreement or asset including, without limitation: 
(a) 
in the case of MBFL’s rights under the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and each Charged Agreement, 
all its rights, title and interest under such agreement(s) and, in the case of the Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement, all its rights in respect of all funds and/or assets held from time to time by the Fiscal Agent for 
payment in respect of the Notes or otherwise in relation to the Notes; and 
(b) 
in the case of MBFL's rights under the Collateral Assets, all its rights in respect thereof or relating thereto 
and any sums or assets derived therefrom whether or not against third parties, including, without limitation, 
MBFL's rights against the Custodian to redelivery of equivalent Collateral Assets and any proceeds of the 
sale of the Collateral Assets; 
"Security" means the Security Interests created, or intended to be created at any time, in favour of the Security 
Trustee under the Security Documents in respect of such Series; 
"Security Documents" means the Security Trust Deed, each Supplemental Trust Deed and any Additional 
Charging Documents in each case in respect of such Series; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, sub-mortgage, standard security, charge, sub-charge, assignment, 
assignation in security, pledge, lien, right of set-off or other encumbrance or security interest; 
“Note Termination Amount” means the amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the first Person) at any particular time, any other Person (the 
second Person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by ownership of 
share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing body of the second 
Person, or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Transaction Documents" means the Security Trust Deed, the Custody Agreement, the Account Bank 
Agreement, the Charged Agreement(s), the Additional Charged Agreement(s), the Supplemental Trust Deed, the

--- Page 803 ---
ANNEX 13 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SECURED NOTES 
803 
 
 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and any Additional Charging Document in each case entered into in relation 
to and as the same relate to such Series and all agreements incidental to the issue of the Notes of such Series; 
"Transfer Agreement" has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
"Transfer Agreement Termination Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"UCITS Fund" means an investment fund that qualifies as an undertaking for collective investment in transferable 
securities within the scope of Council Directive 85/611/EEC of 20 December 1985 on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable 
securities (UCITS), as such directive is amended, superseded and replaced from time to time. 
"Value" has the meaning given in the definition of Value Basis. 
"Value Basis" means that in the case of an Adjustment of Collateral Assets or a further issues of Notes the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Value of the Notes and Collateral Assets for purposes of determining if the 
Collateral Assets Coverage Requirement is satisfied and for this purpose "Value" will be determined as provided 
in the Final Terms or, if not specified in the Final Terms, shall mean the fair market value of the Notes or Collateral 
Assets, as applicable, expressed in the Specified Currency and determined by the Calculation Agent with reference 
to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion (and this will 
not require the Calculation Agent to obtain any "best execution" price). 
2. 
Security 
(a) 
Security: Pursuant to the Security Trust Deed, MBFL's obligations under the Notes and the Charged 
Agreement(s) will be secured by the following security, in each case save to the extent the relevant asset 
or right is charged under an Additional Charging Document: 
(i) 
a first fixed charge and a first ranking assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer's Rights 
in, to and under the Collateral Assets; and 
(ii) 
a first ranking assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer's Rights under each Charged 
Agreement, each Additional Charged Agreement and the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement in 
respect of such Notes.  
(b) 
The applicable Final Terms will specify (i) any Charged Agreement(s), being a Transfer Agreement 
entered into together, if applicable, with a Credit Support Document (ii) any Additional Charged 
Agreement and (iii) whether any other security interest will be created under the Security Trust Deed 
and/or under an Additional Charging Document. 
(c) 
Realisation of Mortgaged Property upon early redemption or Event of Default: If the Security in relation 
to any of the Mortgaged Property becomes enforceable where the Notes are declared immediately due 
and payable pursuant to Secured Notes Condition 7 (Events of Default) or otherwise as specified in the 
Final Terms, the Security Trustee or, where permitted in accordance with Secured Notes Condition 9 
(Disposal of Collateral Assets) the Liquidation Agent may in its discretion and, if requested by an

--- Page 804 ---
ANNEX 13 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SECURED NOTES 
804 
 
 
Instructing Creditor, shall (in each case, subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to 
its satisfaction) realise such Mortgaged Property and/or take such action as may be permitted under 
applicable laws against any obligor in respect of such Mortgaged Property. The Security Trustee and 
Liquidation Agent will not have any liability as to the consequence of such action and will not have 
regard to the effect of such action on individual Noteholders or the Counterparty. On the occurrence of 
any such event, the Charged Agreement(s) may, if so provided therein, terminate in accordance with its 
or their terms.   
3. 
Application of Proceeds 
The Security Trust Deed provides for the application of the Realisation Amount in accordance with the relevant 
Security Ranking Basis specified below (following payment of (i) all amounts due to the Security Trustee and/or 
any receiver or other appointee under or pursuant to the Security Trust Deed, including any costs, expenses and 
taxes incurred in connection with enforcement or realisation in accordance with the Security Trust Deed and 
thereafter (ii) the Liquidation Agent in respect of its fees and expenses and thereafter (iii) all amounts due and 
unpaid to the Fiscal Agent under clause 11 of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement). 
Where Collateral Arrangements Only is specified as applying in the Final Terms the "Security Ranking Basis" 
means the Realisation Amount will be applied first, in the meeting claims of the Noteholders under the Notes on 
a pari passu and pro rata basis, and second, in paying any remaining amount to MBFL. 
Where Charged Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final Terms: 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the "Security Ranking Basis" in accordance with which the Realisation 
Amount will be applied being one of the following (or otherwise as specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(i) 
"Noteholder Priority Basis", meaning first in meeting claims of the Noteholders under the Notes on a 
pari passu and pro rata basis and, thereafter, in meeting the claims of the Counterparty under the Charged 
Agreement(s); or 
(ii) 
"Pari Passu Basis", meaning in meeting the claims of the Noteholders and the Counterparty under the 
Charged Agreement(s) on a pari passu and pro rata basis; or 
(iii) 
"Counterparty Priority Basis", meaning first, in meeting the claims of the Counterparty under the 
Charged Agreement(s) and, thereafter, in meeting the claims of the Noteholders on a pari passu and pro 
rata basis. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Counterparty shall not have any claim in respect of the Issuer's Rights under the 
Charged Agreement(s). Where more than one Counterparty is specified in the Final Terms then the Security 
Ranking Basis will be as specified in the Final Terms. 
4. 
Shortfall after Application of Proceeds

--- Page 805 ---
ANNEX 13 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SECURED NOTES 
805 
 
 
In the event that, following the application of the Realisation Amount in accordance with the applicable Security 
Ranking Basis, the amount payable to a Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him or her is less than the 
Note Termination Amount (the difference being referred to as a "Shortfall"), MBFL (failing which, the 
Guarantor) shall remain liable for such Shortfall, but any such Noteholders shall not have recourse to the 
Mortgaged Property secured in respect of any other Series of Notes. 
5. 
Adjustment of Collateral Assets 
This Secured Notes Condition applies where Collateral Arrangements Only is specified as applying in the Final 
Terms. 
The Final Terms will specify whether “Adjustment of Collateral Assets” applies to Secured Notes and where this 
is applicable, MBFL may or, in some cases, will be obliged to adjust Collateral Assets from time to time as 
described below. If no such specification is made in the Final Terms, Adjustment of Collateral Assets will be 
deemed to be not applicable.  
Where Adjustment of Collateral Assets applies then MBFL may or must, as applicable, from time to time, at its 
own cost and subject to the Security Trust Deed, by giving not less than 2 Business Days' notice (an "Adjustment 
Notice") in writing to the Security Trustee exercise its rights or perform its obligations as follows: 
(a) 
If “Issuer Collateral Assets Optional Top Up Right” is specified as applying in the Final Terms, MBFL 
may at its option provide further Eligible Collateral and secure this in favour of the Security Trustee on 
the same terms mutatis mutandis, as the other Collateral Assets; and/or 
(b) 
If “Issuer Collateral Assets Excess Removal Right” is specified as applying in the Final Terms, MBFL 
may at its option require that any loans, cash, securities or other assets for the time being comprising the 
Collateral Assets are released from the Security Interests in accordance with the Security Trust Deed and 
transferred to it for its own account provided that immediately following such transfer the Collateral 
Assets Coverage Requirement is met, even though this may not be the case subsequently; and/or 
(c) 
If “Issuer Collateral Assets Maintenance Obligation” is specified as applying in the Final Terms, MBFL 
must at all times ensure the Collateral Assets Coverage Requirement is met and where required in order 
to do so must provide further Eligible Collateral and secure this in favour of the Security Trustee on the 
same terms, mutatis mutandis as the other Collateral Assets; and/or 
(d) 
If “Issuer Collateral Assets Substitution Right (with coverage test)” is specified as applying in the Final 
Terms, MBFL may require that any loans, cash, securities or other assets for the time being comprising 
the Collateral Assets be replaced by Eligible Collateral and the Security Trustee shall accordingly release 
the Collateral Assets from the Security Interests in accordance with the Security Trust Deed to enable 
such adjustment, provided that upon any release of the substituted Collateral Assets from the Security 
Interests, the replacement Collateral Assets are secured by MBFL on the same terms mutatis mutandis 
as the substituted Collateral Assets and the Collateral Assets Coverage Requirement must be met 
immediately following the adjustments, even if this is not the case subsequently; and/or

--- Page 806 ---
ANNEX 13 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SECURED NOTES 
806 
 
 
(e) 
If “Issuer Collateral Assets Substitution Right (without coverage test)” is specified as applying in the 
Final Terms, MBFL may require that any loans, cash, securities or other assets for the time being 
comprising the Collateral Assets be replaced by Eligible Collateral and the Security Trustee shall 
accordingly release the Collateral Assets from the Security Interests in accordance with the Security 
Trust Deed to enable such adjustment, provided that upon any release of the substituted Collateral Assets 
from the Security Interests, the replacement Collateral Assets are secured by MBFL on the same terms 
mutatis mutandis as the substituted Collateral Assets and the aggregate Value of the Collateral Assets 
immediately following such adjustment must be at least equal to the aggregate Value of the Collateral 
Assets immediately prior to such adjustment, even if this is not the case subsequently. 
The Final Terms will specify whether Value Basis or Nominal Basis will apply and the criteria for the Eligible 
Collateral. 
In any of the above cases, all requirements of any relevant stock exchange or competent authority and any other 
conditions specified in the Final Terms must be complied with. 
Following its delivery of an Adjustment Notice to the Security Trustee, MBFL must also notify the Fiscal Agent, 
the Custodian, the Account Bank, the Calculation Agent, the Liquidation Agent and the Noteholders as soon as 
reasonably practicable provided that any failure to do so will not affect the validity of the relevant adjustment to 
the Collateral Assets. 
6. 
Early Redemption 
 
Early redemption upon termination of a Charged Agreement: If “Early redemption upon a Charged 
Agreement Termination” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of MBFL in whole, but not in part, any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice (or such other period of notice as set out in the applicable Final Terms) to Noteholders in accordance 
with Base Condition 16 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), in the event that, where Charged 
Agreement/Collateral Arrangements are specified as applying in the Final Terms, if any applicable 
Transfer Agreement, Credit Support Document or Additional Charged Agreement is terminated in 
accordance with its terms prior to its stated date of termination. 
 
Early redemption upon a Regulatory Event: If “Early redemption upon a Regulatory Event” is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of MBFL in whole, but not in part, 
any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms) to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 16 (Notices) (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), in the event that a change in applicable law or regulation occurs that results, 
or will result, solely by reason of the Notes being outstanding, in the relevant Issuer being required to be 
regulated by any additional jurisdiction or regulatory authority, or being subject to any additional legal 
requirement or regulation considered by the relevant Issuer to be materially onerous to it. 
 
Early redemption amount: Each Note settled early pursuant to this Base Condition 6 will be redeemed at 
its Note Termination Amount.

--- Page 807 ---
ANNEX 13 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SECURED NOTES 
807 
 
 
7. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing, the holder of a Note of any 
Series may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Liquidation Agent and the Security Trustee each at its 
specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Note Termination Amount (calculated 
on the basis that MBFL and the Guarantor are obligors of the highest creditworthiness) of such Note shall become 
immediately due and payable: 
(a) 
Default in payment: default is made for a period of (i) 5 Business Days or more in the payment of any 
Note Termination Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Optional Cash Redemption Amount 
(Call), Optional Cash Redemption Amount (Put), Instalment Amount, Cash Redemption Amount or 
other payment amount (excluding any Interest Amount) on any of the Notes or (ii) for a period of 15 
Business Days or more in the payment of any Interest Amount due in respect of the Notes or any of them; 
(b) 
Failure to deliver: MBFL fails to deliver any Entitlement or Early Redemption Entitlement on the due 
date for delivery and such failure to deliver has not been remedied within 30 calendar days of notice of 
such failure having been given to MBFL by any Noteholder, provided that an Event of Default shall not 
occur under this Secured Notes Condition 7(b) if any of the conditions to settlement to be satisfied by 
the Noteholder have not been so satisfied as at the due date for delivery; 
(c) 
Failure to perform any other Obligation: MBFL or the Guarantor (where applicable) is in breach of 
or fails duly to perform any other obligation under or in respect of the Notes, the MBFL Deed of 
Guarantee, the Security Trust Deed, the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, 
or Account Bank Agreement and such failure continues for more than 30 days after the service by a 
holder of a Note or the Security Trustee of notice on MBFL requiring the same to be remedied; 
(d) 
General suspension of payments: MBFL or the Guarantor (where applicable) suspends its payments 
generally; 
(e) 
Bankruptcy, composition or similar event: a court in the country of domicile of MBFL or the 
Guarantor (where applicable) institutes bankruptcy proceedings or composition proceedings to avert a 
bankruptcy or MBFL or the Guarantor (where applicable) applies for institution of such proceedings or 
any event occurs in relation to MBFL or the Guarantor (where applicable) which under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy or Luxembourg has an analogous effect to such proceedings; 
(f) 
Cross-default: (i) any other present or future indebtedness of MBFL or the Guarantor for or in respect 
of moneys borrowed or raised becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of any 
payment default thereon by MBFL or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, or (ii) any such indebtedness 
is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within an applicable grace period, or (iii) MBFL or the 
Guarantor fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or 
indemnity in respect of any moneys borrowed or raised provided that an event of default pursuant to 
paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) above of this Secured Notes Condition 7 shall only occur if: (A) the aggregate 
amount of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one of the events

--- Page 808 ---
ANNEX 13 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SECURED NOTES 
808 
 
 
mentioned in paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) above have occurred and is continuing exceeds €35,000,000 and 
(B) MBFL or the Guarantor is not contesting in good faith in a competent court in a recognised 
jurisdiction that the relevant indebtedness or guarantee and/or indemnity is due and enforceable, as 
appropriate; 
(g) 
Insolvency: either MBFL or the Guarantor is (or is deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt 
or unable to pay its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed 
or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of MBFL or 
the Guarantor as the case may be; 
(h) 
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or dissolution or 
administration of MBFL or the Guarantor applies or petitions for a winding-up or administration order 
in respect of itself or ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or 
operations, in each case except for the purposes of and pursuant to or in connection with a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, consolidation, deconsolidation or disposal or 
contribution in kind of assets or branches of business; 
(i) 
Ownership: MBFL ceases to be controlled by Mediobanca (except in the case of a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, consolidation or similar transaction by which 
Mediobanca assumes the payment obligations of MBFL under the Notes); 
(j) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for MBFL to perform or comply with any one or more of its 
obligations under any of the Notes;  
(k) 
Guarantee: the MBFL Deed of Guarantee ceases to be a valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor 
or it becomes unlawful for the Guarantor to perform its obligations under the MBFL Deed of Guarantee 
or the MBFL Deed of Guarantee is claimed by MBFL or the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect 
(except in the case of a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, consolidation 
or similar transaction by which Mediobanca assumes the payment obligations of MBFL under the Notes); 
or 
(l) 
if specified in the Final Terms any Additional Event of Default occurs in respect of the relevant Series 
of Notes. 
For the purpose of paragraph (f) above, any indebtedness for borrowed money which is in a currency other than 
euro shall be translated at the spot rate for the sale of the relevant currency against the purchase of euro in 
Luxembourg as quoted by a leading bank selected by the Fiscal Agent for this purpose on the day in Luxembourg 
on which such premature repayment becomes due or, as the case may be, such default occurs (or, if for any reason 
such a rate is not available on that day, on the earliest possible date thereafter). 
8. 
Enforcement

--- Page 809 ---
ANNEX 13 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SECURED NOTES 
809 
 
 
Following an Event of Default which is continuing the Security Trustee may, at any time, at its discretion and 
without notice, take such action under or in connection with any of the Security Documents as it may think fit 
(including, without limitation, enforcing the Notes upon the Notes becoming enforceable), provided that it shall 
not be bound to take any such action unless: 
(a) 
it shall have been so directed in writing by the Instructing Creditor; and 
(b) 
it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
No Notesholder shall be entitled to enforce the Notes or to proceed directly against MBFL to enforce the other 
provisions of the Security Document(s) unless the Security Trustee, having become bound so to enforce or to 
proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
In the event that the Realisation Amount is insufficient to pay all amounts due to the Notesholders, MBFL 
(failing which the Guarantor) shall remain liable for the Shortfall. No Notesholder shall be entitled to have 
recourse to the Mortgaged Property secured in respect of any other Series of Notes. 
9. 
Disposal of Collateral Assets 
(a) 
If an Event of Default has occurred or the Notes are otherwise declared immediately due and payable 
and, in either case, an Instructing Creditor has directed the Security Trustee to take action to enforce the 
Notes, the Security Trustee will as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Liquidation Agent of this 
(such notice a "Collateral Liquidation Event Notice") and the Liquidation Agent will take action to 
dispose of the Collateral Assets pursuant to this Secured Notes Condition 9 (such disposal being a 
"Collateral Liquidation Event").  
The Liquidation Agent shall not otherwise be required to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether 
a Collateral Liquidation Event might arise. Prior to receipt by it of a Collateral Liquidation Event Notice, 
the Liquidation Agent may assume that no such event has occurred.  
The Liquidation Agent shall be entitled to rely on a Collateral Liquidation Event Notice without 
investigation.  
(b) 
Following receipt by it of a valid Collateral Liquidation Event Notice the Liquidation Agent will on 
behalf of MBFL and the Guarantor, so far as is practicable in the circumstances effect a liquidation of 
the Collateral Assets for settlement as soon as reasonably practicable following the effective delivery of 
the related Collateral Liquidation Event Notice. 
Following the occurrence of a Collateral Liquidation Event and effective delivery of a valid Collateral 
Liquidation Event Notice, the security shall be released without further action on the part of the Security 
Trustee to the extent necessary for the Liquidation Agent to effect the disposal of the Collateral Assets. 
Nothing in this paragraph will operate to release the charges and other security interests over the proceeds 
of the liquidation of the Collateral Assets.

--- Page 810 ---
ANNEX 13 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SECURED NOTES 
810 
 
 
The Liquidation Agent must account to the Security Trustee for all of the proceeds of disposal and apply these 
only as directed by the Security Trustee.

--- Page 811 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
811 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be in the following form completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part 
of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms.  
[PRIIPs Regulation / Prospectus Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
- The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a 
“retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")] / [MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. [Consider to include information on the product approval process]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for

--- Page 812 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
812 
 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] [Consider to 
amend the legend above if necessary] 2 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] [Consider to include information on the product 
approval process]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] [Consider to amend the legend above if necessary] 3 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional 
clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); EITHER [and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients 
are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market and amend the list if necessary]. [Consider to include information on the 
product approval process]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable] [Consider to amend the legend above if necessary].] 4 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) 
 
2 Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties only".  
3 Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties 
only".  
4 Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market".

--- Page 813 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
813 
 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]]. [Consider to amend the legend above if necessary].] 5 
 
Final Terms 
[MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal entity indentifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44/ 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Legal entity indentifier (LEI): 549300DV870NBWY5W279/ 
MB Funding Lux S.A. 
Legal entity indentifier (LEI): 635400R5IHFIXBKVMS16] 
[insert title of Notes] 
[guaranteed in the case of Notes issued by  
[MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A.]/[MB Funding Lux S.A.] by 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.] 
under the 
Structured Note Issuance Programme 
 
5 Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market".

--- Page 814 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
814 
 
SERIES NO:  [      ] 
TRANCHE NO:  [      ] 
 
Issue Price: [      ] per cent. 
 
[Dealer(s)] 
 
 
The date of these Final Terms is [      ] 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so[: 
(i) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph [●] of Part B below, provided such 
person is a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus) and that the 
offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph and that any conditions relevant to the 
use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or  
(ii) 
otherwise] in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
[Neither][None of] the Issuer [nor], [the Guarantor or] any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making 
of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances.]6 
[Investors should note that if a supplement to or an updated version of the Base Prospectus referred to below is 
published at any time during the Offer Period (as defined below), such supplement or updated base prospectus, as 
the case may be, will be published and made available in accordance with the arrangements applied to the original 
publication of these Final Terms. Any investors who have indicated acceptances of the Offer (as defined below) 
prior to the date of publication of such supplement or updated version of the Base Prospectus, as the case may be, 
(the "Publication Date") have the right within three working days of the Publication Date to withdraw their 
acceptances.]7 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 18 September 2023[, [the][each] Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus published and approved 
on or before the date of these Final Terms (copies of which are available as described below) and any other 
 
6 Include this wording where a non-exempt offer of Notes is anticipated. 
7 Include in respect of issues of Notes where the public offer period spans a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 815 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
815 
 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus which may have been published and approved before the issue of any additional 
amount of Notes (the "Supplements") (provided that to the extent any such Supplement (i) is published and 
approved after the date of these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions of the Notes such 
changes shall have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the Notes to which these Final Terms relate)] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation") (the "Base Prospectus"). [The Base Prospectus has been passported into [•] in 
compliance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation.] This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus. [Insert for Non-EEA Notes: Provided that the Prospectus Regulation does not apply in respect 
of the particular offer [and listing] of the Notes described herein.] Full information on [Mediobanca - Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A.]/[Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A.]/[MB Funding Lux S.A.] (the 
"Issuer") [, Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (the "Guarantor")], [and the offer][and/or] [listing] 
of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [A 
summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]8 [The Base Prospectus [and any Supplement(s) to the 
Base Prospectus] [and these Final Terms]9 [is/are] available for viewing at [address] [and] [website] and 
copies may be obtained free of charge from [address].]]  
[The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of Notes where the public offer period spans a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the Base Prospectus 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 18 September 2023[,[the][each] Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus 
published and approved on or before the date of these Final Terms (copies of which are available as described 
below)] [notwithstanding the publication and approval of any [other] Supplement to the 2023 Base Prospectus 
(each a "2023 Future Supplement") which may have been published and approved ([together,] the "2023 Base 
Prospectus")] after the date of these Final Terms and before the issue of the Notes to which these Final Terms 
relate)] [and/or] [an updated Base Prospectus (any Supplement(s) thereto, each a "2024 Future Supplement"), 
which will replace the 2023 Base Prospectus (the "2024 Base Prospectus")] (the date of any such publication and 
approval, each a "Publication Date"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and [(i) prior to any Publication Date, must be read in 
conjunction with the 2023 Base Prospectus, or (ii)] on and after any Publication Date must be read in conjunction 
with [the 2023 Base Prospectus, as supplemented by any 2023 Future Supplement as at such date] [or, as 
applicable,] [the 2024 Base Prospectus, as supplemented by any 2024 Future Supplement as at such date],] save 
in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 2023 Base Prospectus. The 2023 Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented, constitutes [, and the 2024 Base Prospectus will constitute,] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on [Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.]/[Mediobanca 
International (Luxembourg) S.A.]/[MB Funding Lux S.A.] (the "Issuer") [,Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. (the "Guarantor")], [and the offer][and/or] [listing] of the Notes is only available on the basis 
 
8 Include this wording where a non-exempt offer of Notes is anticipated. 
9 Include in respect of issues of Notes that are listes.

--- Page 816 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
816 
 
of the combination of these Final Terms and [(i) prior to any Publication Date, the 2023 Base Prospectus, or (ii)] 
[on or after any Publication Date, [the 2023 Base Prospectus, as supplemented by any 2023 Future Supplement as 
at such date] [or, as applicable,] [the 2024 Base Prospectus, as supplemented by any 2024 Future Supplement as 
at such date], save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 2023 Base Prospectus. [The Issuer 
has in the 2023 Base Prospectus given consent to the use of the 2023 Base Prospectus in connection with the offer 
of the Notes. Such consent will be valid until the date that is twelve months following the date of the 2023 Base 
Prospectus. The Issuer will in the 2024 Base Prospectus give consent to the use of the 2023 Base Prospectus in 
connection with the offer of the Notes.] [The 2023 Base Prospectus [, as supplemented,] [and these Final 
Terms]10 [is/are] available[, and the 2024 Base Prospectus will be available] for viewing at [address] [and] 
[website] and copies may be obtained free of charge from [address].]  
[Pursuant to Regulation EU 2016/1011 the Issuer produces and maintains plans setting out the actions to take in 
the event that the [include the name of the relevant Benchmark] materially changes or ceases to be provided. 
Details of the plans may be provided upon written request.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms. However, such numbering may change where individual paragraphs 
or sub-paragraphs are removed.] 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the terms and conditions of the relevant series of Notes and words 
and expressions defined in such terms and conditions shall bear the same meaning in these Final Terms in so far 
as they relate to such series of Notes, save as where otherwise expressly provided. 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute 
"significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum redemption value may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
The following terms apply to each series of Notes: 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
[Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A.]/[Mediobanca 
International 
(Luxembourg) 
S.A.]/[MB Funding Lux S.A.] 
 
10 Include in respect of issues of Notes that are listes.

--- Page 817 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
817 
 
2. 
Guarantor: 
[Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.] 
[Not applicable] 
3. 
Series Number 
[specify] 
4. 
Tranche Number: 
[specify] 
5. 
Issue Currency: 
[specify] 
6. 
Nominal Amount: 
[specify] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess 
thereof up to and including [●]. No Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above [●].] 
(Notes including Notes denominated in Sterling, in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 and which have a 
maturity of less than one year must have minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies).) 
Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[specify] (The Aggregate Nominal Amount is equal to 
the number of Notes issued multiplied by the Nominal 
Amount of each Note) 
7. 
Issue Price:  
[[ 
] per Note] [ 
] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date] [The maturity date for the Notes is [  ] 
[the [   ]th Business Day following the Valuation Date] 
[(the "Scheduled Maturity Date")]

--- Page 818 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
818 
 
Business Day Convention for Maturity Date: 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding / 
Modified Preceding / None / Not applicable] 
9. 
Issue Date: 
[specify]  
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
10. 
[Date [Board] of approval for issuance of 
Notes [and Guarantee] obtained: 
[Not applicable] [      ] [and [      ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes or related guarantee of the Notes) 
11. 
Consolidation: 
[Not applicable] [The Notes are to be consolidated and 
form a single Series with the [insert title of relevant 
series of Notes] issued on [insert issue date] with 
effect from [insert date on which the Notes become 
fungible].] (N.B. Only applicable in relation to Notes 
which are fungible with an existing series of Notes) 
12. 
Type of Notes: 
(a) 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[[specify] per cent. of Nominal Amount] 
[Index Linked] 
[Share Linked] 
[ETI Linked] 
[Debt Linked] 
[Commodity Linked] 
[Inflation Index Linked] 
[Currency Linked] 
[Fund Linked] 
[Futures Linked]

--- Page 819 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
819 
 
[Interest Rate Linked] 
[Credit Linked] 
[Hybrid Linked] 
[Instalment] 
[Physical Delivery] 
[and Dual Currency Redemption] 
[If the Notes are Dual Currency Redemption 
Notes, another Redemption/Payment Basis 
must always be specified.] 
 
(b) 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate – see 45(b) below]  
[[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SARON] 
+/- [•] per cent. Floating Rate (further 
particulars specified below at item 45(c))] 
[Fixed Rate and Floating Rate (further 
particulars specified below at item 45(b) and 
45(c))] 
[Structured Rate (further particulars specified 
below at item 45(d))]  
[and Dual Currency (further particulars 
specified below at item 26)] [If the Notes are 
Dual Currency Interest Notes, another Interest 
Basis must always be specified.] 
[Non-interest bearing] 
 
(c) 
The Notes are [Index Linked Notes/Share 
Linked Notes/ETI Linked Notes/Debt Linked 
Notes/Commodity 
Linked 
Notes/Inflation 
Index 
Linked 
Notes/Currency 
Linked 
Notes/Fund Linked Notes/Futures Linked 
Notes/Interest 
Rate 
Linked 
Notes/Credit 
Linked Notes/Hybrid Notes]. 
 
(d) 
[The provisions of Annex 2 (Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Index Linked Notes) shall

--- Page 820 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
820 
 
apply.] 
[The 
provisions 
of 
Annex 
3 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Share 
Linked Notes) shall apply.] [The provisions of 
Annex 4 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
ETI Linked Notes) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 5 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Debt Linked Notes) shall 
apply.] 
[The 
provisions 
of 
Annex 
6 
(Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
Commodity Linked Notes) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 7 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Inflation Index Linked Notes) 
shall apply.] [The provisions of Annex 8 
(Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
Currency Linked Notes) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 9 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Fund Linked Notes) shall 
apply.] [The provisions of Annex 10 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Futures 
Linked Notes) shall apply.] [The provisions of 
Annex 11 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Interest Rate Linked Notes) shall apply] 
[The provisions of Annex 12 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes) shall apply.] [The provisions of Annex 
[2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10/11/12] (Additional Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
[Index/Share/ETI/Debt/Commodity/Inflation 
Index/Currency/Fund/Futures/Interest 
Rate/Credit] Linked Notes)] 
[Unwind Costs: [Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
[Essential Trigger: Applicable]

--- Page 821 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
821 
 
13. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on [ 
] days’ notice] / [at any 
time] / [in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [ 
] days’ notice,] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [ 
] days’ notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note.] [TEFRA C Rules shall apply.] [ TEFRA 
D Rules shall apply.] 
[The Notes will be issued and held in dematerialised 
form by [Euronext Securities Milan ("Italian 
Dematerialised Notes")/ include the name of any 
other custodian appointed by the relevant Issuer], as 
Centralised Custodian.] 
[CREST Dematerialised Notes] 
14. 
New Global Note form: 
[Yes/No]11 
15. 
Business Day Centre(s): 
The applicable Business Day Centre[s] for the 
purposes of the definition of "Business Day" in Base 
Condition 3 [is/are] [●]/[T2]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day]. 
16. 
Settlement: 
Settlement will be by way of [cash payment (Cash 
Settled Notes)] [and/or] [physical delivery (Physical 
Delivery Notes)]. (N.B. Italian Dematerialised Notes 
may only be Cash Settled Notes) 
 
11 To be elected "yes" opposite "New Global Note form" if it has been elected "yes" to the Section in Part B under the heading "Operational 
Information" entitled "New Global Note intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility"

--- Page 822 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
822 
 
[Physical Settlement according to Base Condition 
12.1: Applicable] / [Alternative Physical Settlement: 
Applicable] 
[Issuer's Option to Substitute: Not applicable] 
17. 
Rounding Convention for Cash Settlement 
Amount: 
[Rounding Convention 2]/[Not applicable] 
18. 
Variation of Settlement: 
 
(a) Issuer's option to vary settlement: 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes. (N.B. the Issuer's 
option to vary settlement is not applicable to Italian 
Dematerialised Notes) 
 
(N.B. If the Issuer does not have the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes, delete the 
sub-paragraph (b) of this item 18) 
(b) [Variation of Settlement of Physical 
Delivery Notes: 
Notwithstanding the fact that the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes, the Issuer may make payment of the 
Cash Settlement Amount on the Maturity Date and the 
provisions of Base Condition 4.3 will apply to the 
Notes/The Issuer will procure delivery of the 
Entitlement in respect of the Notes and the provisions 
of Base Condition 4.3 will not apply to the Notes.] 
19. 
Redenomination:  
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
20. 
FX 
Settlement 
Disruption 
Event 
Determination:  
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[FX Settlement Disruption Expenses: Not applicable]

--- Page 823 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
823 
 
21. 
Cash Settlement: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled 
Notes.) 
(a) Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount: 
[Not applicable] [  ] [As specified in Base Condition 
2] 
(b) Maximum Amount 
[Not applicable] [  ] 
(c) Minimum Amount 
[Not applicable] [  ] 
22. 
Final Payout 
(in case the relevant Final Payout contain an 
"Additional Final Payout" and/or an "Additional 
Final Payout 1" and/or an "Additional Final Payout 
2", repeat all the relevant items in the Final Terms 
necessary to calculate such additional final payouts) 
(in case the Payout Switch is specified as applicable, 
repeat all the relevant items in the Final Terms 
necessary to calculate such Switched Payout)  
 
[SFP Payouts 
[[Capital Protection Notes: 
 
[Single Final Payout - Protected Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1 (a).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Protected Capped Notes] 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(b).]]]

--- Page 824 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
824 
 
 
[Yield Enhancement Notes: 
 
[Single Final Payout - Parity and Exchange Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(c).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout – Double Coupon Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(d).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Double Coupon 
Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(e).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Leveraged Capped Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(f).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Knock-Out Leveraged Capped 
Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(g).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Strike-Out Leveraged Capped 
Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(h).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Capped Speed Notes

--- Page 825 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
825 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(i).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus Parity Exchange 
Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(j).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(k).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Reverse Capped Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(l).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus 
Parity Exchange Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(m).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus 
Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(n).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Standard Express Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(o).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout – Continuous Reverse Level 
Parity Exchange Notes

--- Page 826 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
826 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(p).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Standard Step Memory Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(q).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Standard Memory Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(r).]]] 
 
[Participation Notes: 
 
[Single Final Payout - Forex DivReinvested Fees 
Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(s).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Bonus Floored 
Exchange Parity Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(t).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Bonus Floored 
Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(u).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Reverse 
Level Parity Exchange Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(v).]]

--- Page 827 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
827 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Upside and Downside Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(w).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Capped Upside and Downside 
Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(x).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Bonus Barrier 
Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(y).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Capped Continuous Bonus 
Barrier Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(z).]]] 
 
[Leverage Notes: 
 
[Single Final Payout - Lower Collared Knock-Out 
Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(aa).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Upper Collared Knock-Out 
Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(bb).]]

--- Page 828 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
828 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Lower Knock-Out 
Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(cc).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Upper Knock-Out 
Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(dd).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout – Standard Call and Put Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(ee).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Knock-In Call and Put Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(ff).]] 
 
[Single Final Payout - Capitalised Call and Put Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(gg).]]] 
 
[Constant Leverage Notes: 
 
[Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(hh).] 
[Maturity Extension: [Applicable]]

--- Page 829 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
829 
 
[If Maturity Extension is specified as "Applicable": 
Maturity Extension Notice Period:  
Maximum Notice Period: [specify]  
Minimum Notice Period: [specify]] 
[Reverse Split: [Applicable] 
[If Reverse Split is specified as "Applicable":  
Reverse Split Notice Period:  
Maximum Notice Period: [specify]  
Minimum Notice Period: [specify] 
(If "Reverse Split" is specified as "Applicable" insert 
related provisions from Base Condition 8.10.)] 
[MFP Payouts 
[Multiple Final Payout – Constant Percentage 
Notes: 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Constant Percentage Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(ii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Normal Performance 
Notes: 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Normal Performance Notes 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(jj).]]

--- Page 830 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
830 
 
 
Multiple Final Payout - Performance Differential 
Notes: 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Performance Differential 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(kk).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 1-Way Floor Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(ll).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 1-Way Cap Notes 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(mm).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 2-Way Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(nn).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Reverse Convertible 
Notes: 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – KI –Reverse Convertible 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(i).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – KI – Extended Reverse 
Convertible Notes: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii).]]

--- Page 831 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
831 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – KO – Extended Reverse 
Convertible Notes: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – KO –Reverse Convertible 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iv).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Vanilla KI Reverse 
Convertible Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(v).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Vanilla KO Reverse 
Convertible Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vi).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout –KIKO Reverse Convertible 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – KIKO Extended Reverse 
Convertible Notes 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(viii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Vanilla Notes:

--- Page 832 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
832 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(pp)(i).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Spread 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(pp)(ii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(pp)(iii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put Spread 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(pp)(iv).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KI Digital 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(pp)(v).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KO Digital 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(pp)(vi).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-in Vanilla 
Call Notes:

--- Page 833 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
833 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(pp)(vii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-out Vanilla 
Call Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(pp)(viii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Asian Notes: 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Standard Asian Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(qq)(i).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Standard Collared Asian 
Spread Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(qq)(ii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout Standard Himalaya Notes: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(rr).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Dispersion Notes: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(ss).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Step Notes: 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-in Notes:

--- Page 834 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
834 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(i).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-in Notes: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Extended Knock-in 
Notes: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-out Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iv).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-out Notes: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(v).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Extended Knock-out 
Notes: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vi).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 4-Step Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 4-Step Extended Notes

--- Page 835 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
835 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(viii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Standard 3-Step Knock-in 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ix).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Standard 3-Step Knock-out 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(x).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2-Step Barrier 
Down Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(xi).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2-Step Barrier Up 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition (tt)(xii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 2-Step Knock-in Notes: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(xiii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 2-Step Knock-out Notes: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(xiv).]]  
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Performance Notes:

--- Page 836 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
836 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Geared Call Performance 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(i).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Multi Performance Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-Out 
Bonus Performance Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(iii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-In 
Bonus Performance Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(iv).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 2–Step KI Multi Bonus 
Notes: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(v).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 3–Step Multi Bonus Notes: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vi).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 3–Step Flexi Bonus Notes: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vii).]]

--- Page 837 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
837 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Knock-Out Bonus 
Performance Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(viii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Knock – In Bonus 
Performance Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ix).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Performance 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(x).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Twin -Win Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(vv).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Outperformance 
Notes: 
 
Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(ww).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Performance Notes: 
 
Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(xx).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Performance 
Notes:

--- Page 838 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
838 
 
 
Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(yy).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Knock-In Performance 
Notes: 
 
Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(zz).]] 
 
[Multiple 
Final 
Payout 
– 
Flexi 
Knock-Out 
Performance Notes: 
 
Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-In 
Performance Notes: 
 
Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-Out 
Performance Notes: 
 
Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc).]]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Multi Knock-In 
Performance Notes: 
 
Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd).]]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Multi Knock-
out Performance Notes  
Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(eee).]]]

--- Page 839 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
839 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Capped and Floored Ratchet 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(fff).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Weighted Mixed Payouts 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(ggg).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Mixed Payouts 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(hhh).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Knock-out Mixed Payouts 
Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(iii).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Max Mixed Payouts Notes: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(jjj).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk).]] 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Best Entry Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(lll).]]

--- Page 840 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
840 
 
[Single Fixed Income (FI) Final Payouts 
[Single FI FX Vanilla Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(mmm).]] 
 
[Single FI Digital Floor Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(nnn).]] 
 
[Single FI Digital Cap Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(ooo).]] 
 
[Single FI Digital Plus Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(ppp).]] 
 
[Continuous FX Wedding Cake Notes: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(qqq).]] 
 
[Single FI Inflation Notes:  
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.1(rrr).]] 
[[Structuring Fee Deduction: Applicable] 
[Insert 
formula/amend 
formula 
according 
to 
provisions from Formulas Condition 1.3.]] 
23. 
[Payout Switch: 
[Applicable / Not applicable]

--- Page 841 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
841 
 
(a) Payout Switch Election 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[If applicable Insert related provisions from 
Conditions] 
(b) Automatic Payout Switch 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable Insert related provisions from 
Conditions] 
(c) Target Switch Payout:  
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable Insert related provisions from 
Conditions] 
24. 
Entitlement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/Physical Delivery Option 
[1/2/3]] 
[MFP Entitlement Amounts: Applicable] 
 
(a) 
[The Entitlement Amount in relation to each 
Note is: 
 
[an amount equal to [•]] 
[Entitlement 
Units; 
multiplied 
by 
the 
Entitlement Multiplier; [multiplied by the 
Weighting]; (if MFP Entitlement Amounts is 
not Applicable)] 
[Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying 
applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 6.1(a).]]

--- Page 842 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
842 
 
 
[Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying 
applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 6.1(b).]] 
 
[Delivery of the Underlying applicable:  
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 6.1(c).]] 
 
(b) 
[Relevant Asset(s): [The relevant asset to 
which the Notes relate [is/are] [•].]/[Not 
applicable] (N.B. Only applicable in relation 
to Physical Delivery Notes that are not Credit 
Linked Notes)] 
(c) 
[Entitlement Units: [[ ] unit[s] of the Relevant 
Asset[s] relating to the [Component which is [
 ]] [Underlying Reference] (where the 
intention is to deliver a basket, insert details of 
the units of the Relevant Asset[s] relating to 
each Component); [ 
]/ [Not applicable] 
(Not applicable where Entitlement stated 
above and definition not required. Where 
Entitlement 
Units 
are 
included, 
insert 
Entitlement Multiplier below where relevant)] 
(d) 
[Entitlement Multiplier: [ 
] [The quotient of 
[the Nominal Amount] [100] [ 
] 
(as 
numerator) 
and 
the 
Strike 
Level 
(as 
denominator) 
/ 
[Not 
applicable] 
(Not 
applicable where Entitlement stated above and 
definition not required. Where Entitlement 
Units 
are 
included, 
insert 
Entitlement 
Multiplier where relevant] 
(e) 
[The Entitlement will be evidenced by [insert 
details of how the Entitlement will be 
evidenced].]

--- Page 843 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
843 
 
 
(f) 
[The 
Entitlement 
will 
be 
[delivered] 
[Delivered] [insert details of the method of 
delivery of the Entitlement]. 
(g) 
[The manner in which the Issuer will deliver 
the relevant Entitlement and pay the cash 
adjustment and the dividends, if any, due to the 
Noteholder is detailed below: [●].]] / [[Subject 
to payment of any Expenses, the Entitlement 
will be delivered[, and any relevant cash 
adjustments will be made,] in accordance with 
the settlement procedures of the Clearing 
System [applicable at the time of delivery]] / 
[●]] (Applicable where “Alternative Physical 
Settlement” is specified as applicable. To 
include 
the 
relevant 
methods 
of 
delivery/payment of the assets/amounts due) 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Physical Delivery 
Notes) 
25. 
Exchange Rate 
[The applicable rate of exchange for conversion of any 
amount 
into 
the 
relevant 
[settlement 
currency]/[Settlement 
Currency 
or 
Calculation 
Currency, as applicable]12 for the purposes of 
determining the [Settlement Price (as defined in the 
relevant Annex to the Terms and Conditions)[,] [or] 
the Cash Settlement Amount (as defined in Base 
Condition 3)[,] [or] [the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined in Base Condition 8.5)] [,] 
[or][the Interest Amount(s)] is [insert rate of exchange 
and details of how and when such rate is to be 
ascertained]/[specify]/[Not applicable]. 
26. 
Settlement Currency: 
[[Dual Currency Notes: Applicable.] The settlement 
currency for the payment of [the Cash Settlement 
Amount] (in the case of Cash Settled Notes)/[the 
 
12 
Insert where Single Final Payout – Leverage Factor Notes is applicable

--- Page 844 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
844 
 
Settlement Disruption Amount] (in the case of 
Physical Delivery Notes) is [⚫]. 
[Settlement 
Currency 
Barrier 
Selection: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If 
Settlement 
Currency 
Barrier 
Selection 
is 
applicable:  
Applicable to: [Cash Settlement Amount] [and] 
[[Interest Amount]] 
First Settlement Currency: [specify] 
Second Settlement Currency: [specify] 
Settlement 
Currency 
Barrier 
Condition: 
[Less 
than]/[Less than or equal to]/[Greater than]/[Greater 
than or equal to]  
Settlement Price Date(s): [specify] 
Settlement Currency Barrier Rate(s): [specify]]  
27. 
Calculation Agent: 
The Calculation Agent is [●] / [Mediobanca Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S,p.A.] / (specify other). 
[Insert address of Calculation Agent] / [Piazzetta E. 
Cuccia, 1, 20121 Milan, Italy] 
28. 
Governing law: 
[English/Italian] law. [Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the 
Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended, are not 
applicable to the Notes.] 
PRODUCT SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
29. 
Hybrid Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 845 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
845 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this item 29) 
 
[If applicable: 
 
(a) 
The Notes are linked to each of the types of 
Underlying Reference (each a "Type of 
Underlying Reference") set out in the table 
below. The terms and conditions of the Notes 
will be construed on the basis that in respect of 
each separate Type of Underlying Reference, 
the relevant terms applicable to each such 
separate Type of Underlying Reference will 
apply, as the context admits, separately and 
independently in respect of the relevant Type 
of Underlying Reference[, subject as provided 
in (b) below]. 
 
[Include each Type of Underlying Reference] 
 
Type of Underlying Reference 
 
[⚫] 
[See item [⚫]] 
 
[⚫] 
[See item [⚫]] 
 
[⚫] 
[See item [⚫]] 
 
(b) 
Hybrid 
Business 
Day 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
"Hybrid Business Day" means a day which is 
a Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in the 
relevant Annex and completed in the

--- Page 846 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
846 
 
applicable Final Terms) for each specified 
Type of Underlying Reference.  
 
[If Hybrid Business Day is applicable, each 
date for valuation (e.g. valuation date, 
averaging date, observation date etc.) which is 
the subject of the Hybrid Notes provisions 
should be expressed to be "[⚫] or if that is not 
a Hybrid Business Day the immediately 
[succeeding/preceding] 
Hybrid 
Business 
Day"]] 
30. 
Index Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this item 30) 
(a) Index/Basket 
of 
Indices/Index 
Sponsor(s): 
[[Insert type of Index/Indices and] specify name of 
Index/Indices] 
[specify name of Index Sponsor(s)] 
 
[The [⚫] Index is a [Component Security]/[Multi-
Exchange] Index.]13 
(b) Index Currency: 
[specify]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
(d) Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
(e) Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index Basis] 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
 
13  
Specify each Component Security Index and/or Multi-Exchange Index (if any).

--- Page 847 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
847 
 
(f) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index Basis] 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(g) Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket of Indices to ascertain the Settlement Price 
is [⚫]. Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Annex 2 of the 
Conditions]/[specify other]. ]/[Not applicable] (N.B. 
Only applicable in relation to Notes relating to a 
Basket of Indices)] 
(h) Settlement Price: 
[Official opening level]/[Official closing level]/[level 
at the Valuation Time]/[Index Linked Note Condition 
9 (Futures Price Valuation) applies] 
[First Traded Price Applicable] 
(i) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[[As defined in Base Condition 3]/[specify] Scheduled 
Trading Days]. 
(j) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date /during the Observation 
Period.] [[•], being the time specified on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, for the calculation of the Settlement 
Price.] (N.B. If no time specified, the Valuation Time 
will be the Scheduled Closing Time)  
(k) Redemption Valuation Date; 
[specify] 
(l) 
Redemption on Occurrence of an Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 848 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
848 
 
[If applicable: Principal Protected Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]]  
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Index 
Linked Note Condition 3.2(c)(vi) applies] 
(m) Index Correction Period: 
[As per Index Linked Note Condition 1/specify] 
(n) Additional provisions applicable to 
Futures Price Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Rolling Futures Contract Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
[Related Hedging: Not applicable] 
(ii) Exchange-traded Contract: 
[specify]/[If the Index Linked Notes are Rolling 
Futures Contract Notes: Index Linked Note Condition 
9.2 applies] 
(iii) Delivery or expiry month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 849 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
849 
 
(Not applicable in the case of Index Linked Notes that 
are Rolling Futures Contract Notes) 
(iv) Period 
of 
Exchange-traded 
Contracts: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in case of Index Linked Notes that 
are Futures Rollover Notes) 
(v) Futures or Options Exchange: 
[specify] 
(vi) Futures Rollover [Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
(vii) 
First Traded Price: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[If First Traded Price is applicable: Relevant Time: 
[specify]] 
(viii) 
Relevant FTP Screen Page: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(ix) Relevant Futures or Options 
Exchange Website: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(x) Cut-off Time: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xi) Redemption on Occurrence of a 
Non-Commencement 
or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: Principal Protected Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]]

--- Page 850 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
850 
 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract constitutes a force majeure, Index 
Linked Note Condition 9.2(vi) applies] 
31. 
Share Linked Notes/ETI Share Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this item 31) 
 
[Share Linked Notes: [Applicable/Not applicable]]  
[ETI 
Share 
Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
(In the case of Hybrid Notes which are Share Linked 
Notes and ETI Share Linked Notes, repeat sub-
paragraphs (a) to (v) below for Share Linked Notes 
and ETI Linked Notes to which the ETI Share 
Provisions apply, as required) 
(a) Share(s)/Share 
Company/Basket 
Company/GDR/ADR/ETI 
Interest/Basket of ETI Interests: 
[insert type of Share(s) and Share Company/Basket 
Companies/ETI Interest(s) and ETI(s)] 
 
[GDR/ADR applicable]

--- Page 851 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
851 
 
[Insert details of GDR/ADR]14 
 
[Screen Page/Exchange Code: [specify]] 
 
[Stapled Shares applicable] 
[Insert details of Stapled Shares and Stapled Share 
Constituents] 15 
 
[China Connect applicable [in respect of each Share in 
respect of which the Eligible Country is China]]16 
(b) Relative Performance Basket: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
(Always specify as "Not applicable" where ETI Share 
Linked Notes is specified as applicable) 
(c) Share/ETI Interest Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(d) ISIN of Share(s)/ETI Interest(s): 
[specify] 
(e) Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
(f) Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
(g) Exchange Business Day: 
[Single [Share/ETI Interest] Basis/All [Shares/ETI 
Interest] Basis/Per [Share/ETI Interest] Basis] 
(h) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single [Share/ETI Interest] Basis/All [Shares/ETI 
Interest] Basis/Per [Share/ETI Interest] Basis] 
 
14 Specify each GDR or ADR (if any). In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a GDR/ADR, complete Share Linked Notes Final Terms 
as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s). 
15 Specify each Stapled Share Constituent comprising the Stapled Shares. In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to Stapled Shares, complete 
Share Linked Notes Final Terms as applicable for Stapled Shares reference asset(s). 
16 Not applicable for ETI Share Linked Notes.

--- Page 852 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
852 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(i) Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket of [Shares/ETI Interest] to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [⚫]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment [in accordance with Annex 
[3]/[4]/[specify other]. (N.B. Only applicable in 
relation to Notes relating to a Basket of Shares or a 
Basket of ETI Interests)] 
(j) Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Italian Securities Reference 
Price]17/[price at the Valuation Time]]  
[AQR: Applicable. The Settlement Price is [specify]] 
(k) Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Base Condition 3]/[specify] Scheduled 
Trading Days]. 
(l) Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring] / [specify other] and the 
relevant time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, is the][ Scheduled 
Closing Time as defined in Base Condition 3.] 
[specify] (N.B. If no Valuation Time is specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time as 
defined in Base Condition 3)] 
(m) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(n) Redemption on Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event: 
[Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Event: [Applicable /Not applicable/] 
[if applicable: 
 
17 Do not specify "Italian Securities Reference Price" in respect of ETI Linked Notes.

--- Page 853 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
853 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Extraordinary Event constitute a force majeure, [Share 
Linked Note Condition 5.2(b)(iii) or 5.2(c)(vi)] [ETI 
Linked Notes Condition 12.2(b)(iii) or 12.2(c)(vi)] 
applies] 
(o) Share Correction Period 
[As per Share Linked Note Condition 1/specify] 
(p) [Dividend Payment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]]18 
(q) Listing Change: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(r) Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(s) Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(t) Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]19 
 
18 Not applicable in respect of ETI Linked Notes. 
19 Only to be disapplied for Tokyo EQD Securities.

--- Page 854 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
854 
 
(u) [CSR Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]20 
(v) [China 
Connect 
Share 
Disqualification: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(w) China 
Connect 
Service 
Termination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]]21 
(x) Hedging Liquidity Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Maximum Hedging Liquidity Level: [[ 
] 
per 
cent.]/[As per Share Linked Note Condition 5.3]] 
(y) Dividend Protection: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[(N.B. Only applicable if Normal Performance 
applies to the Notes)]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Adjustments: 
If a Dividend Event occurs during the period from, the 
Issue Date, excluded, to the Maturity Date, included, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion, the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, adjust: 
[the Strike Level, the Cap Level and the Initial 
Reference Level by multiplying such levels by the 
Adjustment Factor K (rounded to the fourth decimal 
digit);] 
[●] 
 
20 Not applicable in respect of ETI Linked Notes. 
21 Only applicable if China Connect is applicable.

--- Page 855 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
855 
 
(ii) Cap Level 
[●] 
(iii) Scheduled Dividend: 
[The Scheduled Dividend is, for each Scheduled Ex-
Date specified below, an amount per Share equal to:] 
Scheduled 
Ex-Date 
Scheduled Dividend 
Amount 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
32. 
ETI Linked Notes 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this item 32) 
 
[ETI Share Provisions: [Applicable – see item 31 
(Share Linked Notes/ETI Share Linked Notes) 
above]/[Not applicable]] 
(If applicable and sub-paragraphs (a) to (ee) are not 
required for Hybrid Notes, delete sub-paragraphs (a) 
to (dd) and complete item 31 (Share Linked Notes/ETI 
Share Linked Notes) above.) 
(a) ETI/ETI Basket: 
[specify] 
(b) ETI Interest(s): 
[insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
(c) ETI Related Party: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify]

--- Page 856 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
856 
 
(d) ETI Documents: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(e) Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(f) Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
(g) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
(h) Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
(i) Calculation Date(s): 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(j) Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(k) Final Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(l) Hedging Date: 
[specify] /[Not applicable] 
(m) Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(n) Value per ETI Interest Trading Price 
Barrier: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(o) Number of Value Publication Days: 
[[⚫] calendar days] [[⚫] Value Business Days]/[Not 
applicable] 
[Value Business Day Centre(s): [specify]

--- Page 857 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
857 
 
(Only applicable if Number of Value Publication Days 
is calculated by reference to Value Business Days)] 
(p) Value Trigger Percentage: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(q) Value Trigger Period: 
[As per ETI Linked Note 1]/[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(r) Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(s) Settlement Price/Closing Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Value per ETI Interest]/ 
[price at the Valuation Time] 
(t) Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each ETI Interest 
comprising the ETI Basket is [specify]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(u) Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date] /[during the Observation 
Period].] [The Valuation Time is [●], being the time 
specified on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no time 
specified, the Valuation Time will be the Scheduled 
Closing Time). 
(v) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(w) Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(x) Additional Extraordinary ETI Event(s): 
[specify]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 858 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
858 
 
(y) Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [⚫].]/[Not 
applicable] 
(z) ETI Interest Correction Period: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1]/ [specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(aa) Termination Amount: 
[specify]/[Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[Non-Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[Highest 
Value]/[Market 
Value]/[Monetisation Option] 
(bb) Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(cc) Termination Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(dd) Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of 
an Extraordinary ETI Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(ee) [Protected Amount: 
[If Highest Value, Monetisation Option or Delayed 
Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI 
Event and Principal Protected Termination Amount 
are applicable: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount] 
33. 
Debt Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this item 33) 
(a) Debt Instruments: 
[specify] [Not applicable] [Not applicable – Synthetic 
Debt Instrument applies – see sub-paragraph (m)(iii) 
below] (Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation 
applicable)

--- Page 859 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
859 
 
(b) Settlement Price: 
[As per Debt Linked Note Condition 1]/[If Future 
Price Valuation is “Applicable”: as per Debt Linked 
Note Condition 6] 
(c) Nominal Amount: 
[The relevant nominal amount is [⚫] and the Relevant 
Screen Page is [⚫].] [Not applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(d) Reference Price: 
[The Reference Price[s] for [insert relevant Debt 
Instrument(s)] is/are the [bid price]/[mid price]/[offer 
price]/[bid yield]/[mid yield]/[offer yield].] [Not 
applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(e) Exchange Business Day Centre(s): 
[specify] 
(f) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(g) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(h) Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[[As defined in Base Condition 3]/[specify] Scheduled 
Trading Days.] [Not applicable] (Not applicable if 
Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(i) 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of 
Debt Instrument Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/ Not applicable] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Nominal Amount]]

--- Page 860 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
860 
 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(j) 
Debt Instrument Correction Period: 
[As per the Debt Linked Note Condition 11]/ 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(k) Debt Instrument Issuer: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(l) 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of Debt Instruments to 
ascertain the Settlement Price is [⚫]. Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment.] 
(i) Futures Price Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(ii) Rolling Futures Contract Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
(iii) Exchange-traded Contract: 
[Specify]/[If the Debt Linked Notes are Rolling 
Futures Contract Notes: Debt Linked Note Condition 
7 applies] 
(iv) Synthetic Debt Instrument: 
[Specify]/[If the Exchange-traded Contract relates to 
a Synthetic Debt Instrument, include description of the 
key terms of the synthetic debt instrument] / [Not 
applicable] 
(v) Delivery or expiry month: 
[Specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Not applicable in the case of Debt Linked Notes that 
are Rolling Futures Contract Notes)

--- Page 861 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
861 
 
(vi) Period 
of 
Exchange-traded 
Contracts: 
[Specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in the case of Debt Linked Notes that 
are Rolling Futures Contract Notes) 
(vii) Futures or Options Exchange: 
[Specify] 
(viii) 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[Specify] 
(ix) Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
a 
Non-
Commencement 
or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
If Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Nominal Amount] 
(x) Daily Settlement Price Correction 
Period: 
[As per the Debt Linked Note Condition 11][Specify] 
34. 
Commodity Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this item 34) 
(a) Commodity/Commodities/ Commodity 
Index/Commodity Indices: 
[specify 
Commodity/Commodities/Commodity 
Index/Commodity Indices] 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity [Index/Indices] 
[is/are] [⚫]]

--- Page 862 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
862 
 
(b) Pricing Date(s): 
[specify] 
(c) Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
(d) Final Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
(e) Commodity Reference Price: 
[specify] 
The Price Source is/are [⚫]22 
(f) Delivery Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(g) Nearby Month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(h) Specified Price: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(i) Exchange: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(j) Disruption Fallback(s): 
[specify]/[As per Commodity Linked Note Condition 
1] 
(k) Trading Disruption: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(l) Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the 
relevant time on [insert relevant date(s)].]/[specify] 
(m) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
 
22  
Delete if using automated Commodity Reference Prices.

--- Page 863 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
863 
 
(n) Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[specify] [[⚫] Commodity Business Days]23/[As per 
Commodity Linked Note Condition 1] 
(o) Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Commodity Basket is [specify] 
(p) Rolling Futures Contract Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Futures Rollover [Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
(q) Settlement 
following 
Market 
Disruption Event or Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Commodity 
Linked 
Note 
Condition 
3(c)(i)/4(b)(ii)(A) 
applies]/[Highest 
Value]/[Monetisation Option]/[Market Value] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Nominal Amount]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Market 
Disruption Event or Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event constitutes a force majeure, Commodity Linked 
Note Condition 3(c)(v) or 4(b)(ii)(E), respectively, 
applies]  
35. 
Inflation Index Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this item 35) 
(a) Inflation 
Index/Inflation 
Indices/Inflation Index Sponsor: 
[specify name of inflation index/indices] 
[specify name of inflation index sponsor(s)] 
 
23  
Only applicable in respect of Commodity Linked Notes linked to a single Commodity.

--- Page 864 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
864 
 
(b) Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
(c) Issuer of Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
(d) Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
(e) Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
(f) Settlement Price: 
[specify] 
(g) Substitute Inflation Index Level: 
[As determined in accordance with Annex 7 to the 
Conditions] [specify]. 
(h) Cut-off Date: 
In respect of a [Valuation Date], the day that is 
[specify] Business Days prior to such [Valuation 
Date]. 
(i) Valuation Date/Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
(j) Reference Month: 
[specify] 
(k) Currency Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(l) Inflation Index Level Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(m) Index Cancellation: 
[Inflation Index Linked Note Condition 4.7(b)(i) 
applies]/[Highest 
Value]/[Monetisation 
Option]/[Market Value]

--- Page 865 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
865 
 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Nominal Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index 
Cancellation constitutes a force majeure, Inflation 
Index Linked Note Condition 4.7(b)(v) applies] 
36. 
Currency Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this item 36) 
(a) Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(b) The relevant base currency (the "Base 
Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(c) The 
relevant 
alternative 
[currency/currencies] ([the]/[each a] 
"Alternative Currency") [is/are]: 
[specify] 
(d) Weighting: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(e) Price Source: 
[specify] 
(f) Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[specify]/[five] Scheduled Trading Days 
(g) Settlement Price: 
[specify] 
(h) Valuation Time: 
[specify]

--- Page 866 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
866 
 
(i) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
[Currency 
Convention: 
[As 
per 
Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] (N.B. Only applicable to Currency 
Linked Notes) 
(j) Redemption on Occurrence of a 
Disruption Event: 
[Illiquidity Disruption: Not applicable]  
[Disruption Event Postponement: Not applicable] 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[if applicable: Principal Protected Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]]  
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption 
Event constitutes a force majeure, Currency Linked 
Note Condition 3(b)(vi) applies] 
(k) Futures Price Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 867 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
867 
 
(i) Rolling Futures Contract Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) Exchange-traded Contract: 
[specify]/[If the Currency Linked Notes are Rolling 
Futures Contract Notes: Currency Linked Note 
Condition 6 applies] 
(iii) Currency Pair: 
[specify] 
(iv) ISIN: 
[specify] 
(v) Expiry month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Not applicable in the case of Currency Linked Notes 
that are Rolling Futures Contract Notes) 
(vi) Period 
of 
Exchange-traded 
Contract: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in the case of Currency Linked Notes 
that are Rolling Futures Contract Notes) 
(vii) 
Futures 
or 
Options 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
(Not applicable in the case of Currency Linked Notes 
that are not Rolling Futures Contract Notes) 
(ix) Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
a 
Non-
Commencement 
or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 868 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
868 
 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount] 
(x) Daily Settlement Price Correction 
Period: 
[As per Currency Linked Note Condition 5]/[specify] 
37. 
Fund Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this item 37) 
(a) Fund/Fund Basket/Fund Index/Fund 
Indices/Euro Fund: 
[specify 
Fund/Fund 
Basket/Fund 
Index/Fund 
Indices/Euro Fund] 
[The 
Fund 
Index 
Sponsor[s] 
of 
the 
Fund 
[Index/Indices] [is/are] [•]] 
[Fund Index Currency: [specify]] 
[The [•] Fund is a Mutual Fund] 
[The [•] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
[The [•] Fund is a Private Equity Fund] 
[[The [•] Fund is a Euro Fund] 
[The Insurance Company is [specify] 
Provisional Minimum Rate: [specify website] 
Gross Rate of Return: [specify website]

--- Page 869 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
869 
 
[Floor Rate of Return: Applicable – the Floor Rate of 
Return is [specify] 
Euro Fund Business Day Centre: [specify]] 
(If the Euro Fund Provisions are applicable delete 
items 38(b) to (j) and 38(l) to (z) below and complete 
items 38(k) and 38(aa))] 
 
[SC/FM Fund Events: Applicable] 
(b) Fund Share(s): 
[specify] 
(c) Fund Documents: 
[As per Fund Linked Notes Condition 1]/[specify] 
(d) Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis/Per Fund Share Basis/Single 
Fund Share Basis] 
(e) Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify]  
(f) Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(g) Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(h) Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(i) Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] 
(j) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(k) Hedging Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 870 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
870 
 
(l) AUM Level: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(m) NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(n) NAV Trigger Period:  
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(o) Number of NAV Publication Days: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(p) Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1] [specify] 
(q) Termination Amount: 
[Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[Non-
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[Specify]/[Market 
Value]/[Highest 
Value]/[Monetisation Option] 
[Fund Event Force Majeure: Applicable] 
(r) Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(s) Termination Date: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1] [specify] 
(t) Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of 
an Extraordinary Fund Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(u) Delayed Payment Cut-off Date: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(v) Fund Event Force Majeure 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(w) Settlement Price: 
[NAV per Fund Share][The sum of the values 
calculated in respect of each Basket Component as the

--- Page 871 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
871 
 
NAV per Fund Share of such Basket Component 
multiplied by the relevant Weighting] 
(x) [Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each Fund Share 
comprising the Fund Basket is [specify]] 
(y) [Protected Amount: 
[If Highest Value, Monetisation Option or Delayed 
Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund 
Event and Principal Protected Termination Amount 
are applicable: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount] 
(z) Redemption on Occurrence of a Fund 
Index Adjustment Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Fund Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: Principal Protected Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]]  
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Fund Index 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Fund 
Linked Note Condition 6(iv)(F) applies]] 
(aa) [Redemption on Occurrence of an  
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event: 
[Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[If applicable: Principal Protected Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]]

--- Page 872 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
872 
 
[If Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event and Principal 
Protected Termination Amount are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount]] 
38. 
Futures Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this item 38) 
(a) Future(s): 
[insert type of Future(s)] 
(b) Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
(c) Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Futures Basis/Per Futures 
Basis] 
(d) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Futures Basis/Per Futures 
Basis] 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(e) Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[price at the Valuation Time] 
(f) Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket to ascertain the Settlement Price is [⚫]. 
Each such Weighting shall be subject to adjustment 
[in 
accordance 
with 
Annex 
10 
to 
the 
Conditions]/[specify other].]/[Not applicable] (N.B. 
Only applicable in relation to Notes relating to a 
Basket)

--- Page 873 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
873 
 
(g) Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Base Condition 3]/[[specify] Scheduled 
Trading Days]. 
(h) Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the 
relevant time on the Valuation Date, Observation Date 
or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is the 
Scheduled Closing Time as defined in Base Condition 
3.] [specify] (N.B. If no Valuation Time is specified, 
the Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing 
Time as defined in Base Condition 3)] 
(i) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(j) Futures Correction Period: 
[As per Futures Linked Note Conditions 1]/[specify] 
(k) Redemtpion on Occurrence of a Futures 
Adjustment Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Futures 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount]

--- Page 874 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
874 
 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Futures 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Futures 
Linked Note Condition 3.1(b)(vi) applies] 
39. 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this item 39) 
[(A) Combination Credit Linked Notes: 
Credit Component 1: 
[Principal Component/Interest Component/Principal 
and Interest Component] (Include if principal and 
interest 
have 
different 
credit-linkage, 
delete 
otherwise) 
[Component Percentage: [●]%] (Include if portions of 
principal and/or interest have different credit linkage) 
(a) 
Type of Credit Linked Notes: (Specify all that 
apply) 
 
(i) 
Single Reference Entity Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(ii) 
Nth-to-Default 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
 
[N: [•] 
 
Multiple Default Trigger: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[M: [•]] 
 
Substitution: [Applicable] [Not applicable]]

--- Page 875 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
875 
 
(iii) 
Zero Recovery Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
 
Distribution End Date: [•] [Not applicable] 
[For this purpose, [Distribution Period Redemption] 
[Redemption at Maturity] [Distribution Period Event 
Determination Date Disapplication] shall apply. ]] 
(v) 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
 
[Attachment Point: [•] 
 
Exhaustion Point: [•] 
 
Incurred Recoveries: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(b) 
Credit Linkage 
 
(i) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[[•]/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms] 
(Delete if Credit Linked Notes are linked to an index 
of Reference Entities) 
[Index Credit Linked Notes:  
Relevant Annex: [•] 
Index Sponsor: [•]] (Include if Credit Linked Notes are 
linked to an index of Reference Entities)

--- Page 876 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
876 
 
(ii) 
Transaction Type: 
[Standard North American Corporate]/[Standard 
European Corporate]/[Standard European Financial 
Corporate]/[Standard European CoCo Financial 
Corporate]/[Standard European Senior Non-Preferred 
Financial 
Corporate]/[Standard 
Subordinated 
European Insurance Corporate]/[Standard Emerging 
European 
Corporate 
LPN]/[Standard 
Emerging 
European Corporate]/[Standard Latin American 
Corporate 
BL]/[Standard 
Australia 
[Financial] 
Corporate]/[Standard 
New 
Zealand 
[Financial] 
Corporate]/[Standard 
Japan 
[Financial] 
Corporate]/[Standard 
Singapore 
[Financial] 
Corporate]/[Standard 
Asia 
[Financial] 
Corporate]/[Standard Sukuk Corporate]/[Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign]/[Standard 
Latin 
America Sovereign]/[Standard Emerging European & 
Middle 
Eastern 
Sovereign]/[Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign]/[Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign]/[Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign]/[Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign]/[Standard 
Asia 
Sovereign]/[Standard Sukuk Sovereign]/[Standard 
U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit]/[Standard U.S. 
Municipal General Fund]/[Standard U.S. Municipal 
Revenue]/[⚫]/[As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
(iii) 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
[[With respect to [•]: (Delete if single Reference 
Entity, specify in respect of each entity if multiple 
Reference Entities)] [⚫]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Note Conditions]/[As specified in the Exhibit to the 
Final Terms] [As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
(iv) 
Reference Entity Weighting: 
[⚫]/[As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms]/[As specified in the Relevant Annex] [Not 
applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable)

--- Page 877 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
877 
 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(Delete the below if not applicable) 
[Standard Reference Obligation as of the 
date of Final Terms:] (Include if SRO is set 
out in Final Terms for information) 
[[With respect to [•]: (Delete if single 
Reference Entity, specify in respect of each 
entity if multiple Reference Entities)]: 
Primary obligor: [⚫] 
Guarantor of the Reference Obligation: [⚫] 
Maturity of the Reference Obligation: [⚫] 
Coupon of the Reference Obligation: [⚫] 
CUSIP/ISIN of the Reference Obligation: [⚫] 
Seniority Level: [Senior Level] [Subordinated Level] 
[⚫] [Not applicable] 
Original issue amount of the Reference Obligation: 
[⚫] 
/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms/As 
specified in the Relevant Annex] 
(vi) 
Credit Linked Interest Only: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (Do not apply for Hybrid 
Credit Linked Notes, where exclusive of credit linkage 
is expressed as an Excluded Item) 
(vii) 
Credit Linked Principal Only: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (Do not apply for Hybrid 
Credit Linked Notes, where exclusive of credit linkage 
is expressed as an Excluded Item)

--- Page 878 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
878 
 
(c) 
Terms relating to Credit Event Settlement 
 
(i) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction 
Settlement]/[Auction 
Settlement 
(Leveraged)]/[Cash 
Settlement]/[Cash 
Settlement 
(Leveraged)]/[Physical Settlement]/[Not applicable – 
the Credit Linked Notes are Zero Recovery Credit 
Linked Notes] 
[Principal Protection Level: [[•]%/Not applicable]] 
(May be deleted if principal protection is not 
applicable)  
[Leverage: [[●]/Not applicable]] (Include only if 
Auction Settlement (Leveraged) or Cash Settlement 
(Leveraged) is applicable as the Settlement Method)  
[Terms relating to Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: [•]%/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Quotation Amount: [•]/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: [•]/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: [•]/As per the 
Credit Linked Note Conditions] (Include if Cash 
Settlement is applicable as the Settlement Method) 
[Terms relating to Cash Settlement (Leveraged): 
Final Price: [•]%/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions]

--- Page 879 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
879 
 
Quotation Amount: [•]/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: [•]/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: [•]/As per the 
Credit Linked Note Conditions] (Include if Cash 
Settlement (Leveraged) is applicable as the Settlement 
Method) 
[Terms relating to Physical Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: [•]/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions] (Include if Physical 
Settlement applicable as the Settlement Method) 
[Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash 
Settlement/Physical Settlement/Not applicable] 
[Terms relating to Fallback Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: [•]%/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Quotation Amount: [•]/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: [•]/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: [•]/As per the 
Credit Linked Note Conditions] (Include if Cash 
Settlement applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method) 
[Terms relating to Fallback Physical Settlement:

--- Page 880 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
880 
 
Physical Settlement Period: [•]/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions] (Include if Physical 
Settlement applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method)  
(ii) 
Credit Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Settlement at Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Settlement Currency 
[As per the Credit Linked Note Conditions/[⚫]] 
(d) 
Miscellaneous Credit Terms 
 
(i) 
Merger Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
 
[Merger Event Redemption Date: [●] 
Merger 
Type: 
[Reference 
Entity/Holders 
Merger][Reference Entity/Issuer Merger]] 
(ii) 
Credit Event Backstop Date   
[As per the Credit Linekd Note Conditions] [The date 
that is 60 calendar days prior to the Issue Date] [Issue 
Date] [⚫] 
(iii) 
Credit Observation Period End Date: 
[Applicable: [⚫]] [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Principal Protection Level: 
[⚫] 
(v) 
CoCo Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the Exhibit 
to the Final Terms/As set out in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Transaction Type]

--- Page 881 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
881 
 
[Delete if CoCo Supplement is not applicable] 
[Trigger Percentage: [⚫] [As specified in the Exhibit 
to the Final Terms] [As specified in the Relevant 
Annex] [As per the Credit Linked Note Conditions]] 
(vi) 
LPN Reference Entities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[•]/As specified in the 
Exhibit to the Final Terms/As specified in the 
Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction Type] 
(vii) 
NTCE Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the Exhibit 
to the Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Transaction Type] 
[Where NTCE Provisions are applicable:] 
[Fallback 
Discounting: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex/As per the 
Transaction Type]] 
[Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/.Not 
applicable/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex/As per the 
Transaction Type]] 
(viii) Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event: 
Accrual to: [Interest Payment Date/Interest Period 
End Date/Event Determination Date] 
(ix) 
Interest 
following 
Scheduled 
Maturity: 
[Deposit Rate/[•]/Not applicable] 
(x) 
Hybrid Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(Delete below if not applicable)

--- Page 882 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
882 
 
Event Determination Date Overrides Automatic Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Credit Linked Calculation Basis: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[Excluded Items: [Item 22 (Final Payout) (Include 
Item 22 (Final Payout) as an Excluded Item where the 
Final Payout overrides Item 39 (Credit Linked 
Notes))] [•]] (Delete if not applicable) 
(xi) 
Bonus Coupon Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(Delete below if not applicable)  
[Bonus Coupon Rate: [•] 
Outstanding 
Bonus 
Coupon 
Rate 
Method: 
[Standard/Averaging] 
Bonus Coupon Accrual Basis: [Running Basis/Final 
Payment] 
Bonus Coupon Payment Date(s): [[•]/Final Settlement 
Date only] 
Bonus Coupon Day Count Fraction: [•] 
Bonus Coupon Determination Date: [•] [e.g. Two 
Business Days prior to Bonus Coupon Payment Date] 
Bonus Coupon Attachment Point: [•] 
Bonus Coupon Exhaustion Point: [•] 
Bonus Coupon Implicit Portfolio Size: [•]]

--- Page 883 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
883 
 
(xii) 
Additional 
Credit 
Linked 
Note 
Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Change in Law: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Hedging Disruption: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
(xiii) Change in Standard Terms and 
Market Conventions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xiv) Hedging Link Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xv) 
Calculation 
and 
Settlement 
Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xvi) Additional Credit Provisions: 
[[•]/Not applicable] 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[(B) Combination Credit Linked Notes: Credit 
Component 2: 
[Principal Component/Interest Component/Principal 
and Interest Component] (Include if principal and 
interest 
have 
different 
credit-linkage, 
delete 
otherwise) 
[Component Percentage: [●]%] (Include if portions of 
principal and/or interest have different credit linkage)

--- Page 884 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
884 
 
(a) 
Type of Credit Linked Notes: (Specify all 
that apply) 
 
(i) 
Single 
Reference 
Entity 
Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(ii) 
Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
 
[N: [•] 
 
Multiple Default Trigger: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[M: [•]] 
 
Substitution: [Applicable] [Not applicable]] 
(iii) 
Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
 
Distribution End Date: [•] [Not applicable] 
[For this purpose, [Distribution Period Redemption] 
[Redemption at Maturity] [Distribution Period Event 
Determination Date Disapplication] shall apply. ]] 
(v) 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
 
[Attachment Point: [•]

--- Page 885 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
885 
 
 
Exhaustion Point: [•] 
 
Incurred Recoveries: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(b) 
Credit Linkage 
 
(i) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[[•]/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms] 
(Delete if Credit Linked Notes are linked to an index 
of Reference Entities) 
[Index Credit Linked Notes:  
Relevant Annex: [•] 
Index Sponsor: [•]] (Include if Credit Linked Notes are 
linked to an index of Reference Entities) 
(ii) 
Transaction Type: 
[Standard North American Corporate]/[Standard 
European Corporate]/[Standard European Financial 
Corporate]/[Standard European CoCo Financial 
Corporate]/[Standard European Senior Non-Preferred 
Financial 
Corporate]/[Standard 
Subordinated 
European Insurance Corporate]/[Standard Emerging 
European 
Corporate 
LPN]/[Standard 
Emerging 
European Corporate]/[Standard Latin American 
Corporate 
BL]/[Standard 
Australia 
[Financial] 
Corporate]/[Standard 
New 
Zealand 
[Financial] 
Corporate]/[Standard 
Japan 
[Financial] 
Corporate]/[Standard 
Singapore 
[Financial] 
Corporate]/[Standard 
Asia 
[Financial] 
Corporate]/[Standard Sukuk Corporate]/[Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign]/[Standard 
Latin 
America Sovereign]/[Standard Emerging European & 
Middle 
Eastern 
Sovereign]/[Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign]/[Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign]/[Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign]/[Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign]/[Standard 
Asia

--- Page 886 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
886 
 
Sovereign]/[Standard Sukuk Sovereign]/[Standard 
U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit]/[Standard U.S. 
Municipal General Fund]/[Standard U.S. Municipal 
Revenue]/[⚫]/[As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
(iii) 
Reference Entity Notional Amount: 
[[With respect to [•]: (Delete if single Reference 
Entity, specify in respect of each entity if multiple 
Reference Entities)] [⚫]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Note Conditions]/[As specified in the Exhibit to the 
Final Terms] [As specified in the Relevant Annex] 
(iv) 
Reference Entity Weighting: 
[⚫]/[As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms]/[As specified in the Relevant Annex] [Not 
applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(Delete the below if not applicable) 
 
[Standard Reference Obligation as of the date of Final 
Terms:] (Include if SRO is set out in Final Terms for 
information) 
[[With respect to [•]: (Delete if single Reference 
Entity, specify in respect of each entity if multiple 
Reference Entities)]: 
 
Primary obligor: [⚫] 
 
Guarantor of the Reference Obligation: [⚫] 
 
Maturity of the Reference Obligation: [⚫] 
 
Coupon of the Reference Obligation: [⚫] 
 
CUSIP/ISIN of the Reference Obligation: [⚫]

--- Page 887 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
887 
 
 
Seniority Level: [Senior Level] [Subordinated Level] 
[⚫] [Not applicable] 
 
Original issue amount of the Reference Obligation: 
[⚫] 
 
/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms/As 
specified in the Relevant Annex] 
(vi) 
Credit Linked Interest Only: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (Do not apply for Hybrid 
Credit Linked Notes, where exclusive of credit linkage 
is expressed as an Excluded Item) 
(vii) Credit Linked Principal Only: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (Do not apply for Hybrid 
Credit Linked Notes, where exclusive of credit linkage 
is expressed as an Excluded Item) 
(c) 
Terms relating to Credit Event Settlement 
 
(i) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction 
Settlement] 
/[Auction 
Settlement 
(Leveraged)]/[Cash Settlement] /[Cash Settlement 
(Leveraged)]/[Physical Settlement]/[Not applicable – 
the Credit Linked Notes are Zero Recovery Credit 
Linked Notes] 
[Principal Protection Level: [[•]%/Not applicable]] 
(May be deleted if principal protection is not 
applicable)  
[Leverage: [[●]/Not applicable]] (Include only if 
Auction Settlement (Leveraged) or Cash Settlement 
(Leveraged) is applicable as the Settlement Method)  
[Terms relating to Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: [•]%/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions]

--- Page 888 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
888 
 
Quotation Amount: [•]/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: [•]/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: [•]/As per the 
Credit Linked Note Conditions] (Include if Cash 
Settlement applicable as the Settlement Method) 
[Terms relating to Cash Settlement (Leveraged): 
Final Price: [•]%/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Quotation Amount: [•]/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: [•]/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: [•]/As per the 
Credit Linked Note Conditions] (Include if Cash 
Settlement (Leveraged) is applicable as the Settlement 
Method) 
[Terms relating to Physical Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: [•]/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions] (Include if Physical 
Settlement applicable as the Settlement Method) 
[Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash 
Settlement/Physical Settlement/Not applicable] 
[Terms relating to Fallback Cash Settlement:

--- Page 889 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
889 
 
Final Price: [•]%/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Quotation Amount: [•]/As per the Credit Linked Note 
Conditions] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: [•]/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: [•]/As per the 
Credit Linked Note Conditions] (Include if Cash 
Settlement applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method) 
[Terms relating to Fallback Physical Settlement: 
Physical Settlement Period: [•]/As per the Credit 
Linked Note Conditions] (Include if Physical 
Settlement applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method)  
(ii) 
Credit Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Settlement at Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Settlement Currency 
[As per the Credit Linked Note Conditions/[⚫]] 
(d) 
Miscellaneous Credit Terms 
 
(i) 
Merger Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
 
[Merger Event Redemption Date: [●]

--- Page 890 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
890 
 
Merger 
Type: 
[Reference 
Entity/Holders 
Merger][Reference Entity/Issuer Merger]] 
(ii) 
Credit Event Backstop Date   
[As per the Credit Linekd Note Conditions] [The date 
that is 60 calendar days prior to the Issue Date] [Issue 
Date] [⚫] 
(iii) 
Credit Observation Period End 
Date: 
[Applicable: [⚫]] [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Principal Protection Level: 
[⚫] 
(v) 
CoCo Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the Exhibit 
to the Final Terms/As set out in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Transaction Type] 
[Delete if CoCo Supplement is not applicable] 
[Trigger Percentage: [⚫] [As specified in the Exhibit 
to the Final Terms] [As specified in the Relevant 
Annex] [As per the Credit Linked Note Conditions]] 
(vi) 
LPN Reference Entities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[•]/As specified in the 
Exhibit to the Final Terms/As specified in the 
Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction Type] 
(vii) 
NTCE Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the Exhibit 
to the Final Terms/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Transaction Type] 
[Where NTCE Provisions are applicable:] 
[Fallback 
Discounting: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex/As per the 
Transaction Type]]

--- Page 891 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
891 
 
[Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/.Not 
applicable/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex/As per the 
Transaction Type]] 
(viii) 
Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event: 
Accrual to: [Interest Payment Date/Interest Period 
End Date/Event Determination Date] 
(ix) 
Interest 
following 
Scheduled 
Maturity: 
[Deposit Rate/[•]/Not applicable] 
(x) 
Hybrid Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(Delete below if not applicable)  
Event Determination Date Overrides Automatic Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Credit Linked Calculation Basis: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[Excluded Items: [Item 22 (Final Payout) (Include 
Item 22 (Final Payout) as an Excluded Item where the 
Final Payout overrides Item 39 (Credit Linked 
Notes))] [•]] (Delete if not applicable) 
(xi) 
Bonus 
Coupon 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(Delete below if not applicable)  
[Bonus Coupon Rate: [•] 
Outstanding 
Bonus 
Coupon 
Rate 
Method: 
[Standard/Averaging]

--- Page 892 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
892 
 
Bonus Coupon Accrual Basis: [Running Basis/Final 
Payment] 
Bonus Coupon Payment Date(s): [[•]/Final Settlement 
Date only] 
Bonus Coupon Day Count Fraction: [•] 
Bonus Coupon Determination Date: [•] [e.g. Two 
Business Days prior to Bonus Coupon Payment Date] 
Bonus Coupon Attachment Point: [•] 
Bonus Coupon Exhaustion Point: [•] 
Bonus Coupon Implicit Portfolio Size: [•]] 
(xii) 
Additional Credit Linked Note 
Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Change in Law: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Hedging Disruption: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
(xiii) 
Change in Standard Terms and 
Market Conventions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xiv) 
Hedging Link Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xv) 
Calculation 
and 
Settlement 
Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 893 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
893 
 
(xvi) 
Additional Credit Provisions: 
[[•]/Not applicable] 
40. 
Interest Rate Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this item 40.) 
(a) Underlying 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
"Underlying Interest Rate1:") 
(b) Manner in which the Underlying 
Interest Rate is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) [Underlying 
Reference 
Rate: 
[EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [SARON] 
[CMS] [specify] 
(ii) Specified Duration: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(iii) Specified Time: 
 [specify] 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR)

--- Page 894 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
894 
 
(iv) Observation Period: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(v) Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [ ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/ SIX 
Business Days/Not Applicable] (NB: A minimum of 5 
should be specified for the Lag Period or Observation 
Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent)][●] [Not Applicable] 
(vi) D: 
[360/365/[ ]] / [Not Applicable] 
(vii) Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
Relevant 
Currency: 
[specify] 
(ix) Reference Banks 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(x) Relevant 
Financial 
Centre 
[●] [For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-
zone means the region comprised of the countries 
whose lawful currency is the euro/other (give details)] 
(xi) Designated Maturity 
[specify] [Not applicable]] 
(B) 
ISDA Determination 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) [Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
(ii) Designated Maturity: 
[specify]

--- Page 895 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
895 
 
(iii) Reset Date: 
[specify]] 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(iv) Calculation Start Date: 
[●] [A day that falls [●] [weeks / months] prior to the 
Underlying Interest Determination Date, subject to the 
Business Day Convention] 
(v) Overnight Floating Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) Index 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(vii) Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(I) OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(II) Compounding with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable Lookback: [•] Applicable Business 
Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(III) Compounding with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
/  
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 896 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
896 
 
(IV) Compounding with 
Lockout: 
Applicable 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / [Applicable 
Business Days]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(V) Daily Capped Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(VI) Daily Floored Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(I) Overnight Averaging: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(II) Averaging with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(III) Averaging with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(IV) Averaging with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / [Applicable 
Business Days]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(V) Daily Capped Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(VI) Daily Floored Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 897 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
897 
 
(ix) Index Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(I) [All-in Compounded 
Index Method] 
Applicable 
(II) Compounded Index 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(III) Compounded Index 
Method with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(x) Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable, with the specified number of days being 
[•] Business Days] / [Not Applicable] 
(xi) ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(c) Underlying Margin(s): 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) Minimum Underlying Reference Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) Maximum Underlying Reference Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
"Underlying Interest Rate2:" and repeat items 41(b) to 
(e)].  
 
(Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.)

--- Page 898 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
898 
 
41. 
[Instalment Notes: 
The Notes [are/are not] Instalment Notes. 
[The Instalment Notes [are/are not] Instalment Notes 
(with NA Adjustment)] 
(If the Notes are not Instalment Notes, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this item 41) 
(i) Instalment Amount(s) 
[specify] 
[NA × Instalment Percentage  
Instalment Percentage: [⚫] per cent.] 
(specify Instalment Percentage in respect of each 
Instalment Date, if different.) 
(i) Instalment Date(s): 
[specify]] 
42. 
Additional Disruption Events and Optional 
Additional Disruption Events: 
(a) Additional Disruption Events: [Applicable/Not 
applicable]/[[Change in Law/Hedging Disruption] 
does not apply to the Notes] 
[Change in Law – Hedge Maintenance Cost: Not 
applicable] 
(b) [Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies. N.B. 
Optional Additional Disruption Events are 
applicable to certain Index Linked Notes, Share 
Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes and Commodity 
Linked Notes. Careful consideration should be

--- Page 899 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
899 
 
given to whether Optional Additional Disruption 
Events would apply for Debt Linked Notes, 
Currency Linked Notes and Fund Linked Notes 
and, if so, the relevant definitions will require 
amendment.) 
 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event]  
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Share Linked 
Notes) 
 
[Cancellation Event] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Debt Linked 
Notes) 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [5] per cent.]] 
 
[Currency Event] 
 
[Extraordinary External Event] 
 
[Jurisdiction Event 
 
Hedging Arrangements: Not applicable] 
 
[Significant Alteration Event]

--- Page 900 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
900 
 
 
[Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Physical 
Delivery Notes – Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity is applicable to certain Share Linked 
Notes. Careful consideration should be given to 
whether Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity would 
apply to other Physical Delivery Notes)  
 
[Hedging Party Default]  
 
(c) [The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify 
in 
relation 
to 
each 
relevant 
Share/Security] is [⚫]. 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant Share/Security] is [⚫]. 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
 
(d) Redemption: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
 
[if applicable: 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 901 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
901 
 
[Market Value: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Monetisation 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, 
Highest Value or Monetisation Option are 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. 
of the Nominal Amount]] 
43. 
Knock-in Event24: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
[specify]/["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less 
than"/"less 
than 
or 
equal 
to"/"within"/"outside"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this item 43) 
(a) Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
[If Knock-in Valuation is not applicable and the Notes 
are Currency Linked Notes, specify if FX Knock-in 
Valuation is applicable.] 
(b) FX Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If FX Knock-in Valuation is applicable, insert 
relevant provisions from Conditions.] 
 
24 Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Currency Linked 
Notes, Debt Linked Notes, Futures Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes.

--- Page 902 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
902 
 
 
[FX 
Coupon 
Performance: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(c) Level: 
[Official level]/[Official close]/[last price]/[traded 
price]/[bid price]/[asked price]/[Standard Level]/[Not 
applicable] 
(d) Knock-in Level/Knock-in Range Level: 
[specify][FX Knock-in Level] 
 
[If FX Knock-in Level is specified insert relevant 
provisions from Conditions] 
(e) Knock-in Period Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(f) Knock-in Period Beginning Date Day 
Convention:  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(g) Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in Base Condition 14.7] 
(h) Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/ Commodity 
Business Day/Fund Business Day/Business Day] in 
the Knock-in Determination Period]/[Each [MFP 
Valution Date/MFP Valuation Date in MFP Valuation 
Period/MFP Valuation Date indicated as such within 
the Knock-in Determination Period] 
(i) Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(j) Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 903 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
903 
 
(k) Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify/See 
definition 
in 
Base 
Condition 
14.7]/[Valuation Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day]/[Not applicable] 
(l) Knock-in Observation Price Source: 
[specify] 
(m) Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
44. 
Knock-out Event25: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
[specify]/["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less 
than"/"less 
than 
or 
equal 
to"/"within"/"outside"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this item 44) 
(a) Knock-out Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
[If Knock-out Valuation is not applicable and the 
Notes are Currency Linked Notes, specify if FX 
Knock-out Valuation is applicable.] 
(b) FX Knock-out Valuation 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If FX Knock-out Valuation is applicable, insert 
relevant provisions from Conditions.] 
 
25 Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Currency Linked 
Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes and Futures Linked Notes.

--- Page 904 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
904 
 
 
[FX 
Coupon 
Performance: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(c) Level: 
[Official level]/[Official close]/[last price]/[traded 
price]/[bid price]/[asked price]/[Standard Level]/[Not 
applicable] 
(d) Knock-out Level /Knock-out Range 
Level: 
[specify][FX Knock-out Level] 
 
[If FX Knock-out Level is specified insert relevant 
provisions from Conditions] 
(e) Knock-out Period Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(f) Knock-out Period Beginning Date Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(g) Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in Base Condition 14.7] 
(h) Knock-out Determination Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/ Commodity 
Business Day/Fund Business Day/Business Day] in 
the Knock-out Determination Period]/[Each [MFP 
Valution Date/MFP Valuation Date in MFP Valuation 
Period/MFP Valuation Date indicated as such within 
the Knock-out Determination Period] 
(i) Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(j) Knock-out Period Ending Date Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable/ Not applicable]

--- Page 905 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
905 
 
(k) Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See definition in Base Condition 14.7] [Any 
time on a Knock-out Determination Day]/[Valuation 
Time]/[Not applicable] 
(l) Knock-out Observation Price Source: 
[specify] 
(m) Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
45. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTERESTS (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
(a) Interest: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs under this paragraph) 
(in case Additional Coupons are provided for, repeat 
all the relevant items in the Final Terms necessary to 
calculate such Additional Coupons) 
[Coupon Switch: [Applicable / Not applicable]] 
 
[If applicable: 
 
[Coupon Switch Election: Applicable]/[Automatic 
Coupon Switch: Applicable]/[Target Switch Coupon: 
Applicable]  
[insert relevant provisions from Conditions]] 
 
Pre-Switch Coupon: [specify Interest Basis] - [Fixed 
Rate]/[Floating Rate]/[Structured Rate]: [MFP Fixed 
Coupon]/[MFP 
Floating 
Coupon]/[MFP 
Mixed 
Coupon]/[MFP Digital Coupon]/[MFP Additional 
Digital Coupon]/[MFP Double Digital Coupon]/[MFP 
Corridor Digital Coupon]/[MFP Memory Snowball

--- Page 906 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
906 
 
Digital Coupon]/[MFP Range Accrual Coupon]/[MFP 
– Digital Mixed Coupon]/[MFP – Double Digital 
Mixed Coupon]/[MFP Ratchet Coupon]/[MFP Best 
Entry Coupon]/[Weighted Mixed Coupon]/[Max 
Mixed Coupon]/[Single FX Vanilla Coupon]/[Single 
FI 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Single 
FX 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Range Accrual Coupon]/[Single FX Range 
Accrual 
Coupon]/[Single 
FX 
Memory 
Coupon]/[Multiple 
Combination 
Floater 
Coupon]/[PRDC Coupon]/[Single FI Digital Floor 
Coupon]/[Single FI Digital Cap Coupon]/[Single FI 
Target Coupon]/[Duration Adjusted Coupon]/[FX 
Wedding 
Cake 
Interest]/[Underlying 
Linked 
Interest]/[Differential Linked Interest] (see items 
[specify] below) 
 
Post-Switch Coupon: [specify Interest Basis] - [Fixed 
Rate]/[Floating Rate]/[Linked Interest]: [MFP Fixed 
Coupon]/[MFP 
Floating 
Coupon]/[MFP 
Mixed 
Coupon]/[MFP Digital Coupon]/[MFP Additional 
Digital 
Coupon]/ 
[MFP 
Double 
Digital 
Coupon]/[MFP Corridor Digital Coupon]/[MFP 
Memory Snowball Digital Coupon]/[MFP Range 
Accrual 
Coupon]/[MFP 
– 
Digital 
Mixed 
Coupon]/[MFP 
– 
Double 
Digital 
Mixed 
Coupon]/[MFP Ratchet Coupon]/[MFP Best Entry 
Coupon]/[Weighted Mixed Coupon]/[Max Mixed 
Coupon]/[Single FX Vanilla Coupon]/[Single FI 
Digital Coupon]/[Single FX Digital Coupon]/[Range 
Accrual 
Coupon]/[Single 
FX 
Range 
Accrual 
Coupon]/[Single FX Memory Coupon]/[Multiple 
Combination 
Floater 
Coupon]/[PRDC 
Coupon]/[Single FI Digital Floor Coupon]/[Single FI 
Digital 
Cap 
Coupon]/[Single 
FI 
Target 
Coupon]/[Duration Adjusted Coupon]/[FX Wedding 
Cake 
Interest]/[Underlying 
Linked 
Interest]/[Differential 
Linked 
Interest] 
[(insert 
relevant provisions, replicating relevant prompts from 
this item and items below as applicable)

--- Page 907 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
907 
 
 
Additional 
Switch 
Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] [If applicable: [Specify] [Nominal Amount 
× [⚫]%]] 
 
Coupon Switch Date[s]: [Specify]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Interest Barrier Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[[If applicable: [An Interest Barrier Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred if [●].] 
No Further Interests: [Applicable] [Not applicable] 
No Interests for Interest Period: [Applicable] [Not 
applicable] 
Interest Barrier Level: [●] with reference to [the 
Interest Barrier Observation Date falling on [●] / the 
Interest Barrier Observation Period [●]] 
(specify each Interest Barrier Level if the Interest 
Barrier Level varies for each Interest Barrier 
Observation Date or Interest Barrier Observation 
Period) 
[Interest Barrier Observation Date: [Not applicable] 
[●] 
[Interest Barrier Observation Period: [Not applicable] 
[●]] 
[Interest Payment Condition: [Applicable] [Not 
applicable] 
[[If applicable: [An Interest Payment Condition shall

--- Page 908 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
908 
 
be deemed to have occurred if [●]. 
(in case of Leveraged Notes insert related provisions 
from Conditions) 
[Interest Payment Condition Level: [●] [Not 
applicable]   
(specify each Interest Payment Condition Level if the 
Interest Payment Condition Level varies for each 
Interest Payment Condition Observation Date or 
Interest Payment Condition Observation Period)  
[Interest Payment Condition Observation Date(s): [●] 
[Not applicable] 
[Interest Payment Condition Observation Period: [●] 
[Not applicable] 
(i) Interest Period(s): 
[specify] 
(ii) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[specify] / [Not applicable] 
(iii) Business Day Convention for Interest 
Period End Date(s): 
[Not 
applicable] 
/ 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding/Modified 
Preceding/Not 
applicable] [•] (repeat if necessary with reference to 
different Interest Period End Date(s)) 
(iv) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] 
[Record Date(s): [•]] 
(v) Business Day Convention for Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding/Modified 
Preceding/Not applicable] [•] (repeat if necessary 
with reference to different Interest Payment Date(s))

--- Page 909 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
909 
 
(If a Business Day Convention is specified for Interest 
Period End Date(s), unless Interest Payment Date(s) is 
(are) expressed to be a number of Business Days after 
the relevant Interest Period End Date, Interest 
Payment Date(s) must be subject to the same Business 
Day Convention) 
(vi) Party responsible for calculating the 
Interest Rate(s) and Interest Amount(s): 
[specify]/[Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A.] 
(vii) Margin(s): 
[[+/-][specify] per cent. per annum/Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify] per cent. per annum/Not applicable] 
(ix) Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify] per cent. per annum/Not applicable] 
(x) Day Count Fraction: 
[specify]/[unadjusted] 
(xi) Determination Dates: 
[Not applicable] / [specify] [in each year] [insert 
regular payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon.] (N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(xii) Interst to Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify for the different 
Interest Periods if necessary) 
(xiii) 
Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate Notes] 
(If the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, complete letter (b) 
accordingly) 
[Floating Rate Notes]

--- Page 910 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
910 
 
(If the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, complete letter 
(c) accordingly)  
[Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes] 
(If the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate 
Notes, complete letters (b) and/or (c) accordingly) 
[Structured Rate Notes] 
(If the Notes are Structured Rate Notes, complete 
letters (d) to (n) accordingly) 
(xiv) 
Interest Rate: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Include one or more of the 
following Interest Rates Formulas if 
applicable): 
[MFP Fixed Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(a).]] 
[MFP Floating Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(b).]] 
 
[MFP Mixed Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(c).]] 
 
[MFP Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(d).]] 
 
[MFP Additional Digital Coupon applicable:

--- Page 911 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
911 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(e).]] 
 
[MFP Double Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(f).]] 
 
[MFP Corridor Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(g).]] 
 
[MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(h).]] 
 
[MFP Range Accrual Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(i).]] 
 
[MFP – Digital Mixed Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(j).]] 
 
[MFP – Double Digital Mixed Coupon: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(k).]] 
 
[MFP Ratchet Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(l).]]

--- Page 912 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
912 
 
 
[MFP Best Entry Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(m).]] 
 
[Weighted Mixed Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(n).]] 
 
[Max Mixed Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(o).]] 
 
[Single FX Vanilla Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(p).]] 
 
[Single FI Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(q).]] 
 
[Single FX Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(r).]] 
 
[Range Accrual Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(s).]

--- Page 913 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
913 
 
(If FI Digital Coupon is applicable, distinguish in 
"Rate" below, between the Rate which is FI Rate A and 
the Rate which is FI Rate B)] 
 
[Single FX Range Accrual Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(t).]] 
 
[Single FX Memory Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(u).]] 
 
[Multiple Combination Floater Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(v).]] 
 
[PRDC Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(w).]] 
 
[Single FI Digital Floor Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
5.1(x).]] 
 
[Single FI Digital Cap Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(y).]] 
 
[Single FI Target Coupon applicable:

--- Page 914 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
914 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(z).]] 
 
[Duration Adjusted Coupon applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(aa).]] 
 
[FX Wedding Cake Interest applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(bb).]] 
 
[Underlying Linked Interes applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(cc).]] 
 
[Differential Linked Interest applicable: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 5.1(dd).]] 
[[Rate][Rate(i)] [Rate 1(i)] [Rate 2(i)]: 
[specify] 
 
(If more than one fixed rate or floating rate is to be 
determined, specify each such rate)] 
 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Conditions.]] 
 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Formulas Conditions.]]

--- Page 915 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
915 
 
(b) Fixed Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(Specify if more than one fixed rate is to be 
determined) 
(i) Fixed Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[specify] per cent. [per annum] 
(ii) Fixed Interest Amount[(s)]: 
[[specify] per Nominal Amount]/[Not applicable] 
(iii) Broken Amount[(s)]: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(c) Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(Specify if more than one floating rate is to be 
determined) 
(i) Manner in which Rate of Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(ii) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period beginning 
on [●] and ending on [●] shall be calculated using 
linear interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(iii) [Screen Rate Determination]: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable, in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) [specify] (insert such wording in case

--- Page 916 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
916 
 
“Coupon 
Switch” 
applies 
and 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination applies but only in respect of some 
Interest Period(s))]/[Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
[Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [SARON] 
[CMS] 
(The Reference Rate must be EURIBOR, SONIA, 
SOFR, €STR, SARON or CMS)  
(B) 
Specified Duration: 
[specify]  
(insert the wording below in case “Coupon Switch” 
applies and the Specified Duration is not the same for 
all Interest Periods) 
[[specify] in respect of the Interest Period(s) [●]; 
[specify] in respect of the Interest Period(s) [●]; [●]] 
[Not applicable] 
(C) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] [Not applicable] 
(D) 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [ ] TARGET Days/U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days/London Banking Days/SIX Business 
Days/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [ ] TARGET Days/U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days/London Banking Days/ SIX Business 
Days/Not Applicable]  
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent)

--- Page 917 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
917 
 
(F) 
D: 
[360/365/[ ]] / [Not Applicable] 
(G) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[specify]  
(insert the wording below in case “Coupon Switch” 
applies and the Rate Multiplier is not the same for all 
Interest Periods) 
[[specify] in respect of the Interest Period(s) [●]; 
[specify] in respect of the Interest Period(s) [●]; [●]] 
[Not applicable] 
(H) 
Reference Rate Multiplier: 
[specify]  
(insert the wording below in case “Coupon Switch” 
applies and the Reference Rate Multiplier is not the 
same for all Interest Periods) 
[[specify] in respect of the Interest Period(s) [●]; 
[specify] in respect of the Interest Period(s) [●]; [●]] 
[Not applicable] 
(I) 
Cap: 
[specify]  
(insert the wording below in case “Coupon Switch” 
applies and the Cap is not the same for all Interest 
Periods) 
[[specify] in respect of the Interest Period(s) [●]; 
[specify] in respect of the Interest Period(s) [●]; [●]] 
[Not applicable] 
(J) 
Floor: 
[specify]

--- Page 918 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
918 
 
(insert the wording below in case “Coupon Switch” 
applies and the Floor is not the same for all Interest 
Periods) 
[[specify] in respect of the Interest Period(s) [●]; 
[specify] in respect of the Interest Period(s) [●]; [●]] 
[Not applicable] 
(K) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify]  
(Typically the second TARGET Day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) 
[[•] London Business Days prior to each Interest 
Period End Date 
(N.B.: the number of London Business Days shall be 
the same specified as the “Lag Period” or the 
“Observation Shift Period” (as applicable)] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA) 
[[•] U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to each Interest Period End Date 
(N.B.: the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days shall be the same specified as the “Lag 
Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as 
applicable)] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 
[[•] TARGET2 Business Days prior to each Interest 
Period End Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is €STR)

--- Page 919 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
919 
 
[[•] SIX Business Days prior to each Interest Period 
End Date 
(N.B.: the number of SIX Business Days shall be the 
same specified as the “Lag Period” or the 
“Observation Shift Period” (as applicable)] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SARON) 
(Typically the second day on which T2 is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if the Reference 
Rate is CMS and the Relevant Currency is in Euro) 
(Typically the second [specify type of day] prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if the Reference Rate is 
CMS and the Relevant Currency is other than Euro) 
(L) 
Relevant Determination 
Time 
[Include where the Reference Rate is EURIBOR: 
11:00 am, Brussels time]/ [Not applicable] 
(M) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify]]  
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(N) 
Reference Banks 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(O) 
Relevant Financial Centre 
[specify] [For example, London/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro/other 
(give details)] 
(P) 
Relevant Currency 
[specify] [Not applicable]

--- Page 920 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
920 
 
(Q) 
Designated Maturity 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
 
(iv) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable, in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) [specify] (insert such wording in case 
“Coupon Switch” applies and ISDA Determination 
applies but only in respect of some Interest 
Period(s))]/[Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
[Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
(B) 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
(C) 
Reset Date: 
[specify]] 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(D) 
Overnight Floating Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Index Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(F) 
Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 921 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
921 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) Compounding 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable Lookback: [•] Applicable Business 
Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(iv) Compounding 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / [Applicable 
Business Days]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(v) Daily Capped Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) Daily Floored Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 922 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
922 
 
(G) 
Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Overnight Averaging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(iv) Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / [Applicable 
Business Days]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(v) Daily Capped Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 923 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
923 
 
(vi) Daily Floored Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(H) 
Index Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[All-in 
Compounded 
Index Method] 
Applicable 
(ii) Compounded 
Index 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(I) 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable, with the specified number of days being 
[•] Business Days] / [Not Applicable] 
(J) 
ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(d) Structured Rate Provisions 
[Applicable 
– 
see 
[Index/Share/ETI/Debt/Commodity/ 
Inflation 
Index/Currency/Fund/Futures/Underlying 
Interest

--- Page 924 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
924 
 
Rate] Linked Interest Amount Provisions below/Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• Index 
Linked 
Interest 
Amount 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Index/Basket 
of 
Indices/Index 
Sponsor(s): 
[specify name of Index/Indices] 
 
[specify name of Index Sponsor(s)] 
 
[The [⚫] Index is a [Component Security]/[Multi-
Exchange] Index]26 
(ii) Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply]. [The Averaging 
Dates are [⚫].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] [the provisions of Annex 2 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes)] will 
apply.] 
(iii) Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date/during the Observation Period.] 
[[•], being the time specified on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, 
for the calculation of the Settlement Price.]  
(N.B. if no time is specified, the Valuation Time will be 
the Scheduled Closing Time)  
 
26 Specify each Component Security Index and/or Multi-Exchange Index (if any).

--- Page 925 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
925 
 
(iv) Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
(v) Index Correction Period 
[As per Index Linked Note Condition 1/specify] 
(vi) Observation Dates: 
[specify] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement][the provisions of Annex 2 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes)] will 
apply.][Observation Day Disruption Consequences 
are not applicable.] 
(vii) Observation Period: 
[specify as [the period from and including the Issue 
Date, Strike Date or [●] to and including [●]]]  
(viii) Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify] [Scheduled Trading Days] / [Not applicable] 
(ix) Exchange(s): 
[specify] / [Not applicable] 
(x) Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
(xi) Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index 
Basis]/[Not applicable] 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
(xii) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index 
Basis]/[Not applicable] 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable]

--- Page 926 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
926 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(xiii) 
Settlement Price: 
[Official opening level]/[Official closing level]/[level 
at the Valuation Time] /[Index Linked Note Condition 
5 (Futures Price Valuation) applies] 
[First Traded Price Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket of Indices to ascertain the Settlement Price 
is [⚫]. Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Annex 2 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes)] 
[specify other]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Notes relating to a Basket of Indices)/Not Applicable] 
(xv) Redemption on Occurrence of an 
Index Adjustment Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable:  
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount]

--- Page 927 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
927 
 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Index 
Linked Note Condition 3.2(c)(vi) applies] 
(xvi) 
Futures Price Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) Rolling Futures Contract 
Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
[Related Hedging: Not applicable] 
(B) Exchange-traded Contract: 
[specify]/[If the Index Linked Notes are Rolling 
Futures Contract Notes: Index Linked Notes 
Condition 5.2 applies] 
(C) Delivery or expiry month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Not applicable in the case of Index Linked Notes that 
are Rolling Futures Contract Notes) 
(D) Period of Exchange-traded 
Contracts: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in case of Index Linked Notes that 
are Futures Rollover Notes) 
(E) Futures or Options 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
(F) Futures Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
(G) Relevant FTP Screen Page: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 928 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
928 
 
(H) Relevant Futures or Options 
Exchange Website: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(I) Cut-off Time: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(J) Redemption on Occurrence 
of a Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: Principal Protected Termination 
Amount: 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract constitutes a force majeure, Index 
Linked Notes Condition [5.2(vi)] [and] [5.4(vi)] 
applies] 
• Share 
Linked 
Interest 
Amount 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 929 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
929 
 
 
[Share Linked Notes: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[ETI 
Share 
Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]] 
(In the case of Hybrid Notes which are Share Linked 
Notes and ETI Share Linked Notes, repeat sub-
paragraphs (i) to (xviii) below for Share Linked Notes 
and ETI Linked Notes to which the ETI Share 
Provisions apply, as required) 
(i) Share(s)/Share 
Company/Basket 
Company/GDR/ADR/ETI 
Interest/Basket of ETI Interests: 
[insert type of Share(s) and Share Company/Basket 
Companies/ETI Interest(s) and ETI(s)] 
 
[Share/ETI Interest Currency: [specify]] 
 
[ISIN][Screen Page][Exchange Code] 
 
[GDR/ADR applicable] 
 
[insert details of GDR/ADR]27 
 
[Stapled Shares applicable] 
 
[Insert details of Stapled Shares and Stapled Share 
Constituents]28  
 
[China Connect applicable]29 
(ii) Relative Performance Basket: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
(Always specify as "Not applicable" where ETI Share 
Linked Notes is specified as applicable) 
 
27 In the case of Share Linked Interest Amount Notes relating to a GDR/ADR, complete Share Linked Interest Amount Notes Final Terms as 
applicable for GDR/ADR references asset(s). 
28 Specify each Stapled Share Constituent comprising the Stapled Shares. In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to Stapled Shares, complete 
Share Linked Interest Amount Notes Final Terms as applicable for Stapled Shares reference asset(s) 
29 Not applicable for ETI Share Linked Notes.

--- Page 930 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
930 
 
(iii) Share Currency: 
[specify] 
(iv) ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] 
(v) Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply]. [The Averaging 
Dates are [⚫].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
(vi) Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date/during the Observation Period.] 
[[•], being the time specified on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, 
for the calculation of the Settlement Price.]  
(N.B. if no time is specified, the Valuation Time will be 
the Scheduled Closing Time)  
(vii) Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
(viii) Observation Dates: 
[specify] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
[Observation 
Day 
Disruption Consequences are not applicable.] 
(ix) Observation Period: 
[specify] 
(x) Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[[specify] [Scheduled Trading Days]]

--- Page 931 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
931 
 
(xi) Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
(xii) Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
(xiii) Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
(xiv) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(xv) Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Italian Securities Reference 
Price]30/[price at the Valuation Time] 
[AQR: Applicable. The Settlement Price is [specify]] 
(xvi) Closing Price: 
[Official closing price] [VWA Closing Price] 
[AQR: Applicable. The Closing Price is [specify]] 
(xvii) Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket of Shares to ascertain the Settlement Price 
is [specify]. Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment [in accordance with Annex 3 (Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
Share 
Linked 
Notes)]/[specify other].  
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Notes relating to 
a Basket of Shares)] 
(xviii) 
Redemption on Occurrence 
of an Extraordinary Event: 
[Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
30 Do not specify "Italian Securities Reference Price" in respect of ETI Linked Notes.

--- Page 932 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
932 
 
[if applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Extraordinary Event constitute a force majeure, [Share 
Linked 
Note 
Condition 
[5.2(b)(iii)] 
[or] 
[5.2(c)(vi)]]/[ETI 
Linked 
Note 
Condition 
[12.2(b)(iii)] or [12.2(c)(vi)] applies] 
(xix) Share Correction Period 
[As per Share Linke Note Condition 1/specify] 
(xx) Dividend Payment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xxi) Listing Change 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xxii) Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xxiii) 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xxiv) 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 933 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
933 
 
(xxv) [CSR Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]]31 
(xxvi) Hedging Liquidity Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Maximum Hedging Liquidity Level: [[⚫] per 
cent.]/[As per Share Linked Note Condition 5.3]] 
(xxvii) Dividend Protection: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[(N.B. Only applicable if Normal Performance 
applies to the Notes)]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
Adjustments: 
If a Dividend Event occurs during the period from, the 
Issue Date, excluded, to the Maturity Date, included, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion, the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, adjust: 
[the Strike Level, the Cap Level and the Initial 
Reference Level by multiplying such levels by the 
Adjustment Factor K (rounded to the fourth decimal 
digit);] 
[    ] 
• 
Cap Level 
[specify] 
• 
Scheduled Dividend: 
[The Scheduled Dividend is, for each Scheduled Ex-
Date specified below, an amount per Share equal to: ] 
Scheduled 
Ex-Date 
Scheduled Dividend 
Amount 
 
31 Not applicable in respect of ETI Linked Notes.

--- Page 934 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
934 
 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[      ] 
(xxviii) [China 
Connect 
Share 
Disqualification: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xxix) China 
Connect 
Service 
Termination 
[Applicable/Not applicable]]32 
• ETI 
Linked 
Interest 
Amount 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[ETI Share Provisions: [Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
(If applicable and sub-paragraphs (i) to (xxxii) are not 
required for Hybrid Notes, delete sub-paragraphs (i) 
to (xxxii).) 
(i) ETI/ETI Basket: 
[specify] 
[SC/FM ETI Events: Applicable] 
[ETI Event Force Majeure: Applicable] 
(ii) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[Insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
(iii) Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply]. [The Averaging 
Dates are [⚫].] 
 
32 Only applicable if China Connect is applicable.

--- Page 935 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
935 
 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(v) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
(vii) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
(viii) ETI Related Party: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(ix) 
ETI Documents: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(x) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xi) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xii) Final Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xiii) Hedging Date: 
[specify] /[Not applicable] 
(xiv) Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1][specify] /[Not 
applicable] 
(xv) Value per ETI Interest Trading 
Price Barrier: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1][specify] /[Not 
applicable] 
(xvi) Number of Value Publication 
Days: 
[[⚫] calendar days] [[⚫] Value Business Days] /[Not 
applicable]

--- Page 936 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
936 
 
[Value Business Day Centre(s): [specify] 
(N.B. Only applicable if Number of Value Publication 
Days is calculated by reference to Value Business 
Days)] 
(xvii) Value Trigger Percentage: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1][specify] /[Not 
applicable] 
(xviii) Value Trigger Period: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1][specify] /[Not 
applicable] 
(xix) Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1][specify] /[Not 
applicable] 
(xx) Settlement Price/Closing Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Value per ETI Interest] / 
[price at the Valuation Time] 
(xxi) Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] /[Not 
applicable] 
(xxii) Additional 
Extraordinary 
ETI 
Event(s): 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xxiii) Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(xxiv) Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(xxv) Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [⚫].]/[Not 
applicable] 
(xxvi) ETI Interest Correction Period: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1]/ [specify]/[Not 
applicable]

--- Page 937 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
937 
 
(xxvii) Termination Amount: 
[specify]/[Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[Non-Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[Not applicable] 
(xxviii) Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per ETI Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(xxix) Termination Date: 
[specify] 
(xxx) Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each ETI Interest 
comprising the ETI Basket is [specify]]/[Not 
applicable] 
(xxxi) [Protected Amount: 
[If Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event and Principal Protected 
Termination Amount are applicable: [specify] per 
cent. of the Nominal Amount] 
(xxxii) Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence of an Extraordinary 
ETI Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
• Debt 
Linked 
Interest 
Amount 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Debt Instruments: 
[specify] [Not applicable] [Not applicable – Synthetic 
Debt Instrument applies – see item (xvi)(C) below] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(ii) Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply]. [The Averaging 
Dates are [⚫].]

--- Page 938 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
938 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
(iii) Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(iv) Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(v) Observation Dates: 
[specify] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
[Observation 
Day 
Disruption Consequences are not applicable.] 
(vi) Observation Period: 
[specify] 
(vii) Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[[specify] Scheduled Trading Days] [Not applicable]  
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(viii) 
Exchange Business Day 
Centre(s): 
[specify] 
(ix) Nominal Amount: 
[The relevant nominal amount is [⚫] and the Relevant 
Screen Page is [⚫].][Not applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(x) Settlement Price: 
[As per Debt Linked Note Condition 1]/[If Future 
Price Valuation is “Applicable”: as per Debt Likned 
Note Condition 6]

--- Page 939 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
939 
 
(xi) Reference Price: 
[The Reference Price[s] for [insert relevant Debt 
Instrument(s)] is/are the [bid price]/[mid price]/[offer 
price]/[bid yield]/[mid yield]/[offer yield].] [Not 
applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(xii) Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence of Debt Instrument 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
applicable:  
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(xiii) Debt 
Instrument 
Correction 
Period: 
[As per Debt Linked Note Condition 11]/ [specify] 
/[Not applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(xiv) Debt Instrument Issuer: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
(xv) Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of Debt Instruments to 
ascertain the Settlement Price is [⚫]. Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment.] 
(xvi) Futures Price Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 940 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
940 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) Rolling Futures Contract 
Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
(B) Exchange-traded Contract: 
[Specify]/[If the Debt Linked Notes are Rolling 
Futures Contract Notes: Debt Linked Note Condition 
7 applies] 
(C) Synthetic Debt Instrument: 
[Specify][If the Exchange-traded Contract relates to a 
Synthetic Debt Instrument, include description of the 
key terms of the synthetic debt instrument]/[Not 
applicable] 
(D) Delivery or expiry month: 
[Specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Not applicable in the case of Debt Linked Note that 
are Rolling Futures Contract Notes) 
(E) Period of Exchange-traded 
Contracts: 
[Specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in the case of Debt Linked Notes that 
are Rolling Futures Contract Notes) 
(F) Futures or Options 
Exchange: 
[Specify] 
(G) Futures Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[Specify] 
(H) Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of a Non-
Commencement or 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable:

--- Page 941 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
941 
 
Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Nominal Amount] 
(I) 
Daily Settlement Price 
Correction Period: 
[As per Debt Linked Note Condition 11][Specify] 
• Commodity Linked Interest Amount 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Commodity/ 
Commodities/Commodity 
Index/Commodity Indices: 
[specify 
Commodity/Commodities/Commodity 
Index/Commodity Indices] 
 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity [Index/Indices] 
[is/are] [⚫]] 
[Insert in the case of Commodities that are EU 
Allowances: The [Commodity]/[specify Commodities] 
[is an]/[are] EU Allowance[s] 
Relevant Registry: [specify]] 
(ii) Interest Pricing Date(s): 
[specify] 
(iii) Initial Interest Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
(iv) Final Interest Pricing Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 942 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
942 
 
(v) Commodity Reference Price: 
[specify] 
The Price Source is/are [⚫]33 
(vi) 
Delivery Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(vii) Nearby Month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(viii) Specified Price: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Exchange: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(x) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[specify] /[As per Commodity Linked Note Condition 
1] 
(xi) 
Trading Disruption: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xii) Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(xiii) Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As per Commodity Linked Note Condition 
1]/[specify]34 
(xiv) Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Commodity Basket is [specify]]/[Not applicable] 
(xv) Rolling Futures Contract Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(xvi) [Futures Rollover [Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify]] (Delete if the Notes are not 
Rolling Futures Contract Notes) 
 
33 Delete if using automated Commodity Reference Prices. 
34  
Only applicable in respect of Commodity Securities linked to a single Commodity.

--- Page 943 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
943 
 
(xvii) Redemption following Market 
Disruption Event or Commodity 
Index Adjustment Event:  
[Commodity 
Linked 
Note 
Condition 
3(c)(i) 
applies]/[Highest 
Value]/[Monetisation 
Option]/[Market Value] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Nominal Amount]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Market 
Disruption Event or Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event constitutes a force majeure, Commodity Linked 
Note Condition [3(c)(v)] [or] [4(b)(v)], respectively, 
applies] 
• Inflation Linked Interest Amount 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If more than one Inflation Rate is to be determined, 
repeat items below as applicable for each such 
Inflation Rate and, if FI Digital Coupon is applicable, 
distinguish between the Inflation Rate which is FI 
Rate A and the Inflation Rate which is FI Rate B) 
(i) Inflation 
Index/Inflation 
Indices/Inflation Index Sponsor: 
[specify name of inflation index/indices] 
 
[specify name of inflation index sponsor(s)] 
 
[Screen Page/Exchange Code: [specify]] 
(ii) Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
(iii) Issuer of Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
(iv) Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify]

--- Page 944 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
944 
 
(v) Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
(vi) Settlement Price: 
[specify] 
(vii) Substitute Inflation Index Level: 
[As determined in accordance with Annex 7 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Index 
Linked Notes)] [specify] 
(viii) Cut-off Date: 
In respect of a [Valuation Date], the day that is 
[specify] Business Days prior to such [Valuation 
Date]. 
(ix) Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(x) Reference Month: 
[specify] 
(xi) Currency Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xii) Inflation Index Level Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xiii) Index Cancellation 
[Inflation 
Linked 
Note 
Condition 
4.7(b)(i) 
applies]/[Highest 
Value]/[Monetisation 
Option]/[Market Value] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are 
applicable: Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of 
the Notional Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index 
Cancellation constitutes a force majeure, Inflation 
Linked Note Condition 4.7(b)(v) applies] 
• Currency Linked Interest Amount 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 945 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
945 
 
(i) The relevant base currency (the 
"Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(ii) The 
relevant 
alternative 
[currency/currencies] 
([the]/[each an] "Alternative 
Currency") [is/are]: 
[specify] 
(iii) Weighting: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(iv) Price Source: 
[specify] 
(v) Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify]/[five] Scheduled Trading Days 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to five) 
(vi) Averaging Date(s): 
[specify] 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Linked Note 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
(vii) Observation Date(s): 
[specify] 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Linked Note 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
(viii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 946 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
946 
 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Linked Note 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
(ix) Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(x) Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(xi) Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
[Currency Convention: [As per Curreny Linked Note 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
(xii) Redemption on Occurrence of a 
Disruption Event: 
[Illiquidity Disruption: Not applicable]  
[Disruption Event Postponement: Not applicable] 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[if applicable: Principal Protected Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]]  
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount]

--- Page 947 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
947 
 
[If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption 
Event constitutes a force majeure, Currency Linked 
Note Condition 3(b)(vi) applies] 
(xiii) 
Futures Price Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) Rolling Futures Contract 
Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
(B) Exchange-traded Contract: 
[Specify]/[If the Currency Linked Notes are Rolling 
Futures Contract Notes: Currency Linked Note 
Condition 6 applies] 
(C) Currency Pair: 
[specify] 
(D) ISIN: 
[specify] 
(E) Expiry month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Not applicable in the case of Currency Linked Notes 
that are Rolling Futures Contract Notes) 
(F) Period of Exchange-traded 
Contract: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in the case of Currency Linked Notes 
that are Rolling Futures Contract Notes) 
(G) Futures or Options 
Exchange: 
[specify]

--- Page 948 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
948 
 
(H) Futures Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
(Not applicable in the case of Currency Linked Notes 
that are not Rolling Futures Contract Notes) 
(I) 
Delayed Redemtpion on 
Occurrence of a Non-
Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
If Principal Protected Termination Amount is 
applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount] 
(J) 
Daily Settlement Price 
Correction Period: 
[As per Currency Linked Note Condition 5]/[specify] 
• Fund 
Linked 
Interest 
Amount 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Fund/Fund Basket: 
[specify 
Fund/Fund 
Basket/Fund 
Index/Fund 
Indices/Euro Fund] 
[The 
Fund 
Index 
Sponsor[s] 
of 
the 
Fund 
[Index/Indices] [is/are] [•]] 
[Fund Index Currency: [specify]] 
[The [•] Fund is a Mutual Fund] 
[The [•] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
[The [•] Fund is a Private Equity Fund]

--- Page 949 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
949 
 
[[The [•] Fund is a Euro Fund] 
[The Insurance Company is [specify] 
Provisional Minimum Rate: [specify website] 
Gross Rate of Return: [specify website] 
[Floor Rate of Return: Applicable – the Floor Rate of 
Return is [specify] 
Euro Fund Business Day Centre: [specify]] 
(If the Euro Fund Provisions are applicable delete 
items (l)(ii) to (xi) and (l)(xiii) to (xxvii) below and 
complete items (l)(xii) and (l)(xxviii))] 
 
[SC/FM Fund Events: Applicable] 
(ii) Fund Share(s): 
[specify] 
(iii) Fund Documents: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1][specify] 
(iv) Observation Dates: 
[specify] 
(v) Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis/Per Fund Share Basis/Single 
Fund Share Basis] 
(vi) Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(vii) Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(viii) 
Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(ix) Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify]

--- Page 950 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
950 
 
(x) Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Fund Linked Noted Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xi) Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] 
(xii) Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
(xiii) AUM Level: 
[As per Fund Linked Noted Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xiv) NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Fund Linked Noted Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xv) NAV Trigger Period: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xvi) Number of NAV Publication 
Days: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xvii) Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xviii) Termination Amount: 
[Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[Non-
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/[specify]/[Market 
Value]/[Highest 
Value]/[Monetisation Option] 
[Fund Event Force Majeure: Applicable] 
(xix) Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per Fund Linked Note Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xx) Termination Date: 
[specify] 
(xxi) Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each Fund Share 
comprising the Fund Basket is [specify]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 951 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
951 
 
(xxii) Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xxiii) Delayed Payment Cut-off Date: 
[As per Fund Linked Notes Condition 1]/[specify] 
 
(xxiv) Fund Event Force Majeure: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xxv) Settlement Price: 
[NAV per Fund Share][The sum of the values 
calculated in respect of each Basket Component as the 
NAV per Fund Share of such Basket Component 
multiplied by the relevant Weighting] 
(xxvi) [Protected Amount: 
[If Highest Value, Monetisation Option or Delayed 
Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund 
Event and Principal Protected Termination Amount 
are applicable: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount] 
(xxvii) Redemption on Occurrence of a 
Fund Index Adjustment Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Fund Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: Principal Protected Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]]  
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount]

--- Page 952 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
952 
 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Fund Index 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Fund 
Linked Note Condition 6(iv)(F) applies]] 
(xxviii) [Redemption on Occurrence of 
an Extraordinary Euro Fund 
Event: 
[Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[If applicable: Principal Protected Termination 
Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund Event and Principal 
Protected Termination Amount are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount]] 
• Futures Linked Interest Amount 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Futures: 
[insert type of Future(s)] 
(ii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply]. [The Averaging 
Dates are [⚫].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
(iii) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 953 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
953 
 
(v) 
Observation Dates: 
[specify] 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disruption 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
[Observation 
Day 
Disruption Consequences are not applicable.] 
(vi) 
Observation Period: 
[specify] 
(vii) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Base Condition 3]/[specify] 
[Scheduled Trading Days] 
(viii) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
(ix) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Futures Basis/Per Futures 
Basis] 
(x) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Futures Basis/Per Futures 
Basis] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(xi) 
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[price at the Valuation Time] 
(xii) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket to ascertain the Settlement Price is 
[specify]. Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment [in accordance with Annex 10 (Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
Futures 
Linked 
Notes)]/[specify other]. [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Notes relating to 
a Basket)]

--- Page 954 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
954 
 
(xiii) 
Futures Correction Period: 
[As per Futures Linked Note Conditions 1]/[specify] 
(xiv) 
Redemption on Occurrence of a 
Futures Adjustment Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Futures 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Principal Protected Termination Amount, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option are applicable:  
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Futures 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Futures 
Linked Note Condition 3.1(b)(vi) applies] 
• Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Interest Amount Provisions 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(if applicable, identify each Underlying Interest Rate(i) 
which is a Multiple Underlying Component Rate)

--- Page 955 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
955 
 
(i) Underlying Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
"Underlying Interest Rate1:") 
(ii) Manner in which the Underlying 
Interest Rate is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ ISDA Determination] 
(A) [Screen Rate Determination]: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(I) Underlying 
Reference 
Rate: 
[EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [SARON] 
[CMS] [specify] 
(II) Specified Duration: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(III) Specified Time: 
[specify] 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
(IV) Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] [Not applicable] 
(V) Lag Period: 
[5 / [ ] TARGET Days/U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days/London Banking Days/SIX Business 
Days/Not Applicable] 
(VI) Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [ ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/ SIX 
Business Days/Not Applicable]

--- Page 956 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
956 
 
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
(VII) D: 
[360/365/[ ]] / [Not Applicable] 
(VIII) Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify]] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a compiste rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(IX) Relevant Currency: 
[specify]] 
(X) Reference Banks 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(XI) Relevant Financial Centre 
[specify] [For example, London/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro/other 
(give details)] 
(XII) Designated Maturity 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(B) ISDA Determination 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(I) 
[Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
(II) 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
(III) Reset Date: 
[specify]]

--- Page 957 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
957 
 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(IV) Calculation Start Date: 
[●] [A day that falls [●] [weeks / months] prior to the 
Underlying Interest Determination Date, subject to the 
Business Day Convention] 
(V) 
Overnight Floating Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(VI) Index 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(VII) Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
OIS 
Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Compounding 
with Lookback: 
[Applicable Lookback: [•] Applicable Business 
Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Compounding 
with Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days

--- Page 958 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
958 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Compounding 
with Lockout: 
Applicable 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / [Applicable 
Business Days]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(VIII) Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Overnight 
Averaging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 959 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
959 
 
(iii) 
Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] / [Applicable 
Business Days]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[[•] per cent.] / [Not Applicable] 
(IX) Index Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[All-in 
Compounded 
Index Method] 
Applicable

--- Page 960 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
960 
 
(ii) 
Compounded 
Index Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
/[Not Applicable] 
(X) 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable, with the specified number of days being 
[•] Business Days] / [Not Applicable] 
(XI) ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(iii) Underlying Margin(s): 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) Rate Multiplier (s): 
[specify]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) Reference Rate Multiplier: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(vi) Minimum Underlying Reference 
Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(vii) Maximum Underlying Reference 
Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum

--- Page 961 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
961 
 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
"Underlying Interest Rate2:" and repeat items [(ii) to 
(vii)].  
 
(Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.) 
46. 
PROVISION RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
(a) [Issuer Call Option:]35 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[European Style] [American Style] 
(i) Call Option Exercise Notice Period 
[specify] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
[specify] 
[The day falling [•] Business Days following the 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date] 
(Insert if Call Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes 
1 or Call Payout Capitalised Call and Put Note is 
applicable) 
(iii) Optional Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
[The date designated as the Optional Redemtpion 
Valuation Date by the Issuer in the notice of 
redemption, being the day falling [•] Business Days 
after the notice referred to in Base Condition 8.7 has 
 
35 Where applicable, there will be a minimum notice period of 5 Business Days.

--- Page 962 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
962 
 
been delivered to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Base Condition 16 
(Insert if Call Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes 
1 or Call Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes is 
applicable)] 
(iv) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Call): 
[NA × [⚫] per cent.]  
 
[Call Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes 1] 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 4.1(a).]] 
 
[Call Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes] 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 4.1(b).]] 
 
[Call Payout Leverage Factor Notes] 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 4.1(c).]] 
 
[MFP Call Payout] 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 4.1(d).]] 
 
[Leveraged Notes Call Payout]  
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 4.1(e).]]

--- Page 963 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
963 
 
[[Structuring Fee Deduction: Applicable] 
[Insert 
formula/amend 
formula 
according 
to 
provisions from Formulas Condition 4.2]] 
(v) Call Option Condition  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)   
(A) Call Option Event  
[A Call Option Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if [   ]. ] (Insert relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Conditions)  
(B) Call Option Exercise 
Valuation Date 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(C) Call Option Exercise 
Valuation Period 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(D) Call Option Exercise 
Valuation Time 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(E) Optional Condition 
Redemption Valuation Date 
(Call) 
[specify] 
(F) Optional Condition 
Redemption Date (Call) 
[specify] 
(G) Optional Condition 
Redemption Amount (Call) 
[NA × [⚫] per cent.]  
 
[Call Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes 1]

--- Page 964 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
964 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 4.1(a).]] 
 
[Call Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes] 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 4.1(b).]] 
 
[Call Payout Leverage Factor Notes] 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 4.1(c).]] 
 
[MFP Call Payout] 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 4.1(d).]] 
 
[Leveraged Notes Call Payout]  
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 4.1(e).]] 
 
 
[[Structuring Fee Deduction: Applicable] 
[Insert 
formula/amend 
formula 
according 
to 
provisions from Formulas Condition 4.2]] 
(b) [Noteholders Put Option:]36 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
36 Where applicable, there will be a minimum notice period of 5 Business Days.

--- Page 965 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
965 
 
[European Style] [American Style] 
(N.B. Where SFP Leverage Factor Notes and Maturity 
Extension and/or Reverse Split are specified as 
applicable, Noteholders Put Option must be specified 
as "Applicable") 
(i) Put Option Exercise Notice Period 
[specify] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Date (Put): 
[specify] 
[Insert if Put Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes 
1, Maturity Extension and/or Reverse Split is 
applicable: The day falling [ten] Business Days after 
the relevant Optional Redemption Valuation Date] 
(iii) Optional Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
[The first Put Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes 
1 Valuation Date falling on or after the last day of the 
Put Option Exercise Notice Period in which notice of 
redemption is validly given in accordance with Base 
Condition 8.8.  
"Put Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes 1 
Valuation Date" means the [specify] day of [each 
month]/[each 
[specify 
month] 
in 
each 
year 
commencing [on [⚫]/the [calendar month]/[calendar 
year] after the Issue Date] or, if that is not a CV 
Calculation 
Day, 
the 
immediately 
[preceding/succeeding] CV Calculation Day 
(Insert if Put Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes 
1 is applicable)] 
[Insert if "Maturity Extension" and/or "Reverse Split" 
is applicable: [The date specified as such in the

--- Page 966 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
966 
 
[Maturity Extension Notice] [or] [Reverse Split 
Notice], validly given in accordance with Base 
Condition [8.9] [or] [8.10].]/[The date falling [●] 
Business Days prior to the [Postponed Maturity Date] 
[or] [Reverse Split Effective Date] specified in the 
[Maturity Extension Notice] [or] [Reverse Split 
Notice], validly given in accordance with Base 
Condition [8.9] [or] [8.10].] 
(iv) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Put): 
[NA × [⚫] per cent.] 
 
[Put Payout Forex DivReinvested Fees Notes 1] 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 3.1(a).]] 
 
[Put Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes] 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 3.1(b).]] 
 
[Put Payout Leverage Factor Notes] 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 3.1(c).]] 
 
[MFP Put Payout 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 3.1(d).]] 
 
[MFP Put Normal Performance Payout 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 3.1(e).]] 
 
[Leveraged Notes Put Payout

--- Page 967 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
967 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 3.1(f).]] 
 
[[Structuring Fee Deduction: Applicable] 
[Insert 
formula/amend 
formula 
according 
to 
provisions from Formulas Condition 3.1]] 
(v) Minimum Notice Period:  
[specify] / [Not applicable] (Repeat as necessary if 
different in respect of a Maturity Extension or Reverse 
Split) 
(vi) Maximum Notice Period:  
[specify] / [Not applicable] (Repeat as necessary if 
different in respect of a Maturity Extension or Reverse 
Split) 
(c) [Automatic Early Redemption37: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout] [FI 
Underlying Automatic Early Redemption Payout] [FI 
Coupon Automatic Early Redemption Payout] 
[[Single] Standard Automatic Early Redemption [– 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 1]: "greater 
than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than 
or equal to"] [Standard Automatic Early Redemption 
– Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 Applicable: 
"greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"] [MFP Target Automatic 
Early Redemption Event] 
[Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 [and]/[or] 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 2] 
 
37  
Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, 
Currency Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Futures Linked Notes and, in the case of FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption Payout, 
Interest Rate Linked Notes.

--- Page 968 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
968 
 
 
[As per Base Condition 8.5 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions.]] 
 
[AER Knock-out: [Knock-out Event]/[Knock-in 
Event] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions.]] 
 
[Leveraged Automatic Early Redemption: Applicable  
[Insert related provisions from Conditions.]] 
(ii) Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Payout: 
[Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call 
and Put Notes 1] 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 2.1(a).]] 
 
[Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call 
and Put Notes 2] 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 2.1(b).]] 
 
[SFP Automatic Early Redemption Payout] 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 2.1(c).]] 
 
[MFP Automatic Early Redemption Payout] 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 2.1(d).]] 
 
[Leveraged Notes Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout]

--- Page 969 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
969 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Formulas Condition 2.1(e).]] 
 
[Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and relevant 
provisions from Formulas Condition 2.1(f).]] 
 
[FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and relevant 
provisions from Formulas Condition 2.1(g).]] 
 
[FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and relevant 
provisions from Formulas Condition 2.1(h).]] 
 
[[Structuring Fee Deduction: Applicable] 
[Insert 
formula/amend 
formula 
according 
to 
provisions from Formulas Condition 2.2]] 
(iii) Early Redemption Entitlement 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: The Early Redemption Entitlement in 
relation to each Note is:  
[an amount equal to: [specify]]/ 
[Entitlement Units; multiplied by the Entitlement 
Multiplier; [multiplied by the Weighting].] 
[Entitlement Units: [specify]]  
[Entitlement Multiplier: [specify]

--- Page 970 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
970 
 
(iv) Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(v) Observation Price Source: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(vi) [Observation Time: 
[At any time during the opening hours of the 
Exchange]/[specify] 
(vii) Observation Price: 
[Official 
level]/[Opening 
price]/[Official 
close]/[Closing 
price]/[Purchase 
price]/[Sale 
price]/[Traded price]/[Bid price]/[Asked price]/[Last 
price]/[Official settlement price]/[Daily settlement 
price]/[Not applicable]] 
(viii) 
Capitalised Exercise Price 
Rounding Rule: 
[[upwards/downwards] [⚫] digits]/[specify]] 
(Include [(v) to (vii)] if Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes 1 applies) 
(ix) Underlying Reference Level [1]: 
[specify]/[Official 
level]/[Official 
close]/[Last 
Price]/[Bid 
price]/[Asked 
price]/[Standard 
Price]/[Not applicable] 
 
MFP AER Valuation: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable Insert related provisions from 
Conditions] 
(x) [Underlying Reference Level 2: 
[specify]/[Standard 
Price][Last 
Price]/[Not 
applicable]] 
(xi) [MFP AER Valuation: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable]: 
 
[MFP AER Value [1]:

--- Page 971 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
971 
 
 
[insert relevant value(s) and related provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
[MFP AER Value 2: 
 
[insert relevant value(s) and related provisions from 
Conditions]]] 
(xii) [(A)] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level [1]: 
[specify] 
[(B) Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level [2]: 
[specify]] 
[AER Range Level: 
[specify]] 
[AER Range Level 1: 
[specify]] 
[AER Range Level 2: 
[specify]] 
(xiii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Percentage(s): 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not applicable] 
(xiv) 
AER Exit Rate: 
[Not applicable] 
 
[AER Rate] 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions] 
 
[AER up Rate] 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions] 
 
[AER CSN Rate]

--- Page 972 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
972 
 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions] 
(xv) Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)/Time/Period(s): 
[specify]/[AER Knock-out Date]/[As per Base 
Condition 8.5(c)] 
[AER 1 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/Period(s)]: 
[specify] 
 
[AER 2 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/Period(s)]: 
[specify]] 
 
[For Fixed Income payouts, consider whether this is 
the interest determination date (i.e. 2 business days 
prior to the Automatic Early Redemption Date)] 
(xvi) [AER Event 1 Underlying[s]: 
[See item [⚫] below]/[Not applicable]] 
(xvii) [AER Event 2 Underlying[s]: 
[See item [⚫] below]/[Not applicable]] 
(xviii) [AER Event 1 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
(xix) [AER Event 2 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]]] 
47. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS FOR VALUATION(S) 
(a) 
[Strike Date:] 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Linked Note 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
(N.B. Only applicable to Currency Linked Note)

--- Page 973 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
973 
 
(b) 
[Strike Price:] 
[specify] / [see item [⚫] above] / [Not applicable] 
(c) 
[Redemption Valuation Date:] 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Linked Note 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
(d) 
[Averaging:] 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].]  
(Not applicable to Inflation Linked Notes) 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Linked Note 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
(N.B. only applicable to Currency Linked Notes) 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] (as defined in Base Condition 3) will 
apply.]  
(N.B. Not applicable to Commodity Linked Notes) 
(e) 
[Observation Dates:] 
[[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Linked Note 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
(N.B. only applicable to Currency Linked Notes)

--- Page 974 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
974 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
[Observation 
Day 
Disruption Consequences are not applicable.]  
(N.B. Not applicable to Commodity Linked Notes) 
 
[Observation Day Disruption Consequences are not 
applicable.]] 
(f) 
[Observation Period:] 
[specify]/[Not applicable] (Not applicable to Inflation 
Linked Notes) 
(g) 
[Settlement Business Day:] 
"Settlement Business Day" for the purposes of Base 
Condition 4 means [specify]. [Not applicable]  
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Physical Delivery 
Notes) 
(h) 
[Note Threshold on the Issue Date]: 
[Specify] 
 
(Only relevant for Italian Listed Notes where Single 
Final Payout Capitalised Call and Put Notes and/or 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout Capitalised Call 
and Put Notes 1 are applicable) 
48. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SECURITY 
Whether Notes are Secured Notes: 
The Notes are [Secured/Unsecured]38 Notes 
 
[The provisions of Annex 13 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Secured Notes) shall [not] apply.] 
 
(If Notes are Unsecured Notes, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this item 48) 
 
38 If the Notes are CREST Dematerialised Notes “Unsecured” must be selected.

--- Page 975 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
975 
 
(a) 
Initial Collateral Assets: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable describe 
this: for example wording see below: 
 
[In the case where the Initial Collateral Assets are a 
loan or loans: 
[[currency] [amount]] of principal amount of a loan 
originally made by [●] to [●] as evidenced by [●] 
dated and [describe transfer instrument to the Issuer] 
 
[In the case where the Initial Collateral Assets are 
cash: 
[[currency] [amount]]] deposited with [the Custodian] 
 
[In the case where the Initial Collateral Assets are 
debt securities: 
[[●] issued by [●] [and guaranteed by [●]] 
[ISIN and Common Code: [●]]] 
 
[In the case where the Initial Collateral Assets are 
equity securities: 
[[●] [type of fund shares] issued by [●]] 
[ISIN: [●]]] 
Date of establishment of equity issuer: [⚫] 
Publication of price information: [via exchange] 
Frequency of publication: [daily]/[weekly]/[monthly] 
Daily trading volumes: [⚫]

--- Page 976 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
976 
 
Regulatory authority: [specify]] 
[In the case where the Initial Collateral Assets are 
shares, units or interests in a UCITS Fund: 
[[⚫] [type of fund shares] issued by [⚫]] 
[ISIN:   
[⚫]]] 
[Issuer]/[Obligor] address: [specify] 
Regulated 
market 
(or 
equivalent) 
on 
which 
[issuer]/[obligor]/[guarantor] is admitted to trading: 
[insert details of Stock Exchange and related 
exchange, if applicable] [insert electronic link where 
the documentation in relation to the obligations can 
be found] 
(b) 
Eligible Collateral: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
[If applicable set out details out of criteria] 
(c) 
Charged 
Agreement/Collateral 
Arrangements: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
 
[(NB – for Secured Notes, one but not both of this 
paragraph 
(Charged 
Agreement/Collateral 
Arrangements) 
and 
the 
following 
paragraph 
(Collateral Arrangements Only) should be specified 
as applicable] 
(i) Counterparty: 
[Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A.]/[Mediobanca 
International 
(Luxembourg) 
S.A.]/[Not applicable] 
(ii) Charged Agreement[s]: 
[Transfer 
Agreement 
[and 
Credit 
Support 
Document]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 977 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
977 
 
(iii) Additional 
Charged 
Agreement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable][If Applicable, describe 
this] 
(iv) Transfer Agreement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If Applicable, describe this, in particular the basis on 
which further Collateral Assets may be provided, if 
not adjusted in "Credit Support Document" below. 
For example wording see below: 
 
[The agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
the Counterparty evidenced by [an ISDA 2002 Master 
Agreement and schedule thereto entered into by the 
Issuer and the Counterparty] [a repurchase agreement] 
[a sale and purchase agreement] dated on or about the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche, [as supplemented by 
the Credit Support Document specified below] [and 
together with the confirmation entered into by the 
Issuer and the Counterparty in respect of the Secured 
Notes], the purpose of which is to allow the Issuer to 
perform its scheduled obligations under the terms of 
the Secured Notes and collateralise the Counterparty's 
obligations under the agreement (the “Transfer 
Agreement”). Accordingly, the Transfer Agreement 
provides that: 
(A) 
initially, the Issuer shall pay to the 
Counterparty the proceeds of issue of the 
Secured Notes; 
(B) 
over the term of the Secured Notes and at 
scheduled maturity thereof (and in certain 
circumstances on the early redemption of the 
Secured Notes) the Counterparty shall pay to 
the Issuer payments which correspond to those 
which the Issuer is scheduled to make to 
Noteholders under the Conditions; and

--- Page 978 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
978 
 
(C) 
as collateral for the Counterparty's obligations 
under the Transfer Agreement over the term of 
the Secured Notes the Counterparty shall 
deliver the Initial Collateral Assets and from 
time to time additional Collateral Assets to the 
Issuer and, as applicable, the Issuer shall re-
deliver Collateral Assets to the Counterparty, 
in each case (a) on the basis of the [insert 
valuation period and timing of valuation] fair 
market valuation of the existing Collateral 
Assets and the Secured Notes and (b) as soon 
as practicable following such valuation.] 
er Agreement Termination Date: [●].]/ 
 
[The agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
the Counterparty evidenced by [an ISDA 2002 Master 
Agreement (Multicurrency – Cross Border) and 
schedule thereto entered into by the Issuer and the 
Counterparty] [a repurchase agreement] [a sale and 
purchase agreement] dated on or about the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche [together with the confirmation 
entered into by the Issuer and the Counterparty in 
respect of the Secured Notes], the purpose of which is 
to allow the Issuer to perform its scheduled 
obligations under the terms of the Secured Notes (the 
“Transfer Agreement”). Accordingly, the Transfer 
Agreement provides that: 
(A) 
initially, the Issuer shall pay to the 
Counterparty the proceeds of issue of the 
Secured Notes; and 
(B) 
over the term of the Secured Notes and at 
scheduled maturity thereof (and in certain 
circumstances on the early redemption of the 
Secured Notes) the Counterparty shall make 
payments to the Issuer equal to the payments

--- Page 979 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
979 
 
and/or deliveries which the Issuer is scheduled 
to make to Noteholders under the Conditions.  
Transfer Agreement Termination Date: [●].]39 
(v) Credit Support Document: 
[If Applicable describe this, including the basis on 
which further Collateral Assets may be provided. For 
example text, see below: 
 
[The ISDA 1995 Credit Support Annex (English law) 
between the Issuer and the Counterparty (the “Credit 
Support Document”) dated the Issue Date in respect 
of the first Tranche which provides that over the term 
of the Secured Notes the Counterparty will transfer to 
the Issuer by way of Credit Support the Initial 
Collateral Assets and from time to time additional 
Collateral Assets subject to an obligation of the Issuer 
to return such assets from time to time (in whole or in 
part, as applicable), in each case (a) on the basis of the 
[insert valuation period and timing of valuation] fair 
market valuation of the existing Collateral Assets and 
the Secured Notes and (b) as soon as practicable 
following such valuation.]] 
(vi) (A) Counterparty's 
rights 
to assign and/or to 
delegate its rights and 
obligations under the 
Transfer Agreement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(B) Security 
Ranking 
Basis: 
[Counterparty Priority Basis]/[Noteholder Priority 
Basis]/[Pari Passu Basis]/[Other] 
(C) Value Basis/Nominal 
Basis 
(specify 
for 
purposes 
of 
[Base 
[Not Applicable][[Value/Nominal] Basis applies 
[and, where Value Basis applies, the Coverage 
Percentage is [●]%] 
 
39 Delete as applicable.

--- Page 980 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
980 
 
Condition 18] (Further 
Issues)): 
(D) Value: 
[Specify determination method, including any 
relevant valuation haircuts, or state “The definition of 
“Value” in Secured Notes Condition 1 (Definitions) 
applies”] 
(d) 
Collateral Arrangements Only: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
 
[(NB – for Secured Notes, one but not both of this 
paragraph (Collateral Arrangements Only) and the 
preceding paragraph (Charged Agreement/Collateral 
Arrangements) should be specified as applicable] 
(i) 
Adjustment of Collateral 
Assets: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(ii) (A) Value 
Basis/Nominal 
Basis: 
[Not Applicable][[Value/Nominal] Basis applies 
[and, where Value Basis applies, the Coverage 
Percentage is [ ]%] 
(B) Value: 
[Specify determination method, including any 
relevant valuation haircuts, or state “Base Condition 
13 applies”] 
(iii) 
(A) Issuer Collateral Assets 
Optional Top Up Right: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(B) Issuer Collateral Assets 
Excess Removal Right: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(C) Issuer Collateral Assets 
Maintenance Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 981 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
981 
 
(D) Issuer Collateral Assets 
Substitution Right (with 
coverage test): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(E) Issuer Collateral Assets 
Substitution 
Right 
(without coverage test): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(e) 
Custodian: 
[●] [BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Other][Insert details] 
[Include details of Custody Agreement entered into if 
Custodian is not BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg 
Branch and relevant governing law] 
(f) 
Account Bank: 
[●] [BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Other][Insert details] 
[Include details of Account Bank Agreement entered 
into if Account Bank is not BNP PARIBAS, 
Luxembourg Branch and relevant governing law] 
(g) 
Early Redemption: 
[Early redemption upon a Charged Agreement 
Termination: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Note enforceable on termination of Transfer 
Agreement: [No] [Yes, if terminated as a result of an 
event of default occurring under the Transfer 
Agreement]] 
[Early redemption upon a Regulatory Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(h) 
Additional Event of Default: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]. 
[If applicable, describe Additional Event of Default]

--- Page 982 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
982 
 
(i) 
Additional Charging Document: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]. 
[If 
applicable, 
describe 
Additional 
Charging 
Document, including any Luxembourg pledge] 
[For the purpose of the Notes the terms specified in these Final Terms are deemed to be incorporated into the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes as amended and/or supplemented by the provisions of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions set out in the Annex specified in the Final Terms (the "Conditions") and shall thereby complete 
the Conditions for the purpose of the Notes and these Final Terms may be regarded as evidencing the complete 
Conditions.]40 
 
 
 
40 To be inserted if the Notes are CREST Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 983 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
983 
 
RESPONSIBILITY [AND THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
The information contained in these Final Terms [[●] has been extracted from [●]. [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and 
the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and 
is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.].  
[The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.] 
[The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for this unsigned document in PDF format dated on the 
date mentioned below that is the final version of the Final Terms relating to the Notes described herein.] 
[Signed on behalf of the relevant Issuer: 
 
By:………………………………. 
[By: …………………………… 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised] 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
By:……………………………….. 
[By: ……………………………. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]]

--- Page 984 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING41 
[Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Listing42: 
[Official List of the [Euronext Dublin]/[Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange]/[Euronext Paris]] [SeDeX] [EuroTLX] 
[Euronext Access Paris]/[specify other trading venues not 
being a regulated market for the purpose of Directive 
2014/65/EU]/[None]] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading43: 
[Application [has been made][is expected to be made] by 
the relevant Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [[the regulated market [of the 
[Euronext 
Dublin] 
[Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange][ Euronext Paris] [SeDeX multilateral trading 
facility which is not a regulated market for the purpose of 
Directive 2014/65/EU] [the multilateral trading facility of 
EuroTLX which is not a regulated market for the purpose 
of Directive 2014/65/EU] [the multilateral trading facility 
of Euronext Access Paris which is not a regulated market 
for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU] with effect from 
[●]]/[specify other trading venues not being a regulated 
market for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU] [Not 
applicable] 
[The Issuer reserves the right to make [further] 
application[s] for the Notes to be admitted to listing and/or 
trading on [additional] markets/trading venues.] 
 
 
 
[[Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.]/[•] 
will act as Liquidity Provider with reference to the Notes 
traded on [•].]  
 
41 Include only where listing of Notes is anticipated. 
42 Where application is only made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility and no application for the admission 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor any offer in the European Economic Area or the UK in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation are provided for, this 
document will not constitute the Final Terms for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation but will constitute a pricing 
supplement. 
43 Where application is only made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility and no application for the admission 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor any offer in the European Economic Area or the UK in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation are provided for, this 
document will not constitute the Final Terms for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation but will constitute a pricing 
supplement.

--- Page 985 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
985 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
[(iii)] 
[Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:] 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
2. 
 
RATINGS 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] 
rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]. 
 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider:  
[●]]. 
 
 
 
[Depending on the status of the credit rating agency with 
respect to the CRA Regulation, the wording below should 
be considered] 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is 
established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). As such 
[insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such Regulation – see 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation.]  
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA entity] 
is not established in the European Union and is not 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). [Insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU CRA entity] is therefore not included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation.] 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA entity] 
is not established in the European Union and has not

--- Page 986 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
986 
 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). The 
ratings [have been/are expected to be] endorsed by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity] in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. [Insert the legal 
name of the relevant EU CRA entity] is established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. As such [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU CRA entity] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA 
Regulation 
– 
see 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation. The European Securities Markets Authority 
has indicated that ratings issued in [Japan / Australia / the 
USA / Canada / Hong kong / Singapore / Argentina / 
Mexico / the United Kingdom (delete as appropriate)] 
which have been endorsed by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU CRA entity that applied for registration] may 
be used in the EU, by the relevant market participants.] 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA entity] 
is not established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"), but it 
[is]/[has applied to be] certified in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation [and it is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA 
Regulation 
– 
see 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation]/[although notification of the corresponding 
certification decision has not yet been provided by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority and [insert the 
legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation].] 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is 
established in the European Union and has applied for

--- Page 987 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
987 
 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority [and [insert 
the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is not included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
in accordance with such Regulation].] 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA entity] 
is not established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). 
However, the application for registration under the CRA 
Regulation of [insert the legal name of the relevant EU 
CRA entity that applied for registration], which is 
established in the European Union disclosed the intention 
to endorse credit ratings of [insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU CRA entity][, although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant EU 
CRA entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation]. The European Securities Markets 
Authority has indicated that ratings issued in [Japan / 
Australia / the USA / Canada / Hong Kong / Singapore / 
Argentina / Mexico / the United Kingdom (delete as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity that applied for 
registration] may be used in the EU by the relevant market 
participants.] 
3. 
 
NOTIFICATION 
 
 
[Not applicable.] [The Central Bank of Ireland [has been requested to provide/has provided – include 
first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the 
Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [names of competent authorities 
of host member states] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement thereto dated [●]] has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.]

--- Page 988 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
988 
 
[The Final Terms have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland for onward communication to 
the [insert placeholders for competent authority of each Host Member State].] 
4. 
 
INTERESTS 
OF 
NATURAL 
AND 
LEGAL 
PERSONS 
INVOLVED 
IN 
THE 
ISSUE/OFFER/LISTING 
 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
“Save 
[for 
the 
fees 
[of 
[insert 
relevant 
fee 
disclosure]] 
payable 
to 
the 
[Dealer(s)/Distributors]/[include other entities] and] as discussed [in the "[●]" paragraph in the "[●]" 
section in the Base Prospectus], so far as the relevant Issuer is aware, no [other] person involved in 
the [issue/offer/listing] of the Notes has an interest material to the [issue/offer/listing].”] 
[When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation]  
[Not applicable] 
5. 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[Not applicable] / [See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus] / [give details] 
 
 
 
(See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks will need to include those reasons 
here.)] 
 
 
 
(Delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph 
if Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible 
Sustainability Assets are not relevant. Otherwise, insert 
the details below, to the extent known at the date of the 
Final Terms.) 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be applied by 
the Issuer to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
Eligible [Green / Social / Sustainability] Assets[, as set out 
in further detail below]. [Further details on Eligible 
[Green/Social/Sustainability] Assets are included in the 
“Mediobanca Green and Sustainable Bond Framework”,

--- Page 989 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
989 
 
which will be made available, [together with the Second-
party 
Opinion,] 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-
relations/financing-rating/green-social-and-
sustainability-bond-framework.html]. Capitalised terms 
shown below have the meaning given to them in the section 
of the Base Prospectus entitled “Use of Proceeds”.] 
 
 
• 
[Eligible assets: 
[   ]] 
 
 
• 
Periodic updates: 
(Insert details of periodic updates, including an updated 
list of Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or 
Eligible Sustainability Assets (as the case may be) 
financed and/or refinanced with the net proceeds of the 
Notes, the amounts allocated and their expected impact, 
any ongoing process of verification and information on 
key performance indicators relating to such projects.) 
 
 
• 
Documents on display: 
(State where the list of eligible assets and any documents 
containing periodic updates are or will be available for 
viewing by Noteholders.)] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[Not applicable] / [Up to] [●] 
 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority.  If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.)]  
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[Not applicable] / [●] 
[Include breakdown of expenses.]44 
6. 
 
YIELD  
[fixed rate Notes only] 
[Appliable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
 
Calculated as [include details of method of calculation in 
summary form] on the Issue Date using [the ICMA 
 
44 It is only necessary to include disclosure of net proceeds and total expenses at (ii) and (iii) above where disclosure is included at (i) above.

--- Page 990 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
990 
 
Method] [●]. 
 
 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date 
on the basis of the Issue Price[,] [and] the [Interest 
Rate][and Fixed Interest Amount] [and the Broken 
Amount]. It is not an indication of future yield. 
7. 
 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES  
[floating rate Notes only] 
 
 
Historic interest rates: 
[Not 
applicable] 
[Details 
of 
historic 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SARON/CMS/] 
can 
be obtained [free of charge] [at a charge] from 
[Reuters]/[•].] 
8. 
 
FURTHER INFORMATION PUBLISHED BY THE ISSUER  
[Not applicable if the Notes are Credit Linked Notes] 
 
 
[The Issuer does not intend to provide any further information on the past and future performance 
and/or volatility of the Underlying Reference. [The Issuer will provide further information relating 
to the past and future performance and/or volatility of the Underlying Reference on [insert source 
[•]] [and update the information on an ongoing basis following issuance of the Notes]. Such 
information will include [describe information: [•]]  
9. 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING REFERENCE  
 
 
[Information on the past and future performance of the Underlying Reference[s] and [its][their] 
volatility can be obtained [free of charge] [at a charge] [•] /[[on the public website on www. [  ] [ ] 
[and on the [Bloomberg] or [Reuters] page as provided for each Component composing the 
Underlying Reference. [NB ensure such page is given there] [If no public information exists, insert: 
in a physical form at the offices of [insert address/telephone number]] 
[In case of Credit Linked Notes, insert: 
[Where the Reference Entity or the Reference Obligation is a single entity or is a single obligation, 
or in the case of a basket of Reference Entities or Reference Obligations where a single reference 
entity or single obligation represents 20% or more of the basket: 
[If the Reference Entity (or obligor in respect of the Reference Obligation) has no securities admitted 
to trading on a regulated market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market, so far as 
the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from information published by the Reference Entity (or

--- Page 991 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
991 
 
by the obligor in respect of the Reference Obligation), supplement or drawdown prospectus will 
include information relating to the Reference Entity (or to the obligor in respect of the Reference 
Obligation) as if it were the issuer (in accordance with the registration document for wholesale non-
equity securities)] 
[If the Reference Entity (or the obligor in respect of the Reference Obligation) has securities already 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market, 
so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from information published by the Reference 
Entity (or by the obligor in respect of the Reference Obligation), its name, ISIN, address, country of 
incorporation, industry or industries in which the Reference Entity (or the obligor in respect of the 
Reference Obligation) operates and the name of the market in which its securities are admitted]] 
[In the case of a basket of Reference Entities or Reference Obligations, where a single reference 
entity or reference obligation represents less than 20 % of the basket: 
Name(s) of [the Reference Entities] [the obligors in respect of the Reference Obligations]: 
ISIN:]] 
 
 
[If the relevant Underlying Reference is an index or basket of indices, insert: 
The sponsor of the, or each, index composing the Underlying Reference also maintains an Internet 
Site at [the following address] [•] where further information may be available in respect of the 
Underlying Reference.  
[Name of Index Sponsor Website  
[Insert relevant disclaimer for each index:]] 
10. 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[      ] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[      ] 
 
 
CFI: 
[      ][Not Applicable] 
 
 
FISN: 
[      ][Not Applicable] 
 
 
New Global Note Intended to be held 
in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs45 as Common Safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting, as 
 
45 The International Central Securities Depositories (i.e. Euroclear S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme).

--- Page 992 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
992 
 
Common Safekeeper),] [include this text for Registered 
Notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra¬day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] [include this text if "yes" selected in which case 
the Notes must be issued in NGN form] 
/[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper),][include this text for 
Registered Notes]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
 
 
Relevant Clearing System(s): 
[Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream/ 
Euroclear 
UK 
& 
Ireland/Euronext Securities Milan/other] 
[if CDIs add: The Notes will be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK and Ireland (CREST) via the CREST 
Depositary Interest (CDI) mechanism] 
 
 
If other that Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme 
include 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[      ]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 993 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
993 
 
11. 
 
DISTRIBUTION46 
[Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names and addresses of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not 
applicable/give 
names 
and 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers.)  
 
(ii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[Not applicable] [      ] 
  
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
Non-exempt offer: 
[Not applicable] [An offer of the Notes may be made by 
[the Managers and] [specify if applicable] other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in 
[specify relevant member state(s) – which must be 
jurisdictions where the Prospectus and any supplements 
have been passported] ("Public Offer Jurisdictions") 
during the period from [specify date] until [specify date] 
("Offer Period"). See further item 12 (Terms and 
Conditions of the Offer) of Part B below. 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do not constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be prepared 
in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do not constitute “packaged” 
 
46 Delete if the Notes are issued in denominations of Euro 100,000 or more.

--- Page 994 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
994 
 
products and a key information document will be prepared 
in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
12. 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
THE OFFER47  
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this item 12) 
 
 
Offer Period: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Offer Amount: 
[give details] [provided that, during the Offer Period, the 
Issuer will be entitled [(following consultation with the 
relevant Dealer(s))] to increase such Offer amount up to 
[●]] [provided [further] that, during the Offer Period the 
Issuer will be entitled [(following consultation with the 
relevant Dealer(s))] to extend the length of the Offer 
Period]. The Issuer [and the relevant Dealer(s)] shall 
forthwith give notice of any such [increase] [and/or] 
[extension] pursuant to Base Condition 16 (Notices) and 
comply with any applicable laws and regulations.] 
 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
47 Delete if the Notes are issued in denominations of Euro 100,000 or more.

--- Page 995 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
995 
 
 
 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and the 
indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(Where the Issuer is subject to Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 or Directive 2014/65/EU and to the extent that 
they are known, include those expenses contained in the 
price) 
 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the relevant Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries where 
the offer takes place. 
[None/give details] 
 
 
Consent to use of Base Prospectus 
[The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in 
[Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] [or] [Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg] [and] [or] [France] by all financial 
intermediaries (general consent).] 
[General consent for the subsequent resale or final 
placement of the Notes in [Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] 
[or] [Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] [and] [or] [France] by 
the financial intermediary[y][ies] is given in relation to 
[●].] 
[The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in 
[Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] [or] [Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg] [and] [or] [France] by the following 
financial intermediary[y][ies] (individual consent): [insert 
names] and address[es]].] 
[Individual consent for the subsequent resale or final

--- Page 996 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
996 
 
placement of the Notes in [Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] 
[or] [Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] [and] [or] [France] by 
the financial intermediary[y][ies] is given in relation to [] 
to [insert names] and address[es]] and [give details]. 
[The Issuer[s]'s consent to the use of the Base Prospectus 
by each [Dealer] [and] [financial intermediary] is subject 
to the condition that such [Dealer] [and] [financial 
intermediary] complies with the applicable selling 
restrictions as well as the terms and conditions of the 
offer.] 
[Such Issuer[s]'s consent to the use of the Base Prospectus 
is also subject and given under condition that the [Dealers] 
[and] [financial intermediaries] using the Base Prospectus 
commit[s] [themself] [itself] towards [their] [its] 
customers to a responsible distribution of the Notes. This 
commitment is made by the publication of the [Dealers] 
[and] [financial intermediaries] on [their] [its] website 
stating that the prospectus is used with the consent of the 
Issuer and subject to the conditions set forth with the 
consent].] [Beside, such consent is not subject to and given 
under any condition.] 
[The subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes in 
[Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] [or] [Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg] 
[and] 
[or] 
[France] 
by 
financial 
intermediaries can be made [as long as the Base 
Prospectus is valid in accordance with article 12 of the 
Prospectus Regulation] [   ].] 
13. 
 
SECONDARY 
MARKET 
PRICING  
[Applicable48] [Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this item 13)  
[In the event that the Issuer decides to purchase the Notes 
from the Noteholders prior to the Maturity Date, the 
 
48 Where application is only made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility and no application for the admission 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor any offer in the European Economic Area or the UK in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation are provided for, this 
document will not constitute the Final Terms for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation but will constitute a pricing 
supplement.

--- Page 997 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
997 
 
secondary market pricing provided by the Issuer on the 
Notes will reflect [●] (give details of hedge unwinding 
costs and/or loss of profit related to such hedging 
portfolio)] 
[A secondary market for the Notes will be available 
[through 
the 
multilateral 
trading 
facility 
of 
[EuroTLX][SeDeX][[•], where Mediobanca/[•] will act as 
Liquidity Provider with a maximum bid/ask spread of [•] 
per cent. [under normal market conditions]/[specify 
other].] 
14. 
 
SPECIFIC 
BUY 
BACK 
PROVISIONS 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this item 14) 
[The value of the Notes shall reflect and shall be calculated 
on the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying 
Transactions.  
The Market Value of the Underlying Transactions affects 
the repurchase price (Buy Back Price), if any, of the Notes, 
before their maturity.] 
 
 
• 
Underlying Transactions: 
Information on the composition (unbundling) of the 
Interest Basis, in particular the Extra-Yield with respect to 
the yield of Notes with equal payoff but without Specific 
Buy Back Provisions, and the composition of the 
Underlying Transactions, and any relevant changes 
thereof, shall be published on [the website of Mediobanca 
www.mediobanca.it] 
[the 
website 
of 
Mediobanca 
International www.mediobancaint.lu] [the website of 
MBFL [●]] [the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [the website of Euronext Dublin] [specify 
alternative method of publication]].]  
 
 
• 
Specified Currency: 
[specify] 
15. 
 
[EU 
BENCHMARKS 
REGULATION

--- Page 998 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
998 
 
 
 
[Benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable] [and] [Assets deliverable] under the 
Notes will be determined by reference to [●] which is 
provided by [●]. (if more than one, specify in relation to 
each relevant Benchmark) 
As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "EU 
BMR"). [As far as the Issuer is aware [[insert name of 
Benchmark[s]/the [relevant] Benchmark] [does/do] not 
fall within the scope of the EU BMR by virtue of Article 
2 of the EU BMR.]/[, the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the EU BMR apply, such that [●] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]] 
[Amounts payable] [and] [Assets deliverable] under the 
Notes will be determined by reference to [●] which is 
provided by [●]. (if more than one, specify in relation to 
each relevant Benchmark) 
As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it 
forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA 
(the "UK BMR"). [As far as the Issuer is aware [[insert 
name 
of 
Benchmark[s]/the 
[relevant] 
Benchmark] 
[does/do] not fall within the scope of the UK BMR by 
virtue of Article 2 of the UK BMR.]/[, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the UK BMR apply, such that 
[●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the United Kingdom, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]]

--- Page 999 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
999 
 
PART C – OTHER APPLICABLE TERMS 
[Insert other relevant information and provisions in accordance with Annex 28 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980, such as (i) additional provisions, not required by the relevant securities notes, relating 
to the underlying country(ies) where the offer(s) to the public takes place, (ii) country(ies) where admission to 
trading on the regulated market(s) is being sought, (iii) country(ies) into which the relevant base prospectus has 
been notified, (iv) series number, (v) tranche number. Delete if not required]

--- Page 1000 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
1000 
 
  
PART D – SUMMARY OF THE SPECIFIC ISSUE 
[Insert Summary of the specific issue]

--- Page 1001 ---
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Provisions relating to Notes while in Global Form 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of 
the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary 
(in the case of a CGN) or a common safekeeper (in the case of an NGN) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the 
case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder") must look solely to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for 
such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation 
to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long 
as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the 
Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, 
the relevant Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and (in the case of an NGN) effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the 
certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary 
Global to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons,

--- Page 1002 ---
1002 
 
Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-fifth day after the 
bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive 
Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has occurred 
and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon 
has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the 
Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the 
principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such 
forty-fifth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case of (c) 
above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice 
to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deeds of Covenant. 
Under the Deeds of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire directly 
against the relevant Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the 
Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the Issuer will give notice of the 
exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and, where applicable, 
with Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note

--- Page 1003 ---
1003 
 
against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the 
bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-fifth day after the 
bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note 
on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have 
under the Deeds of Covenant). Under the relevant Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of 
Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as 
holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the relevant Issuer will give notice of 
the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Base Condition 16 (Notices). 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they apply to 
the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of 
any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the relevant Issuer 
in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the 
Global Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure that, in respect of a CGN, the payment is noted on a schedule thereto 
and, in respect of an NGN, the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 1004 ---
1004 
 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 16 (Notices) of the Base Conditions, while all the Notes are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent 
Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary, 
common depositary or common safekeeper (as the case may be) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of the 
Base Conditions, on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system; provided, however, that, so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin 
and its rules so require, notices will also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland 
or on the website of the Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).

--- Page 1005 ---
1005 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of the 
relevant Issuer. 
Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds 
If the Tranche of the Notes to be issued is described as Green Bonds and/or Social Bonds and/or Sustainability 
Bonds, the relevant Final Terms will describe the relevant projects to which the net proceeds of the Tranche of 
Notes will be applied, including by reference to the relevant bond framework and where further details of the 
relevant projects will be available. In accordance with the relevant definition criteria set out by the International 
Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) from time to time: 
(a) 
only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Assets will be denominated “Green 
Bonds”; 
(b) 
only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Social Assets will be denominated “Social 
Bonds”; and 
(c) 
only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Sustainability Assets will be denominated 
“Sustainability Bonds”. 
In the event of a project divestment or if a project no longer meets the eligibility criteria, an amount equal to the 
net proceeds of the “Green Bonds”, “Social Bond” or “Sustainability Bonds” will be used to finance or refinance 
other projects qualifying as Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainability Assets, as the 
case may be. 
Green Bonds 
Eligible Green Assets have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green 
projects set out in the Green Bond Principles published by ICMA. For the purpose of this section, “Eligible Green 
Assets” include projects aimed at addressing the key climate change concerns referred to in the “Mediobanca 
Green 
and 
Sustainable 
Bond 
Framework” 
published 
in 
the 
Mediobanca’s 
website 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/green-social-and-sustainability-bond-
framework.html. 
Social Bonds 
Eligible Social Assets have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for social 
projects set out in the Social Bond Principles published by ICMA. For the purpose of this section, “Eligible Social 
Assets” include projects aimed at providing and/or promoting the social projects referred to in the “Mediobanca 
Green 
and 
Sustainable 
Bond 
Framework” 
published 
in 
the 
Mediobanca’s 
website 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/green-social-and-sustainability-bond-
framework.html.

--- Page 1006 ---
1006 
 
Sustainability Bonds 
For the purpose of this section, “Eligible Sustainability Assets” means projects with positive environmental and 
social outcomes, in accordance with the applicable Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by ICMA (involving 
a combination of its Green Bond Principles and Social Bond Principles), as further specified in the “Mediobanca 
Green 
and 
Sustainable 
Bond 
Framework” 
published 
in 
the 
Mediobanca’s 
website 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/green-social-and-sustainability-bond-
framework.html. 
Second-party Opinion 
Where the Final Terms specify that the proceeds to the Notes will be used to finance or refinance Eligible Green 
Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainability Assets (in whole or in part), the Issuer may appoint 
consultants and/or institutions with recognised expertise in environmental sustainability to issue a second-party 
opinion (a “Second-party Opinion”) attesting that the relevant projects have been defined in accordance with the 
broad categorisation of eligibility for those projects set out by ICMA. 
The Final Terms relating to such Notes will specify (to the extent known at the relevant date): 
(i) 
further details of the Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainability Assets 
selected by the Issuer for financing and/or refinancing with the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes; 
(ii) 
where a list of the relevant projects is or will be available for viewing by Noteholders; and 
(iii) 
details of periodic updates, including an updated list of the relevant projects financed and/or refinanced 
with the net proceeds of the Notes, the amounts allocated and their expected impact, any ongoing process 
of verification, information on key performance indicators relating to such projects and where that 
information will be made available for viewing by Noteholders.

--- Page 1007 ---
1007 
 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
This section of the Base Prospectus reflects the contents of certain information contained in the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca and the audited non-consolidated annual financial 
statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021. 
History and development of Mediobanca 
Legal status and information 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. was set up on 10 April 1946 by virtue of a notarial deed drawn 
up by Notary public Arturo Lovato, file no. 3041/52378. Mediobanca is a joint stock company incorporated under 
Italian law registered in the Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi Companies' Register under Registration no. 00714490158 
having its registered office and administrative headquarters in Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia 1, 20121 Milan, Italy, tel. 
No.: (0039) 02-88291. The LEI code of Mediobanca is: PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44. Mediobanca operates 
under Italian law, and the court of Milan has jurisdiction over any disputes arising against it. At the date hereof, 
Mediobanca’s issued share capital totals Euro 444,169,467.5, represented by 849,257,474 registered shares.  
Important events in Mediobanca's recent history  
Neither Mediobanca nor any company in the Group have carried out transactions that have materially affected or 
that might be reasonably expected to materially affect, Mediobanca's ability to meet its obligations towards third 
parties. 
On 24 May  2023, Mediobanca’s Board of Directors approved the guidelines of its 2023-26 Strategic Plan (the 
“Strategic Plan”) – and unveiled it to the financial community on the same date – based on the results achieved 
in the past four years.  
The Strategic Plan contains certain targets to be reached by end-June 2026 (the “Plan Objectives”). The Plan 
Objectives include a growth of the Mediobanca Group in all the segments in which it operates (Wealth 
Management, Corporate & Investment Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance, Holding Functions) in terms of 
(among others) profitable assets, revenues, earnings and profitability. As at the date hereof, the Plan Objectives 
and strategic targets were generally confirmed. 
Mediobanca has been assigned with the following rating levels: 
Rating agency 
Rating type  
Short-term 
debt 
Long-term 
debt 
Outlook 
Most recent 
rating action 
S&P’s 
Issuer Credit 
Rating (“ICR”) 
A-2 
BBB 
Stable 
29 July 2022

--- Page 1008 ---
1008 
 
Fitch Ratings 
Issuer Default 
Rating (“IDR”)  
F3 
BBB 
Stable 
17 December 
2021 
Moody’s 
Issuer Default 
Rating (“IDR”)  
P-2 
Baa1 
Negative 
9 August 2022 
 
Mediobanca will publish updated information on its ratings on its website www.mediobanca.com in the specific 
section www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/rating.html.  
For an explanation of the rating given by S&P please see below the S&P rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of no more than 
one year 
Investment grade 
AAA 
The obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is extremely strong. 
AA 
The obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is very strong. An 
obligation rated 'AA' differs from the highest-rated 
obligations only to a small degree. 
A 
The obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated 
categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation is still strong. 
BBB 
The 
obligation 
exhibits 
adequate 
protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions 
or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to 
Investment grade 
A-1 
The obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is strong. Within this 
category, certain obligations are designated with a plus 
sign (+). This indicates that the obligor's capacity to 
meet its financial commitment on these obligations is 
extremely strong. 
A-2 
The obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher rating 
categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation is satisfactory. 
A-3 
The 
obligation 
exhibits 
adequate 
protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a 
weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation.

--- Page 1009 ---
1009 
 
a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. 
(Source: Standard & Poor's) 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of less than one 
year 
Speculative grade 
BB 
The obligation is less vulnerable to nonpayment than 
other speculative issues. However, it faces major 
ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse 
business, financial, or economic conditions which 
could lead to the obligor's inadequate capacity to meet 
its financial commitment on the obligation. 
B 
The obligation is more vulnerable to nonpayment than 
obligations rated 'BB', but the obligor currently has 
the capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. Adverse business, financial, or economic 
conditions will likely impair the obligor's capacity or 
willingness to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. 
CCC 
The obligation is currently vulnerable to nonpayment, 
and is dependent upon favorable business, financial, 
and economic conditions for the obligor to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. In the event 
of 
adverse 
business, 
financial, 
or 
economic 
conditions, the obligor is not likely to have the 
capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. 
CC 
Speculative grade 
B 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics. The obligor currently has 
the capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation; 
however, 
it 
faces 
major 
ongoing 
uncertainties which could lead to the obligor's 
inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitment 
on the obligation. 
B -1 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, but the obligor has a 
relatively stronger capacity to meet its financial 
commitments over the short-term compared to other 
speculative-grade obligors. 
B -2 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, and the obligor has an 
average speculative-grade capacity to meet its 
financial commitments over the short-term compared 
to other speculative-grade obligors. 
B -3 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, and the obligor has a 
relatively weaker capacity to meet its financial

--- Page 1010 ---
1010 
 
The obligation is currently highly vulnerable to 
nonpayment. 
C 
A 'C' rating is assigned to obligations that are 
currently 
highly 
vulnerable 
to 
nonpayment, 
obligations that have payment arrearages allowed by 
the terms of the documents, or obligations of an issuer 
that is the subject of a bankruptcy petition or similar 
action which have not experienced a payment default. 
D 
The obligation is in payment default. The 'D' rating 
category is used when payments on an obligation, 
including a regulatory capital instrument, are not 
made on the date due even if the applicable grace 
period has not expired, unless Standard & Poor's 
believes that such payments will be made during such 
grace period. 
commitments over the short-term compared to other 
speculative-grade obligors. 
C 
The obligation is currently vulnerable to nonpayment 
and is dependent upon favorable business, financial, 
and economic conditions for the obligor to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. 
D 
The obligation is in payment default. The 'D' rating 
category is used when payments on an obligation, 
including a regulatory capital instrument, are not made 
on the date due even if the applicable grace period has 
not expired, unless Standard & Poor's believes that 
such payments will be made during such grace period. 
NB:  ratings from "AA" to "CCC" inclusive can be modified by adding the "+" or "-" minus sign to specify the 
position. 
For an explanation of the rating given by Fitch please see below the Fitch rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of no more than 
one year 
Investment grade 
AAA 
Denote the lowest expectation of default risk. They 
are assigned only in cases of exceptionally strong 
capacity for payment of financial commitments. This 
capacity is highly unlikely to be adversely affected by 
foreseeable events. 
AA 
Investment grade 
F-1 
Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely 
payment of financial commitments; may have an 
added "+" to denote any exceptionally strong credit 
feature. 
F-2

--- Page 1011 ---
1011 
 
Denote expectations of very low default risk. They 
indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial 
commitments. This capacity is not significantly 
vulnerable to foreseeable events. 
A 
Denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity 
for payment of financial commitments is considered 
strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more 
vulnerable to adverse business or economic 
conditions than is the case for higher ratings 
BBB 
Indicate that expectations of default risk are currently 
low. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered adequate but adverse 
business or economic conditions are more likely to 
impair this capacity. 
Good intrinsic capacity for timely payment of 
financial commitments. 
F-3 
The intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial 
commitments is adequate. 
(Source: Fitch Ratings) 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of less than one 
year 
Speculative grade 
BB 
Indicate an elevated vulnerability to default risk, 
particularly in the event of adverse changes in 
business or economic conditions over time; however, 
business or financial flexibility exists which supports 
the servicing of financial commitments. 
B 
Indicate that material default risk is present, but a 
limited 
margin 
of 
safety 
remains. 
Financial 
commitments are currently being met; however, 
capacity for continued payment is vulnerable to 
Speculative grade 
B 
Minimal capacity for timely payment of financial 
commitments, plus heightened vulnerability to near 
term adverse changes in financial and economic 
conditions. 
C 
Default is a real possibility. 
RD 
Indicates an entity that has defaulted on one or more 
of its financial commitments, although it continues to

--- Page 1012 ---
1012 
 
deterioration 
in 
the 
business 
and 
economic 
environment. 
CCC 
Default is a real possibility. 
CC 
Default of some kind appears probable. 
C 
Default is imminent or inevitable, or the issuer is in 
standstill. 
RD 
Indicate an issuer that in Fitch Ratings' opinion has 
entered into bankruptcy filings, administration, 
receivership, liquidation or other formal winding-up 
procedure, or which has otherwise ceased business. 
meet other financial obligations. Applicable to entity 
ratings only. 
D 
Indicates a broad-based default event for an entity, or 
the default of a short-term obligation. 
 
For an explanation of the rating given by Moody's please see below the Moody's rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than one year 
Aaa  
Obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of credit risk. 
Aa 
Obligations rated Aa are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. 
A 
Obligations rated A are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk.  
Baa

--- Page 1013 ---
1013 
 
Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may 
possess certain speculative characteristics. 
Ba 
Obligations rated Ba are judged to be speculative and are subject to substantial credit risk. 
B 
Obligations rated B are considered speculative and are subject to high credit risk. 
Caa 
Obligations rated Caa are judged to be speculative of poor standing and are subject to very high credit risk. 
Ca 
Obligations rated Ca are highly speculative and are likely in, or very near, default, with some prospect of 
recovery of principal and interest. 
C 
Obligations rated C are the lowest rated and are typically in default, with little prospect for recovery of principal 
or interest. 
 
Note: Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. 
The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 
indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category. Additionally, a "(hyb)" indicator is appended to all ratings of hybrid securities issued by banks, insurers, 
finance companies, and securities firms. 
(Source: Moody's) 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (formerly, Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Italy S.r.l.) ("S&P"), 
Fitch Ratings ("Fitch") and Moody’s France S.A.S. ("Moody's") are credit rating agencies which are established 
in the European Community and have been registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
subsequently amended and supplemented) (the "CRA"). As such, S&P, Fitch and Moody's are included in the 
latest list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA – see https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Principal categories of products sold and/or services provided

--- Page 1014 ---
1014 
 
As provided in Article 3 of the company’s Articles of Association, the purpose of the company is to raise funds 
and provide credit in any of the forms permitted, especially medium- and long-term credit to corporates. 
In complying with the regulatory provisions in force, the company may perform all banking, financial and 
brokerage operations and services, and any other operation instrumental or otherwise related to the achievement 
of its corporate purpose. 
The Mediobanca Group’s activities are segmented as follows: 
• 
Wealth Management (WM): this division brings together all asset management activities provided to 
clients in the following segments: 
• 
Premier, served by CheBanca!; 
• 
Private & HNWI, served in Italy by Mediobanca Private Banking, and in the Principality of 
Monaco by CMB Monaco, including fiduciary activities performed by Spafid, Spafid Family 
Office SIM and Spafid Trust; 
• 
Asset Management, the principal entities in which are the product factories Polus Capital 
(Alternative AM), RAM Active Investments (Alternative AM), Mediobanca Management 
Company, Mediobanca SGR, and, since September 2021, also Bybrook Capital LLP, an 
alternative asset manager focused on the European distressed market. 
• 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB): this division brings together all services provided to 
corporate clients: 
• 
Wholesale Banking (WB): Client Business (lending, advisory, and capital market activities) and 
proprietary trading performed by Mediobanca, Mediobanca International, Mediobanca 
Securities and Messier & Associés; 
• 
Specialty Finance: factoring, performed by MBFACTA, and credit management (on behalf of 
third parties only), performed by MBCredit Solutions and MBContact Solutions. Last year the 
Group decided to spin off its NPL portfolio acquisition business unit, commencing a gradual 
and orderly disposal process. Accordingly, the business has been spun off to the newly-
incorporated company Revalea (set up in April 2022 and 100%-owned by Compass. Thus from 
1Q FY 2022-23, all NPL management activities have been transferred to the Holding Functions 
division. 
• 
Consumer Banking (CB): this division provides retail clients with the full range of consumer credit 
products: personal and special-purpose loans, salary-backed finance, credit cards, plus a buy-now-pay-
later solution called “Pagolight”. This year for the first time the division also includes the Group’s 
investments in the two fintech operators HeidiPay and Soisy. Also included in Consumer Finance are 
Compass RE, which reinsures risks linked to insurance policies sold to clients, Compass Rent, which

--- Page 1015 ---
1015 
 
operates in second-hand vehicle and car hire, and Compass Link, which distributes Compass products 
and services via external collaborators; 
• 
Insurance - Principal Investing (PI): this division comprises the Group’s portfolio of equity 
investments and holdings, including the stake in Assicurazioni Generali. The latter investment has been 
this division’s main constituent for many years, and is distinguished for its sound management, 
consistency of results, high profitability and contributions in terms of diversification and stabilization of 
the Mediobanca Group’s revenues. The division includes the Group’s investments in funds and SPVs 
and/or managed by the Group’s asset management companies (seed capital) based on an approach that 
combines mid-term profitability for the Group with synergies between the divisions, as well as private 
equity activities; 
• 
Holding Functions: this division comprises SelmaBipiemme Leasing, MIS and other minor companies, 
Group Treasury and ALM (with the aim of optimizing funding and liquidity management on a 
consolidated basis, including the securities held as part of the banking book), and the part of costs relating 
to central Group functions not allocated to the business lines, including operations, support units 
(Planning and Financial Reporting, Corporate Affairs, Investor Relations, etc.), senior management and 
the control units (Risk Management, Group Audit and Compliance. As from this year, the NPL portfolio 
management business spun off to Revalea S.p.A., which was incorporated in April 2022 and obtained 
clearance to operate from the supervisory authority at the year-end, has been included as part of the 
Holding Functions. 
As at 30 June 2022, Mediobanca had a market capitalization of approximately €7 billion.  
Premier – CheBanca! 
Mediobanca operates in wealth management with Affluent & Premier clients through its subsidiary CheBanca!. 
This subsidiary, launched in 2008, effectively served as retail deposit gatherer for the Mediobanca Group 
throughout the financial crisis. Since 2016 it has developed a distribution model based on strong investments in 
technology and innovation and an advisory-based approach which has enabled the company to become a 
recognized, high-growth operator in its reference market, with client TFAs which currently total €35 billion. 
Today CheBanca! is distinguished by its: 
• 
High brand recognition; 
• 
Effective, innovative multi-channel distribution (internet, 207 own branches/POS, 531 FAs and 509 
relationship managers); 
• 
Substantial customer base (approximately 825,000 clients); 
• 
Strong commercial results: €17 billion in deposits, €18 billion in AUM/AUA, and a loan book of €12 
billion in mortgage lending.

--- Page 1016 ---
1016 
 
At 30 June 2022, the company employed a total of 1,489 staff. 
Private & HNWIs 
The product/service offering to clients is split between: 
• 
MB Private Banking offers private banking services through its 90 bankers and 10 branch offices, 
working to help develop asset management activities in synergy with the mid-cap platform. The 
Mediobanca Private Banking product offering for high net worth clients includes portfolio management, 
advisory and financing services. Independence, operational autonomy, focus on private investment 
banking activities, and excellence and quality of service, are the hallmarks of a bank which has 
approximately €16.6 billion in AUM/AUA at its branches in Bergamo, Bologna, Brescia, Florence, 
Genoa, Milan, Padua, Rome, Turin and Treviso. 
• 
CMB Monaco ("CMB") is 100%-owned by Mediobanca. CMB, a market leader in the private banking 
sector in the Principality of Monaco, has assets under management of approximately €7.8 billion. Its 
geographical position, indepth knowledge of markets and absolute independence make it a player of 
primary importance, able to provide exclusive services to its clientèle, ranging from loans to asset 
management. 
• 
Spafid, 100%-owned by Mediobanca, this company provides fiduciary administration services for equity 
investments, stock market investments and fiduciary services for issuers. 
MB Asset Management 
The product factories forming part of the Wealth Management division include Polus Capital, RAM, Mediobanca 
SGR and Bybrook Capital. 
• 
Polus Capital, a 51% stake in which was completed in December 2015 (the percentage stake currently 
owned is 64.6%), is an asset manager and advisor based in London, specializing in credit products. In 
September 2021 Polus Capital expanded its product offering in the alternative credit segment through the 
acquisition of Bybrook Capital, an asset manager specializing in distressed credit based in London.  
• 
RAM AI, a 69% stake in which was acquired in March 2018 (the percentage is now 94.9%), is one of the 
leading European systematic asset managers, offering a wide selection of alternative funds to a vast range 
of institutional and professional investors. 
• 
Mediobanca SGR, set up in 2017 following the merger of Banca Esperia into Mediobanca S.p.A., plays 
a key role in defining investment strategies and developing innovative products for the Group’s networks. 
Consumer Credit – Compass Banca (Compass)

--- Page 1017 ---
1017 
 
Mediobanca has operated in the consumer credit sector since the 1960s through its subsidiary Compass. Compass 
today is one of the leading consumer credit operators on the Italian market, with a market share of approximately 
9%, a share that rises to 13% in the personal loans segment. 
Compass offers products (including personal loans, special purpose loans for acquisition of consumer durable 
goods, credit cards and salary-backed finance), using a highly diversified distribution network consisting of 181 
own branches, branches run by agents (67) and Compass Quinto branches (54), distribution agreements with 
banking partners and retailers (including BancoPosta). 
In the financial year ended 30 June 2022, Compass reported a loan book of approximately €13,8 billion and a 
headcount of 1,454 staff. 
Wholesale Banking 
Mediobanca seeks to provide its corporate clients with advisory services and financial services to help them grow 
and develop. 
The Wholesale Banking Division is divided into Client Business and Proprietary Trading. Client Business 
includes three different areas: Investment Banking, Debt Division, and Market Division. 
1. 
Investment Banking 
Corporate finance 
Mediobanca is a leader in Italy, and has an increasingly significant role at the European level in financial advisory 
services through its branch offices in London, Paris and Madrid, and through Messier & Associés, in which it 
holds an 79.7% stake. A client-based approach is adopted, backed by indepth knowledge of the financial issues 
and a consolidated track record in executing deals. The operating unit is organized into different industry teams 
covering individual industries to provide more effective specialization. 
Corporate finance is structured into the following activities: 
• 
Defining strategic objectives for companies and identifying extraordinary financing transactions in order 
to help meet them; 
• 
Extraordinary financing transactions: mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and partnerships, disposals 
and spinoffs; 
• 
Liability restructuring: earnings/financial analysis of companies/groups undergoing restructuring; working 
out financial rebalancing scenarios; negotiating with key creditors; 
• 
Corporate restructuring: LBOs, MBOs, spinoffs and tax-/inheritance-related issues; 
• 
Company valuations, on a standalone basis and for purposes of setting exchange ratios;

--- Page 1018 ---
1018 
 
• 
Relations with authorities: assistance in handling relations with market authorities, primarily Consob and 
Borsa Italiana. 
Messier & Associés 
Founded at the end of 2010, Messier & Associés is now one of the three leading corporate finance boutiques in 
France, with a loyal client base at both national and international level. 
Messiers & Associés specializes in M&A advisory services, which it provides to large and mid-cap clients, and 
in financial sponsors activity. The company also performs debt and capital advisory and debt restructuring 
activities. Headquartered in Paris, it has offices in New York and employs around 37 staff. 
2. 
Equity capital markets 
Mediobanca is the Italian leader and has a role of increasing importance internationally in structuring, co-
ordinating and executing equity capital markets transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, secondary offerings and 
ABOs, and bonds convertible into equity solutions (equity derivatives to manage investments and treasury shares): 
this unit structures and implements extraordinary financing transactions involving equity investments and treasury 
shares; using a dedicated trading platform, the team offers customers innovative, high value-added solutions, and 
also handles any legal, accounting, tax and regulatory issues. 
Debt Division 
Lending & Structured Finance 
The Financing teams serve Mediobanca’s Italian and international customers, through the branch offices located 
in Paris, London and Madrid, offering: 
• 
Advice in evaluating possible capital structures and financing solutions available from among a vast 
series of debt products, including considering possible implications in terms of rating; 
• 
Structuring and executing lending transactions; 
• 
Access to the international syndicated loans market; 
• 
Facility and security agent services for corporate and structured lending transactions. 
The principal Lending & Structured Finance area products are: 
• 
Corporate lending (bilateral loans, club deals and syndicated loans): corporate loans aimed at supporting 
customers’ financial requirements generated by investments or related to their companies’ growth; the 
financial solutions offered are aimed primarily at medium-/large-sized firms operating on domestic and 
international markets, in industrial and service-based sectors.

--- Page 1019 ---
1019 
 
• 
Structured finance (acquisition finance, loans for LBOs/MBOs, project finance, infrastructure finance, 
real estate finance): financial support to corporate counterparties and institutional investors as part of 
leveraged transactions to acquire stakes in listed and unlisted companies; a wide range of lending 
transactions are developed, arranged, structured, underwritten and executed based on complex structures, 
and because of their size these are often syndicated on the international market. On the back of its solid 
track record in various sectors, customers are provided with advisory services covering the entire process 
of structuring deals to support investment and infrastructure or industrial projects, including offering 
strategies, selection of the most effective debt instruments, hedging strategies, financial modelling and 
structuring contracts. 
Mediobanca International 
Mediobanca International is mainly focused on lending operations to companies in the following forms: corporate 
lending (bilateral loans, club deals, and syndicated facilities) and structured finance (acquisition finance, 
LBO/MBO loans, project finance, infrastructure finance, real estate finance). These uses are financed from 
funding raised on international markets via specific programmes (Notes, Structured Notes, Certificates, Warrants, 
Euro Commercial Tradable Papers, Euro Commercial Papers), short- and medium-term, mostly guaranteed by 
parent company Mediobanca S.p.A. 
3. 
Debt capital market 
The debt capital market team manages the origination, structuring, execution and placement of bond issues 
(corporates and financials), covered bonds, and securitizations, seeking to meet its clients’ needs for financing. 
Market division 
Mediobanca operates on the secondary markets, trading equities and fixed-income securities, foreign exchange 
products and credit risk, interest rate and exchange rate derivatives. The division’s activities are divided into the 
following areas: 
• 
CMS: this area structures solutions based on interest rates, credit and alternative products; it targets 
corporate clients, banks and institutional investors who need to restructure their investment portfolios, 
increase asset liquidity and diversify their sources of funding. Advisory services and structuring ad hoc 
solutions for alternative investments targets institutional investors; 
• 
Equity derivatives institutional marketing: a range of equity-linked investments are offered to banks, 
insurances, asset managers and family offices, from synthetic replications of simple underlying assets to 
sophisticated protection mechanisms and solutions for increasing the return on portfolios, funded or 
unfunded; 
• 
MB Securities: this is Mediobanca’s equity brokerage division, offering global access to equity markets 
and research on the Italian market (over 100 companies are covered), plus a pan-European focus on the 
financials sector (banks and insurances); a dedicated team also offers corporate broking services.

--- Page 1020 ---
1020 
 
4. 
Proprietary Trading 
Proprietary trading is carried out by two units: 
• 
Trading portfolio (HFT Credit, HFT Fixed income, xVA, Global Macro): responsible for trading 
bond portfolios and centralized management Cross Value Adjustments, providing support to both 
Strategic Portfolio & ALM and to the other Group legal entities; 
• 
Equity & Derivatives Trading: responsible for the Bank’s trading activities in various equity market 
products (equities and derivatives). 
5. 
Specialty Finance 
Specialty Finance activities include managing and financing credit and working capital. Factoring activities are 
managed by MBFACTA and credit management operations (on behalf of third parties only) by MBCredit 
Solutions. 
• 
MBCredit Solutions has for many years performed credit recovery activities (on behalf of third parties 
only ) Last year the Group decided to spin off its NPL portfolio acquisition business unit, commencing a 
gradual and orderly disposal process. Accordingly, the business has been spun off to the newly-
incorporated company Revalea (set up in April 2022 and 100%-owned by Compass. Thus from 1Q FY 
2022-23, all NPL management activities have been transferred to the Holding Functions division. 
• 
MBFACTA provides trade receivables sale and discount services (with and without recourse, maturity, 
supply credit) to refinance corporate working capital. As well as the financial benefits, this service can 
also include an insurance component (guarantee against insolvency or delays in payments) and/or a 
management component (portfolio management, accounting, collection and recovery). The factoring 
platform’s factoring offering will be tailored specifically to developing the Mid Corporate segment in 
synergy with the other services offered by CIB to this category of firm. 
Principal investing 
The Principal Investing division consists primarily of the Bank’s investment in Assicurazioni Generali, which is 
consolidated using the equity method. The value option which the investment represents for the Group is in terms 
of available, liquid resources that can be activated in the event of growth acquisitions materializing. 
Principal Investing also includes the funds invested by the Mediobanca Group in the seed capital of the alternative 
funds managed by the asset management companies. 
Company 
Sector 
% of share capital as at 
30/6/22 
Book value as at 30/6/22 
€m

--- Page 1021 ---
1021 
 
Assicurazioni Generali  
Insurance 
12.83% 
3,069.4 
 
Leasing 
Mediobanca owns a direct 60% stake in SelmaBipiemme Leasing, with the other 40% held by the Banca Popolare 
di Milano. The group operates in financial leasing. 
Treasury 
The Group’s Treasury and ALM units are centralized at parent company level with the objective of optimizing 
funding and liquidity management. The Group Funding unit is responsible for the Group’s funding, raised in all 
technical forms ranging from deposits to debt securities to financing. With regard to the issuance of securities, the 
Group Funding Unit is responsible for structuring, issuing and placing debt products, the proceeds from which 
are used to finance the Bank’s activities. Funding operations take the form primarily of the issuance of securities, 
both plain vanilla and structured. Notes are placed with retail investors through public offerings (implemented via 
the Wealth Management division companies’ proprietary network), through individual third-party banking 
networks (either on an exclusive basis or via groups of banks operating as syndicates), and direct sales on the 
MOT bond market operated by Borsa Italiana. Demand from institutional investors is met via public offerings of 
securities on the Euromarket and by private placements of bespoke products tailored to meet the investor’s specific 
requirements. 
NPL acquisitions management 
As from this year, the NPL portfolio management business spun off to Revalea S.p.A., which was incorporated 
in April 2022 and obtained clearance to operate from the supervisory authority at the year-end, has been included 
as part of the Holding Functions. 
New products or new activities 
Without prejudice to the contents hereof (section 5.1), no significant new products and/or services have been 
introduced that are worth being recorded or disclosed publicly. 
Principal markets 
The Mediobanca Group’s activities are principally focused on the domestic market (from a geographical 
standpoint Italy accounts for approximately 80% of the Group’s loan book). In particular: 
• 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB): in WB, half the revenues and loan book is originated by the Italian 
market, the other half by other countries (notably France, Spain and the United Kingdom); while Specialty 
Finance activities are focused on the domestic Italian market. The division employs some 632 staff, 146 of 
whom are based outside Italy;

--- Page 1022 ---
1022 
 
• 
Consumer Banking: activities focus exclusively on the Italian market, and employ approximately 1,507 
staff at 248 branches/agencies; 
• 
Wealth Management (WM): this division’s activity is focused primarily on the Italian market, with the 
exception of CMB (which operates in the Principality of Monaco), RAM AI (which operates throughout 
Europe from its headquarters in Switzerland), and Polus Capital (which operates in the United Kingdom); 
and employs 2,140 staff, with approximately 1,200 FAs/relationship managers, and over 200 
branches/financial shops; 
• 
Leasing activities chiefly target the domestic market. 
The agreement on future relations between the United Kingdom and the European Union was signed on 30 
December 2020, ratified by the European Parliament in April 2021, even though it had already been applied 
provisionally from 1 January 2021 as authorized by the European Council. For financial services, the agreement 
does not provide for any broader reciprocal access to markets than the agreements which the EU has entered into 
with other commercial partners. At the end of March 2021, the EU and the United Kingdom executed a 
Memorandum of Understanding establishing a framework for Financial Services Regulatory Co-operation, which 
does not replace the banking and financial services passporting arrangements. 
Mediobanca currently operates in the United Kingdom, both at its London branch office and cross-border, under 
the Temporary Permissions Regime (TPR) permitted by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), which allows 
the Bank to continue to perform its current activities as though it were formally authorized. The FCA has asked 
Mediobanca to start the formal process in order to receive its own authorization to operate in the United Kingdom 
as a third country branch from the Financial Conduct Authority by June 2022. Mediobanca has also undertaken a 
series of initiatives, in accordance with the ECB guidance, to address the issue of no longer being allowed to serve 
EU clients from the United Kingdom. These have included transferring some front office staff members (including 
some considered as key function holders) from the London branch offices to other offices located within the EU 
(15 in total in the course of 2020). There are still some areas of uncertainty, however, regarding the application of 
some of the market regulations (e.g. on shares/derivatives trading obligations), for which specific solutions have 
been adopted in order to ensure that the new rules are complied with. The total number of staff employed by the 
London branch, which was 89 as at 30 June 2020, had declined to 73 as at 30 June 2022. It should be emphasized 
that the Group’s activities in the United Kingdom continue to be relatively minor (accounting for approximately 
3% of its total revenues).  
As far as regards UK-based Group company Polus Capital (“Polus”), the company has delegated management of 
its funds to an Ireland-based fund manager (Carne Global Fund Managers Ireland Limited), which in turn has sub-
delegated management back to Polus itself. Polus will therefore continue to handle the investment strategies and 
portfolio management for the funds. The marketing activity for the funds, though, will be performed by a company 
in the process of being set up to be owned by Polus. 
Basis of any statement made by the Issuers in the Base Prospectus regarding their competitive position 
The Base Prospectus contains no statement by the Issuers regarding their competitive position.

--- Page 1023 ---
1023 
 
Mediobanca Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework 
Mediobanca “Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework” (the “Mediobanca Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework”) has been established according to the Green Bond Principles (2021), the 
Social Bond Principles (2021) and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (2021), which are overseen by the 
International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”). The Mediobanca Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework sets out rules and procedures to identify eligible projects and initiatives, aligned with best market 
practices, aiming at full transparency and quality of Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds issued. 
The Mediobanca Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is presented through the following key pillars: 
1. use of proceeds 
2. project evaluation and selection 
3. management of proceeds 
4. reporting 
5. external review 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds (as 
applicable) issued under this Base Prospectus and in accordance with the Mediobanca Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework will serve to finance and/or refinance green, social and sustainability assets 
belonging to the following categories (together, the “Eligible Categories”): 
• 
Renewable energies: projects related to the generation of energy, including connection to the grid and 
transportation, from certain renewable sources, as specified in the Mediobanca Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework; 
• 
Energy efficiency: financing projects and infrastructures or the purchase of equipment featuring 
improved efficiency in energy usage; 
• 
Sustainable mobility: financing projects related to the manufacture of low carbon technologies for 
transport and operation of personal mobility devices and cycle logistics; 
• 
Green and energy efficient buildings: financing – including retail mortgages – or refinancing for 
construction, purchasing, development and renovation of residential and commercial buildings; 
• 
Circular economy & Pollution prevention and control: projects contributing to the development of a 
circular economy; 
• 
Environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources: loans to borrowers with high 
level sustainability criteria in the forestry sector;

--- Page 1024 ---
1024 
 
• 
Sustainable water: projects dedicated to and aimed at improving water treatment, collection and 
distribution, centralised or for retail usage; 
• 
SME financing and social and economic advancement: projects dedicated to support employment, 
reduce social exclusion and inequalities. 
The list of Eligible Categories may be extended, with new ones added to the Mediobanca Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework, subject to external review. Mediobanca reviews the validity of the Mediobanca 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework annually, considering the development and progress made in 
all the areas tackled by environmental and sustainable best practices and upcoming regulations. The Mediobanca 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework updates will also be consistent with Mediobanca’s lending 
strategy and internal policies with respect to its ESG goals.  
The pool of assets falling within the Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets and/or Eligible Sustainability 
Assets will be approved and evaluated by an internal committee of Mediobanca (the “Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Committee”). The Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Committee will also be 
responsible for, inter alia, monitoring such pools and updating and maintaining the Mediobanca Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework (as mentioned above). 
Furthermore, to ensure the transparency and soundness of the Mediobanca Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework, Mediobanca has obtained independent verification from a second opinion provider which will assess 
and assist on sustainability profiles, performance and coherence with the ICMA’s Green Bond Principles (2021), 
Social Bond Principles (2021) and Sustainability Bond Guidelines (2021). 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds can be issued as different debt instruments, including public 
or private placements and Notes in various formats and currencies. Further details will be provided in the 
applicable documentation related to the specific transaction. The terms "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or 
"Sustainability Bonds" as used in this paragraph mean any Notes to be issued in accordance with the Mediobanca 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. 
The Mediobanca Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, as well as any future updates, will apply to 
any Green Bond, Social Bond and/or Sustainability Bond issued by the relevant Issuer as long as any such 
instrument is still outstanding. 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Description of organizational structure of group headed up by Mediobanca 
Mediobanca is the parent company of the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
The Mediobanca Group is registered as a banking group in the register instituted by the Bank of Italy. 
The following diagram illustrates the structure of the Mediobanca Group as at the date hereof.

--- Page 1025 ---
MEDIOBANCA 
100%MB FUNDING LUX 
99.99% MEDIOBANCA INNOVATION SERVICES 
100% SPAFID CONNECT 
60% SELMABIPIEMME LEASING 
1 
WEALTH MANAGEMENT 
CORPORATE 8. 
CONSUMER BANKING 
INVESTMENT BANKING 
Affluent 8, Premier 
- 
90% MEDIOBANCA 
COVERED BOND 
Private Banking 
99 89% CMG 
MONACO 
99.50% CMB ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
- 
60% CMB 
REAL ESTATE 
DEVELOPMENT SAM 
- 
100% SPAFID FAMILY 
OFFICE SIM 
- 100% SPAFID TRUST 
100% MEDIOBANCA 
SGR 
100% MEDIOBANCA 
MANAGEMENT Co. 
- 
100% MM EUROPE 
(LUX) 
- 
100% POLUS CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENT LTD 
- 
100% POLUS 
CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENT (US) 
INC 
- 
100% BYBROOK 
CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENT LTD 
- 
100% Bybrook 
Capital LLP 
- 100% Bybr0ok 
Capital Services 
LTD 
- 
100% Bybrook 
Capital 
Badminton fund 
LTD (GM 
- 100% Bybrook 
Capital Burton 
Partnership LTD 
(GP) 
- 100% Bybrook 
Capital Fund LTD 
(GPI ) 
- 
100% Bybrook 
Capital LLC (GPI ) 
- 
100% Bybrook 
Capital LP 
- 
100% MEDIOBANCA 
INTERNATIONAL 
IMMOBILIERE 
- 
SO% MESSIER 8) 
ASSOCIATES (USA) 
100%MB SECURITIES 
USA 
100% MBCREDIT 
SOLUTIONS 
- 
100% SOISY 
- 
90% OUARZO 
90% OUARZO COS 
- 100% COMPASS RE r,
- 100% COMPASS 
RENT IL 
- 100% COMPASS LINK 
— 
alMetbbarica Banking 
44wP 
or Atm.. 
Bankinllosup 
- 
pollrOar*OIDDI1 COMPASS 
WIC A 
MEDIOBANCA 
100% MB FUNDING LUX 
99.99% MEDIOBANCA INNOVATION SERVICES 
100% SPAFID CONNECT 
60% SELMABIPIEMME LEASING 
1 
WEALTH MANAGEMENT 
CORPORATE 8. 
CONSUMER BANKING 
INVESTMENT BANKING 
Affluent 8, Premier 
- 
90% MEDIOBANCA 
COVERED BOND 
Private Banking 
99 89% CMG 
MONACO 
99.50% CMB ASSET 
MANAGEMENT 
- 
60% CMB 
REAL ESTATE 
DEVELOPMENT SAM 
- 
100% SPAFID FAMILY 
OFFICE SIM 
- 100% SPAFID TRUST 
100% MEDIOBANCA 
SGR 
100% MEDIOBANCA 
MANAGEMENT Co. 
- 
100% MM EUROPE 
(LUX) 
- 
100% POLUS CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENT LTD 
- 
100% POLUS 
CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENT (US) 
INC 
- 
100% BYBROOK 
CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENT LTD 
- 
100% Bybrook 
Capital LLP 
- 100% Bybrook 
Capital Services 
LTD 
- 
100% Bybrook 
Capital 
Badminton fund 
LTD (GM 
- 100% Bybrook 
Capital Burton 
Partnership LTD 
(GP) 
- 100% Bybrook 
Capital Fund LTD 
(GPI ) 
- 
100% Bybrook 
Capital LLC (GPI ) 
- 
100% Bybrook 
Capital LP 
- 
100% MEDIOBANCA 
INTERNATIONAL 
IMMOBILIERE 
- 
SO% MESSIER 8) 
ASSOCIATES (USA) 
100%MB SECURITIES 
USA 
100% MBCREDIT 
SOLUTIONS 
- 
100% SOISY 
- 
90% OUARZO 
90% OUARZO COS 
- 100% COMPASS RE r,
- 100% COMPASS 
RENT IL 
- 100% COMPASS LINK 
— 
alMetbbarica Banking 
44wP 
or Atm.. 
Bankinllosup 
- 
pollrOar*OIDDI1 COMPASS 
WIC A 
1025

--- Page 1026 ---
1026 
 
Subsidiaries and main investee companies 
A list of the main Group companies included in the area of consolidation for the consolidated financial statements 
as at the date of this document is shown below: 
Group Companies 
Company Name 
Headquarters 
% ownership 
Type of 
investment 
COMPASS Banca S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
CHEBANCA! S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
SELMABIPIEMME LEASING S.p.A. 
Italy 
60% 
(dir) 
CMB Monaco S.A. 
Principality of 
Monaco 
100% 
(dir) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL 
(Luxembourg) S.A.* 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir) 
SPAFID S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
SPAFID TRUST S.r.l. 
Italy 
100%1 
(indir) 
SPAFID CONNECT S.p.A. 
Italy 
100%2 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA SECURITIES USA LLC 
United States of 
America 
100% 
(dir) 
MEDIOBANCA SGR S.p.A. 
Italy 
100%  
(dir) 
MEDIOBANCA MANAGEMENT COMPANY 
S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir) 
MBCREDIT SOLUTIONS S.p.A. 
Italy 
100%3 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA INNOVATION SERVICES 
S.c.p.A 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
MBFACTA S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
 
1 Investment held by Spafid S.p.A. 
2 Investment held by MIS S.c.p.A. 
3 Investment held by Compass Banca S.p.A.

--- Page 1027 ---
1027 
 
QUARZO S.r.l. 
Italy 
90%3 
(indir) 
QUARZO CQS S.r.l. 
Italy 
90%3 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA COVERED BONd S.r.l. 
Italy 
90%4 
(indir) 
CMB ASSET MANAGEMENT S.A.M. 
Principality of 
Monaco 
99,50%5 
(indir) 
CMG MONACO S.A.M. 
Principality of 
Monaco 
99,92%5 
(indir) 
COMPASS RE S.A.** 
Luxembourg 
100%3 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL 
IMMOBILIERE S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100%6 
(indir) 
POLUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT GROUP 
Ltd. 
United Kingdom 
64,37%*** 
(dir) 
POLUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Ltd. 
United Kingdom 
64,37%7*** 
(indir) 
POLUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (US) Inc.  
United States of 
America 
64,37%7*** 
(indir) 
POLUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
INVESTMENTS Ltd.(inoperative) 
United Kingdom 
64,37%7*** 
(indir) 
POLUS INVESTMENT MANAGERS Ltd. 
(inoperative) 
United Kingdom 
64,37%7*** 
(indir) 
MB FUNDING LUX S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir) 
SPAFID FAMILY OFFICE SIM S.p.A. 
Italy 
100%1 
(indir) 
RAM ACTIVE INVESTMENTS S.A. 
Switzerland 
91,70**** 
(dir) 
RAM ACTIVE INVESTMENTS (EUROPE)  
Luxembourg 
91,70%8**** 
(ind) 
MESSIER & ASSOCIES S.A.S. 
France 
79,66%***** 
(dir) 
 
4 Investment held by CheBanca! S.p.A. 
5 Investment held by CMB S.A. 
6 Investment held by Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A.  
7 Investment held by Polus Capital Group Ltd. 
8 Investment held by RAM Active Investments S.A. 
9 Investment held by Messier & Associes S.A.S. 
10 Investment held by MBCredit Solutions S.p.A.

--- Page 1028 ---
1028 
 
MESSIER & ASSOCIES LLC. 
United States of 
America 
50%9***** 
(indir) 
MBCONTACT SOLUTIONS S.r.l.**  
Italy 
100%10 
(indir) 
COMPASS RENT S.r.l.** 
Italy 
100%3 
(indir) 
COMPASS LINK s.r.l. 
Italy 
100%3 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Ltd. 
Grand Cayman  
64,37%7 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL LLP 
United States of 
America 
64,37%11 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL SERVICES (UK) Ltd 
United Kingdom 
64,37%11 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL BURTON 
PARTNERSHIP Ltd 
Grand Cayman 
64,37%11 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL (GP) LLC. 
United States of 
America 
64,37%11 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL (US) LP 
United States of 
America 
64,37%11 
(indir) 
CMB REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT S.A.M. 
Principality of 
Monaco 
100%12 
(dir/indir) 
REVALEA S.p.A. 15 
Italy 
100%3 
(indir) 
RAM ACTIVE INVESTMENTS UK** 
(inoperative) 
United Kingdom 
91,708 
(indir) 
SOISY S.P.A. 
Italy  
100%5 
(indir) 
MB INV AG S.R.L. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
 
11 Investment held by Bybrook Capital Management Ltd 
12 Investment as to 60% held by CMB Monaco and as to 40% by Mediobanca 
* Of which 1% owned by Compass. 
**These companies do not form part of the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
*** Consolidated percentage rises to 64.6% including the put-and-call options taken out in conjunction with the acquisition. 
**** Consolidated percentage rises to 98.3% including the put-and-call options taken out in conjunction with the acquisition. 
***** Consolidated percentage rises to 100% including the put-and-call options taken out in conjunction with the acquisition. 
 
Forecasts or estimates of profits

--- Page 1029 ---
1029 
 
No profit forecasts or estimates have been made in the Base Prospectus. 
Information on recent trends 
No material adverse changes have taken place in Mediobanca’s or the Group’s prospects since the consolidated 
financial statements as at 30 June 2022. 
No material adverse changes have taken place in the financial results of Mediobanca and the Mediobanca Group 
since the most recent consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2022. 
Information on trends, uncertainties, requests, commitments or known facts which could reasonably be 
expected to have material repercussions on the Issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial year 
Mediobanca is not aware of any information on trends, uncertainties, requests, commitments or facts known which 
could reasonably have significant repercussions on Mediobanca’s prospects for the current financial year. 
A deterioration in the macroeconomic scenario in relation to: (a) the crisis generated by the pandemic; (b) the 
slowdown in the rate of growth following the recession caused by the pandemic, aggravated by the increase in 
inflationary pressures; and (c) the Russia/Ukraine conflict, could impact further on the economic, social and 
financial situation in Italy and hence on the credit quality, capitalization and earnings of the Issuer which operates 
primarily on the Italian market. 
Mediobanca is committed to executing the strategic and operating guidelines of its 2019-23 Strategic Plan, 
confirming the intention to optimize capital, with the objective of restoring the CET1 ratio to 13.5% by end-June 
2023, including through share buybacks and acquisitions to strengthen the business lines. 
BODIES RESPONSIBLE FOR GOVERNANCE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISION  
Information on bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision 
Information on the Bank’s bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision is provided below, as 
updated following the Annual General Meeting held on 28 October 2020. 
Changes in the composition of the governing bodies and other information related to them are published from 
time to time on the Issuer’s website in the relevant section https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-
governance/index.html, without prejudice to the obligations set out under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Board of Directors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors, appointed on 28 October 2020 for the 2021, 2022 
and 2023 financial years until the date on which the financial statements as at 30 June 2023 will be approved, is 
made up of fifteen members, twelve of whom qualify as independent under Article 148, paragraph 3 of Italian 
Legislative Decree 58/98, nine of whom also qualify as independent under Article 19 of the company’s Articles 
of Association (the requisites for which definition are substantially aligned with those of the voluntary code of

--- Page 1030 ---
1030 
 
corporate governance issued by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the “Code of Conduct”) in respect of listed companies). 
Its composition also reflects the legal requirements in terms of gender balance. 
Composition of Board of Directors 
Name 
Post held 
Place and date  
of birth 
Term of 
office 
expires 
 
Independence 
Principal activities performed outside 
the Issuer 
Renato 
Pagliaro2 
Chairman 
Milan, 20/2/57 
28/10/23 
 
 
Maurizia 
Angelo 
Comneno1 
Deputy 
Chair 
Rome, 18/6/48 
28/10/23 
b) 
- 
Alberto 
Nagel1,2 
CEO 
Milan, 7/6/65 
28/10/23 
 
- 
Virginie Banet Director 
Neuilly sur Seine 
18/01/66 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Chairperson, Iolite  
Financial Consulting;  
Director, Netgem  
Director, Lagardère 
Francesco 
Saverio 
Vinci1,2 
Group 
General 
Manager 
 
Milan, 10/11/62 
28/10/23 
 
- 
Maurizio 
Carfagna 
Director 
Milan, 13/11/47 
28/10/23 
a)  
b) 
Director, FingProg Italia  
Director, Futura Invest 
Director, Istituto Europeo di Oncologia

--- Page 1031 ---
1031 
 
Name 
Post held 
Place and date  
of birth 
Term of 
office 
expires 
 
Independence 
Principal activities performed outside 
the Issuer 
Laura Cioli 
Director 
Macerata 
10/07/63 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
CEO, Sirti 
Director, Wellcomm Engenieering  
Director, Sofine 
Maurizio 
Costa 
Director 
Pavia, 29/10/ 48 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Amplifon 
Angela Gamba Director 
Palazzolo 
sull'Oglio 
(BS), 
15/8/70 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Edison 
Director, FPS Investments S.r.l. 
Valérie 
Hortefeux 
Director 
Aulnay (France), 
14/12/67 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Socfinasia 
Director, Financière de L’Odet  
Maximo Ibarra Director 
Calì (Colombia), 
13/12/68 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Chairman and CEO, Engineering 
Ingegneria Informatica 
Director, Engineering D HUB 
Chairman and CEO, Cybertech 
Alberto Lupoi Director 
Rome, 29/03/70 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
- 
Elisabetta 
Magistretti 
Director 
Busto Arsizio, 
21/7/47 
28/10/23 
b) 
Director, Brembo 
Director, Smeg 
Vittorio 
Pignatti-
Morano 
Director 
Rome, 14/9/57 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Trilantic Capital Management 
GP 
Director, Trilantic Capital Partners 
Management

--- Page 1032 ---
1032 
 
Name 
Post held 
Place and date  
of birth 
Term of 
office 
expires 
 
Independence 
Principal activities performed outside 
the Issuer 
Director, Trilantic Capital Partners V 
Management 
Director, Ocean Ring Jersey Co 
Director, Ocean Trade Lux Co 
Director, ICS Maugeri 
Director, Edizione 
Gabriele Villa1 Director 
Milan, 18/6/64 
28/10/23 
b) 
Standing Auditor, Edison 
Standing Auditor, Italmobiliare 
1 Member of Executive Committee. 
2 Member of Mediobanca senior management 
a) Qualifies as independent pursuant to Article 19 of the company’s Articles of Association. 
b) Qualifies as independent pursuant to Article 148, para. 3 of the Italian Finance Act. 
 
All Board members are in possession of the requisites to hold such office set by the regulations in force at the 
time. 
The address for all members of the Board of Directors for the duties they discharge is: Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1, 
20121, Milan, Italy. 
Statutory Audit Committee 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Statutory Audit Committee, appointed on 28 October 2020 for the 2021, 
2022 and 2023 financial years until the date on which the financial statements as at 30 June 2023 will be approved, 
is made up of three Standing Auditors and two Alternate Auditors.

--- Page 1033 ---
1033 
 
Composition of Statutory Audit Committee: 
Name 
Post held 
Place and date 
of birth 
Term 
expires 
Principal activities performed 
outside the Issuer as significant 
with respect to the Issuer 
Francesco di Carlo Chairman 
Milan, 04/10/69 28/10/23 
Director, Milano Investment Partners 
SGR 
Standing Auditor, 
Italiaonline 
Elena Pagnoni 
Standing 
Auditor 
Colleferro 
(Rome), 
10/05/63 
28/10/23 
 Standing Auditor, ITS Controlli 
Tecnici 
Ambrogio Virgilio Standing 
Auditor 
Bari, 05/01/56 
28/10/23 
- 
Marcello 
Caradonna 
Alternate 
Auditor 
Stornara (FG), 
22/05/59 
28/10/23 
Chair, College of Auditors CTI  
Standing Auditor, ENI 
Standing Auditor, Covercare Feedo 
System Corneliani  
Independent Director, Integrae SIM 
Director, FNM 
Roberto Moro 
Alternate 
Auditor 
Milan, 04/03/65 28/10/23 
Chair of Statutory Audit Committee, 
A2A Energia, IRE Holding, Digital 
Value, DV Holding, Pirelli Tyre, 
Formalift, T.T. Tecnosistemi 
Standing Auditor, Antas, ASM 
Energia, Energean International, 
Energean Italy, Energean Sicilia, 
Energy Wave, Italware, Fidiger, 
Duplomatic MS, Ecolombardia 4, 
Getec Italia 
Standing Auditor, Compass Rent, 
Compass Link, MBContact

--- Page 1034 ---
1034 
 
Name 
Post held 
Place and date 
of birth 
Term 
expires 
Principal activities performed 
outside the Issuer as significant 
with respect to the Issuer 
Solutions, Quarzo, Spafid, 
SelmaBipiemme Leasing, Soisy 
Stefano Sarubbi 
Alternate 
Auditor 
Milan, 06/12/65 28/10/23 
Chair of Statutory Audit Committee, 
Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane – 
Inwiit 
Chair of Statutory Audit Committee, 
Acque Minerali 
Chair of Statutory Audit Committee, 
Destination Italia 
Standing Auditor Coca Cola Italia 
Director, Sigmagest 
 
All Statutory Audit Committee members are in possession of the requisites to hold such office by law, in terms of 
fitness, professional qualifications and independence; and are all registered as auditors in the list instituted by the 
Italian Ministry for the Economy and Finances with the exception of Elena Pagnoni who is registered as a lawyer 
with the Register of Lawyers of Rome. 
The address for all members of the Statutory Audit Committee for the duties they discharge is: Piazzetta E. Cuccia 
1, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
Conflicts of interest among bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision 
A ban was instituted pursuant to Article 36 of Italian Decree Law 201/11, as converted into Italian Law 214/11, 
on representatives of banks, insurers and financial companies from holding positions in companies which operate 
in the same sectors. Each year the Board of Directors assesses the positions of the individual directors, which may 
have changed as a result of changes in the activities or size of the other companies in which they hold posts. To 
this end, each director, including in order to avoid potential conflict of interest, shall inform the Board of any 
changes in the positions assumed by them in the course of their term of office. 
Mediobanca also adopts the procedure recommended under Article 136 of the Italian Banking Act for approval 
of transactions involving individuals who perform duties of management and control in other companies 
controlled by such parties. 
Members of the bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision are also required to comply with 
the following provisions:

--- Page 1035 ---
1035 
 
• 
Article 53 of the Italian Banking Act and implementing regulations enacted by the Bank of Italy, in 
particular the supervisory provisions on links with related parties; 
• 
Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code (Directors’ Interests); 
• 
Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code (Transactions with Related Parties) ) and the Consob 
implementing regulations, in particular the Regulations on Transactions with Related Parties approved 
under resolution no. 17221 of 12 March 2010. 
Mediobanca and its governing bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to ensure compliance with 
the provisions referred to above. 
Main Shareholders  
Information on ownership structure 
No party controls Mediobanca according to the definition provided in Article 93 of the Italian Banking Act. 
Based on the shareholders’ register and publicly available information as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
following individuals and entities own directly or indirectly financial instruments representing share capital with 
voting rights in excess of 3% of the company’s share capital, directly or indirectly, are listed below: 
Shareholder 
% of share capital) 
 Delfin S.à r.l. 
19.8 
Francesco Gaetano Caltagirone (1) 
5.6 
BlackRock group (2) 
4.2 
Mediolanumgroup  
3.4 
 
(1) Form 120A dated 3/5/2022, indirect shareholding through Istituto Finanziario 2012 SpA, Gamma Srl and Fincal SpA. 
(2) BlackRock Inc. (NY) through fifteen asset management subsidiaries (form 120 B of 6 August 2020), of which 0.69% pontential holding 
and 0.13% other long positions with cash settlement. 
 
For completeness, Mediobanca holds owns shares for an amount equal to approximately 1.01% of its share capital. 
Updates relating to information on the main shareholders are published from time to time on the Issuer’s website 
www.mediobanca.com in the relevant section https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/main-
shareholders/main-shareholders.html, without prejudice to the obligations set forth in Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation regarding the possible drafting of a supplement. 
Shareholders’ Agreement

--- Page 1036 ---
1036 
 
On 20 December 2018, certain shareholders of Mediobanca representing, as at the date hereof, approximately 
10.85% of the share capital of Mediobanca entered into a prior consultation shareholders' agreement (the 
"Shareholders' Agreement") pursuant to Article 122 of the Financial Services Act and the Consob resolution 
No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as subsequently amended. The main shareholders include the Mediolanum Group, 
Fin.Priv., Monge & C. S.p.A., Gavio Group and Ferrero Group, for a total of 21 shareholders. Such Shareholders' 
Agreement is effective from 1 January 2019, will expire on 31 December 2024 and is automatically renewed for 
3-year periods among the participants who did not give notice of termination at least 3 months before the original 
or extended expiry date. No provision is made in the Shareholders' Agreement for commitments in terms of lock-
up or votes in respect of the shares syndicated to it.  
Information 
on 
the 
Shareholders’ 
Agreement 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/main-shareholders/shareholder-consultation-
agreement.html.  
Agreements the performance of which may result in a change of control subsequent to the date hereof 
Mediobanca is not aware of any agreements aimed at bringing about future changes regarding the ownership 
structure of Mediobanca. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Independent auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements 
At the annual general meeting held on 27 October 2012, the shareholders of Mediobanca appointed 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. to audit the Bank’s separate and consolidated full-year and interim financial 
statements up to and including the financial year ending 30 June 2021. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. a company with its registered offices in Piazza Tre Torri 2, Milan, Italy, has 
audited the separate and consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca as at 30 June 2021. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A is registered under No. 119644 in the Register of Accounting Auditors (Registro 
dei Revisori Legali) maintained by MEF (Ministero dell'Economia e delle Finanze) in compliance with the 
provisions of Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010, as amended.  
EY S.p.A. is an independent public accounting firm registered under no. 70945 in the Register of Accountancy 
Auditors (Registro Revisori Contabili) held by the Italian Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. EY S.p.A. is 
also a member of the ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili, being the Italian Auditors 
Association. The business address of EY S.p.A. is Via Meravigli 12, 20123 Milan, Italy. EY S.p.A. has audited 
the separate and consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca as at 30 June 2022. 
Information regarding resignations, dismissals or failures to renew the appointment of the independent 
auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements

--- Page 1037 ---
1037 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no information about any resignation, revocation or non-renewal of 
the engagement of the independent auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements. 
On 28 October 2020, the Shareholders’ Meeting of Mediobanca, at the proposal of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors, appointed the auditing firm EY S.p.A. to audit the accounts for the financial years from 30 June 2022 
to 30 June 2030. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the proceedings involving Mediobanca and its consolidated 
subsidiaries may have, or have had in the recent past, a material impact on the Group’s financial position or 
profitability, and as far as Mediobanca is aware, no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which 
may have such material impact has either been announced or is pending. 
A description of the main tax disputes and litigation pending is provided below, purely for information purposes: 
Litigation pending and tax disputes 
Civil Proceedings - Claim for damages  
Among the most significant legal proceedings still pending against Mediobanca there is the following claim for 
damages made by: 
• 
Lucchini S.p.A. in A.S. (“Lucchini") against 12 banks (including Mediobanca) claiming that the banks 
would have contributed to the economic and financial distress of the company for having drawn up and 
executed an industrial and financial plan of the company based on allegedly unrealistic forecasts and a 
restructuring agreement pursuant to article 182-bis of the bankruptcy law which provided for guarantees 
excessively favourable to the banks, thus delaying Lucchini's submission to the extraordinary administration 
procedure. With a ruling on 21 July 2020, the Court of Milan rejected Lucchini's request, ordering him to 
pay the costs. With a notice of appeal served on 28 September 2020 Lucchini appealed the sentence. 
Mediobanca is awaiting the Court of Appeal to issue its final judgement. By ruling dated 28 December 2022, 
the Court of Appeal of Milan dismissed the claims brought by Lucchini splitting legal expenses among the 
parties. Lucchini did not bring the appeal before the Court of Cassation by the term of 28 June 2023 and 
therefore the proceeding can be considered ended. 
It should be noted that on 26 July 2022 the Court of Florence declared the dismission of the dispute previously 
pending between Fondazione Monte dei Paschi di Siena ("FMPS"), its former directors, as well as Mediobanca 
and other13 banks. This ruling follows the settlement agreement entered into between FMPS and the pool of banks 
involved in such proceedings on 20 December 2021, which provided for, inter alia, a waiver of the litigation 
proceedings. Pursuant to this agreement, Mediobanca paid an amount considerably lower in respect of the original 
petitum of the claim. 
Tax – Administrative proceedings

--- Page 1038 ---
1038 
 
With regard to the dispute pending with the Italian tax authorities, the following significant changes should be 
noted with respect to the previous year. 
With reference to the alleged failure to apply transparency tax rules as required by the legislation on Controlled 
Foreign Companies (CFC) on income earned by CMB Monaco and Compagnie Monégasque de Gestion in 
financial years 2013, 2014 and 2015 (for a total of €124.4m of income and €53.7m in disputed taxes, plus penalties 
and interest), three disputes were pending against the Tax Authorities, at different levels of judgement. In detail, 
Mediobanca won the case in the first and second instances of the dispute relating to financial year 2013/2014 
(2013 profits, tax of €21.3m, plus interest and penalties). On 14 September 2022, the tax authorities notified the 
appeal before the Court of Cassation and on the following 20 October Mediobanca notified its counter-claims. In 
the joint disputes relating to financial years 2014/2015 and 2015/2016 (respectively 2014 and 2015 profits, taxes 
of €16.1m and €16.4m, plus interest and penalties), the Bank, which had won the case in the first instance, last 13 
September 2022 filed an appearance in Court to defend its rights in the second instance before the Lombardy 
Regional Tax Commission. The discussion on appeal is postponed to a new role. 
With reference to Mediobanca’s alleged failure to apply withholding taxes on interest expense paid as part of a 
secured financing transaction, a total of three disputes relating to the years 2014 - 2015 - 2016 (taxes, respectively, 
of €2.3m, €1.9m and €2.2m, plus interest and penalties) are pending. For the first two years, the Milan Provincial 
Tax Commission had dismissed the appeals lodged by the Bank; the two rulings were later appealed on 6 October 
and 12 December 2022, respectively. With reference to the disputed third year, on 11 November 2022, Italian tax 
authority issued an assessment notice against which Mediobanca lodged an appeal at the Court of First Instance 
on 11 April 2023. 
With reference to the dispute for €6.8m regarding non-repayment of interest accrued on VAT credits claimed by 
SelmaBipiemme for the year 2005 can be considered settled on a final basis; the Financial Administration waived 
the right to proceed before the Court of Cassation and paid out the full reimbursement of the sums claimed. The 
relevant provision of €3m was therefore released. 
With reference the dispute relating to the former Banca Esperia’s failure to report a money transfer abroad as part 
of the tax monitoring communication requirements, for which fines of €5.9m had been handed down, can be 
considered ended. On 29 September 2022, the ruling of the Court of Cassation was published. In it, the Court 
dismissed the appeal lodged by the Bank and ordered it to pay the costs of the litigation. 
Further tax proceedings 
In addition to those listed above, eight additional disputes are pending, including: 
• 
two disputes relating to non-repayment of interest accrued on VAT credits claimed by SelmaBipiemme (the 
“Company”) for the year 2008 (total amount of €2.5m) are pending; with reference to interest on VAT credits 
for the third quarter of 2008, the Company won the case in the first instance. The Italian Revenue Agency 
later notified the appeal on 18 October 2022 against which the Company filed an objection on 12 December 
2022; and

--- Page 1039 ---
1039 
 
• 
six disputes involving direct and indirect tax of minor amounts and at different stages of the ruling process, 
involving a total certified amount of €1.6m in tax. 
Proceedings with supervisory authorities 
Mediobanca has no ongoing proceedings with any supervisory authority. 
In relation to the effects of the so-called “Lexitor” ruling of the Court of Justice of the European Union, the Italian 
Constitutional Court, by ruling dated 22 December 2022, stated that Article 11-octies, paragraph 2, of the Italian 
government’s Sostegni Bis Decree was partially unconstitutional. As a result of such ruling of the Constitutional 
Court, consumers will be entitled to a proportional reduction of all costs incurred in relation to consumer credit 
agreements, even if they were concluded before 25 July 2021, without prejudice to the statute of limitations 
provided by law (10 years). On the basis of this ruling Compass deemed appropriate to set aside €3.3m, bringing 
provisions to €15m. 
Antitrust proceedings 
As far as the Group is concerned, Compass has been fined by the Italian Competition Authority for € 4,7 million 
and € 250,000 for alleged unfair commercial practices consisting in the mandatory sales of insurance policies 
paired with personal loans granted to customers.Compass denied the allegations and appealed before the Italian 
Administrative Tribunal and then before the State Council. These proceedings are still pending in the European 
Court of Justice. For the time being the sale of such insurance policies has been suspended.  
Inspections 
As part of the ordinary supervisory activities by the ECB, it should be noted that an OSI (on-site inspection) on 
the subject of "market risk" was launched in September 2019. The final follow-up letter of the inspection was 
delivered on 16 March 2022; the Issuer already replied to ECB with the action plan. In November 2021, an 
additional inspection was launched in parallel, focused specifically on market risk issues relating to calculation 
and monitoring of trading P&L, independent price verification and fair value measurement on a small sample of 
selected transactions. The final follow-up letter of the inspection was delivered on 16 December 2022; the Issuer 
already replied to ECB with the action plan 
MATERIAL AGREEMENTS 
Neither Mediobanca nor any of the companies controlled by Mediobanca has entered into or participates in 
agreements outside of their normal course of business which could result an obligation or entitlement for Group 
members that would impact significantly on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations in respect of the holders of 
financial instruments issued or to be issued.

--- Page 1040 ---
1040 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA – BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
The consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the years ended on 30 June 2022 and 
2021 were prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. 
The unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the period ended 31 
December 2022 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. 
The annual consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2021 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers 
S.p.A., whose report thereon is attached to such annual financial statements. 
The annual consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2022 have been audited by Ernst & Young S.p.A., 
whose reports thereon is attached to such annual financial statements. 
All of the above consolidated financial statements, prepared in each case together with the notes thereto, are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference".

--- Page 1041 ---
1041 
 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
General Information  
Name: 
Mediobanca 
International (Luxembourg) 
S.A. 
("Mediobanca 
International"). 
Date of Incorporation: 
Mediobanca International was incorporated on 13 September 1990 and 
its registered office was transferred to Luxembourg by a resolution of 
the Shareholders before a notary on 21 December 2005 and the articles 
of incorporation were published in the Mémorial Recueil des Sociétés 
et Associations number 567 on 17 March 2006. The articles of 
association were amended on 5 October 2007 and were published in 
the Mémorial Recueil des Sociétés et Associations number 2995 on 24 
December 2007. The articles of association were further amended on 
30 January 2017 and were published in the Recueil électronique des 
Sociétés et Associations number RESA_2017_042 of 16 February 
2017. 
The 
LEI 
code 
of 
Mediobanca 
International 
is 
549300DV870NBWY5W279. 
Legislation: 
Mediobanca International operates under Luxembourg law. 
Registered Office and Telephone 
Number: 
4, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, Tel. No.: (00352) 
267303-1. 
Registration: 
Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés Luxembourg number B 112885. 
Financial Year: 
Mediobanca International's financial year ends on 30th June of each 
year. 
General Meetings: 
General Meetings are held at least once a year. 
Share Information 
Authorised and Issued Capital: 
EUR 10,000,000 as at 30 June 2022 divided into 1,000,000 ordinary 
shares of EUR 10.00 each. 
Reserves: 
EUR 326,042,785 as at 30 June 2022. 
Controlling Shareholders: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.

--- Page 1042 ---
1042 
 
Change of control: 
Mediobanca International is not aware of any agreements aimed at 
bringing about future changes regarding the ownership structure of 
Mediobanca International. 
Management 
Board of Directors: 
The Articles of Association provide for a Board of Directors consisting 
of at least three members elected by the general meeting of 
shareholders for a term of office not to exceed six years. 
Directors: 
The Board of Directors is responsible for setting authorisation levels, 
defining organisational structure, defining the system of internal 
control and reviewing it on a regular basis, and approving the bank's 
accounts and interim statements. The Board of Directors has been 
appointed by the shareholders meeting held on 16 October 2020 and 
is composed as follows: 
 
Director 
Place and date of birth Posts held inside 
Mediobanca 
International 
 
Giovanni Mancuso 
Turin  
on 5 December 1954 
Chairman & 
Director 
 
Alessandro Ragni  
Milan  
on 23 May 1977 
Managing 
Director & CEO 
 
Massimo Amato 
Lecce  
on 15 January 1958 
Director 
 
Piero Pezzati 
Milan  
on 23 March 1953 
Director 
 
Jessica Spina 
Manchester 
on 27 January 1969 
Director 
 
Stéphane Bosi 
Monticelli d'Ongina on 
27 April 1953 
Director 
 
Lara Pizzimiglia 
Piacenza  
on 21 June 1969  
Director

--- Page 1043 ---
1043 
 
 
The business address of each of the directors is 4, Boulevard Joseph 
II, L-1840 Luxembourg, with the exception of Massimo Amato whose 
business address is 20, rue C. Martel, L-2134 Luxembourg and Jessica 
Spina and Lara Pizzimiglia whose business address is Piazzetta E. 
Cuccia 1, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any of the 
Directors' duties to Mediobanca International and their private 
interests or other duties. 
Authorised managers: 
Day-to-day management is entrusted to two authorised managers: 
Alessandro Ragni (Managing Director and CEO) and Rocco Cosimo 
Damiano Di Leo (Chief Financial Officer). 
Approved independent auditors: 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, incorporated under the 
laws of Luxembourg, with its registered office at 2, rue Gerhard 
Mercator, B.P. 1443, L-2182 Luxembourg, and registered with the 
Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number B.65477 
("PwC Luxembourg"), was designated, during a meeting of the Board 
of Directors held on 11 September 2012, the Mediobanca 
International's independent auditors (réviseur d'entreprises agréé). 
Their mandate was renewed by the Board of Directors on 14 December 
2016 for a period ending at the shareholders' annual general meeting 
which was held in 2021. 
PwC Luxembourg, has audited the non-consolidated financial 
statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the year ended 
30 June 2021. 
PwC Luxembourg is registered as a cabinet de révision with the public 
register of company auditors drawn up by the Luxembourg Ministry 
of Justice and is a member of the Institute of Independent Auditors 
(l'Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) and is approved by the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier ("CSSF") in the 
context of the law dated 23 July 2016 on the audit profession, as 
amended. 
The auditing firm Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme, incorporated 
under the laws of Luxembourg, with its registered office at 35E, 
Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, and registered with 
the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number 
B47771 (“EY Luxembourg”) has been appointed, during the meeting

--- Page 1044 ---
1044 
 
of the Board of Directors held on 20 October 2021, as Mediobanca 
International's independent auditors (réviseur d'entreprises agréé), for 
a period ending at the shareholders’ annual general meeting which be 
held in 2027. 
EY Luxembourg has audited the non-consolidated financial statements 
of Mediobanca International as at and for the year ended 30 June 2022. 
EY Luxembourg is registered as a cabinet de révision with the public 
register of company auditors drawn up by the Luxembourg Ministry 
of Justice and is a member of the Institute of Independent Auditors 
(l'Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) and is approved by the CSSF in 
the context of the law dated 23 July 2016 on the audit profession, as 
amended. 
Corporate governance: 
Mediobanca International is not subject to any compulsory corporate 
governance code of conduct or respective statutory legal provisions. 
The Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies, as amended, does not make the application of a corporate 
governance code mandatory to Mediobanca International. The Ten 
Principles of Corporate Governance of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange do not apply because the shares of Mediobanca International 
are not listed on a regulated market operated by the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
Object and General Business Policy 
Business Operations: 
Article 3 of Mediobanca International's Article of Association 
provides, among other things, that the object of Mediobanca 
International is to carry out, either within or outside the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, any banking or financial operations authorised by the 
law relating to the financial sector. 
 
Mediobanca International is mainly focused on corporate lending 
operations and on raising funds on international markets via specific 
short and medium-term notes programmes guaranteed by Mediobanca.  
Risk Management: 
All interest rate, currency, credit and other risks are managed within 
the Mediobanca Group. 
Tax Treatment: 
See "Taxation - (B) Luxembourg Tax Regime for Mediobanca 
International and MBFL ".

--- Page 1045 ---
1045 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL 
(LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
Mediobanca International only produces non-consolidated annual financial statements. 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years ended 30 
June 2022 and 2021 were prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. 
All of the above non-consolidated financial statements, prepared in each case together with the notes thereto, are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the year ended 30 June 2021 have been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, whose report thereon are attached to such non-consolidated annual 
financial statements.  
The non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the year ended 30 June 2022 have been audited by 
Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme, whose reports thereon are attached to such non-consolidated annual financial 
statements.

--- Page 1046 ---
1046 
 
INFORMATION ON MB FUNDING LUX SA 
History and Current Business 
Incorporation, Duration and Domicile 
MBFL was incorporated on 13 September 2016 under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as a public 
limited liability company (société anonyme) and was originally subject as an unregulated securitisation company 
(société de titrisation) to the provisions of the Luxembourg act dated 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended 
(the Securitisation Act 2004). Further to an amendment of the articles of incorporation of MBFL on 24 April 
2017, MBFL is no longer an unregulated securitisation company (société de titrisation non-agréée) and subject 
to the provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004. MBFL has been incorporated for an unlimited duration and is 
registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) 
under number B209165. MBFL has been established as a special purpose vehicle, among others, to offer 
securities. 
The articles of association of MBFL (the Articles) were first published on 27 September 2016 in the Luxembourg 
official gazette (RESA, Recueil électronique des sociétés et assocíations), number RESA 2016 103. The Articles 
of MBFL were most recently amended and restated on 23 January 2019 by a notary deed published on 31 January 
2019 in the Luxembourg official gazette (RESA, Recueil électronique des sociétés et assocíations), number 
RESA_2019_026. Each amendment to the Articles will be published in the official gazette (RESA, Recueil 
électronique des sociétés et assocíations) in Luxembourg. The registered office of MBFL is at 6, Rue Eugène 
Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg. The telephone number of MBFL is +352 264 491 and the fax number of MBFL is 
+352 264 49167. 
Principal activities of MBFL 
The principal activities of MBFL are those which are set out in MBFL's corporate objects clause, which is Article 
4 of the Articles. 
The corporate objects of MBFL are (i) to lend on a secured or unsecured basis to its sister company (Mediobanca 
International Luxembourg SA) or to Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario – SpA, its parent company (the 
Parent Company), or to purchase assets based in Luxembourg and/or in foreign countries, under the format of 
loans or securities, whose performance is directly or indirectly guaranteed by its sister company (Mediobanca 
International Luxembourg SA) or by its Parent Company, (ii) to borrow funds on a secured or unsecured basis, 
via the issuance of securities or by entering into loan agreements and (iii) to enter into other transactions, or to 
perform other activities, ancillary or necessary to facilitate the performance of points (i) and (ii) above, including 
subscribing derivative instruments (which, to avoid any doubt, can be of funded or unfunded type) or granting 
any kind of security interests or guarantees over all or part of its assets in order to secure all or part of its 
obligations, provided that (x) at each point in time, the aggregate cashflows expected to be received by MBFL 
under the transactions described at point (i) are at least equal to the aggregate cashflows due by MBFL under the 
obligations described at points (ii) and (iii), (y) that all obligations described at point (ii) will be directly or

--- Page 1047 ---
1047 
 
indirectly guaranteed by the Parent Company and that (z) MBFL shall not carry out any activity in the financial 
sector on a professional basis which requires the granting of a licence under the Luxembourg act dated 5 April 
1993 relating to the financial sector, as amended. 
Share Capital and Ownership 
The share capital of MBFL is EUR 831,000 divided into 831,000 Ordinary Shares having a nominal value of EUR 
1.0 each (the MBFL Shares) all (100%) of which are fully paid up. All issued MBFL Shares are held by 
Mediobanca (the Shareholder). 
MBFL is part of the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
Capitalisation 
The following table sets out the capitalisation of MBFL as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Shareholders' Funds: share capital (issued 831,000 Ordinary Shares having a nominal value of EUR 1.0: EUR 
831,000 
Indebtedness 
As at 30 June 2022, MBFL has an indebtedness amounting to EUR 1,010,181.4. 
Financial Year 
The financial year of MBFL is 1st July to 30th June. The first financial year of MBFL was from the date of its 
incorporation to 30th June 2017. 
Approved Statutory Auditors 
Approved statutory auditors (réviseurs d’entreprises agréés) were lastly appointed with effect from June 2021 to 
audit the financial statements of MBFL published from June 2022. The mandate of the approved statutory auditors 
(réviseurs d'entreprises agréés) is renewed on an annual basis. The approved statutory auditor of MBFL is Ernst 
& Young S.A., with registered office at 35E, Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, registered with the 
R.C.S Luxembourg under number B 47771. EY Luxembourg S.A. is registered as a cabinet de révision with the 
public register of company auditors drawn up by the Luxembourg Ministry of Justice and is a member of the 
Institute of Independent Auditors (l'Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) and is approved by the CSSF in the 
context of the law dated 23 July 2016 on the audit profession, as amended. 
Ernst & Young S.A. has audited the non-consolidated financial statements of MBFL as at and for the year ended 
30 June 2022. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, has audited the non-consolidated financial statements of MBFL as 
at and for the year ended 30 June 2021.

--- Page 1048 ---
1048 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, is incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, its registered office 
is at 2, rue Gerhard Mercator, B.P. 1443, L-1014 Luxembourg, and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and 
Companies Register under number B.65477. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, is registered as a cabinet de révision with the public register of 
company auditors drawn up by the Luxembourg Ministry of Justice and is a member of the Institute of Independent 
Auditors (l'Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) and is approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier ("CSSF") in the context of the law dated 23 July 2016 on the audit profession, as amended. 
Financial Statements 
In accordance with Articles 461-1, 461-7 and 462-1 of the Luxembourg act dated 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies, as amended, MBFL is obliged to publish its annual accounts on an annual basis following the approval 
of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of the shareholders. 
Any published annual audited financial statements prepared for MBFL will be obtainable free of charge from the 
registered office of MBFL and such other entities as described in "General Information". MBFL does not publish 
interim financial statements. 
Management Bodies of MBFL (as at the date of this Base Prospectus) 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors of MBFL is composed as follows: 
Director principal outside activities   
 
Mr. Alessandro Ragni 
Chief Executive Officer at Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) 
S.A.* 
Mr. Alessandro Linguanotto 
Manager Legal and Corporate at Intertrust (Luxembourg) SARL 
Ms. Reena Shayne-Gonzales 
Senior Manager Accounting Services at Intertrust (Luxembourg) 
SARL 
The business address of each of the Directors is: 
Alessandro Ragni – 4, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg 
Alessandro Linguanotto- 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg 
Reena Shayne-Gonzales - 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg 
No corporate governance regime to which MBFL would be subject exists in Luxembourg as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 1049 ---
1049 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any of the Directors' duties to MBFL and their private interests 
or other duties. 
Annual General Meeting 
The ordinary general meeting of shareholders of MBFL shall take place annually at the registered office of MBFL 
or at such other place as may be specified in the convening notice.

--- Page 1050 ---
1050 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MB FUNDING LUX S.A. 
MBFL only produces non-consolidated annual financial statements. 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements of MBFL as at and for the years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021 
were prepared in accordance with Luxembourg generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).  
All of the above financial statements, prepared in each case together with the notes thereto, are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the year ended 30 June 2021 have been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, whose reports thereon are attached to such non-consolidated 
annual financial statements. The non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the year ended 30 June 
2022 have been audited by Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme, whose reports thereon are attached to such non-
consolidated annual financial statements.

--- Page 1051 ---
1051 
 
REGULATORY ASPECTS 
The Mediobanca Group is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB, the 
ECB and is also subject to the authority of the Single Resolution Board ("SRB"). The banking laws to which the 
Mediobanca Group is subject govern the activities in which banks may engage and are designed to maintain the 
safety and soundness of such institutions and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Mediobanca Group must 
comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. New acts of legislation and 
regulations may be introduced in Italy and the European Union that may affect the Mediobanca Group, including 
proposed regulatory initiatives that could significantly alter the Mediobanca Group's capital requirements. 
The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups include implementation of measures consistent 
with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee"). 
In accordance with the regulatory frameworks described above and consistent with the regulatory framework 
being implemented at the European Union level, the Mediobanca Group has in place specific procedures and 
internal policies to monitor, among other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the prevention and detection 
of money laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in customer relations and registration 
and reporting obligations. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that 
violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect the Mediobanca Group's results of 
operations, business and financial condition. In addition, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws and 
regulations have only been recently approved and the relevant implementation procedures are still in the process 
of being developed. 
Basel III and the CRD IV Package 
In the wake of the global financial crisis that began in 2008, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
(“BCBS”) approved, in the fourth quarter of 2010, revised global regulatory standards (“Basel III”) on bank 
capital adequacy and liquidity, which impose requirements for, inter alia, higher and better-quality capital, better 
risk coverage, measures to promote the build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods of stress and the 
introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-based requirement as well as two global liquidity 
standards. The Basel III framework adopts a gradual approach, with the requirements to be implemented over 
time, with full enforcement in 2019. 
In January 2013, the BCBS revised its original proposal in respect of the liquidity requirements in light of concerns 
raised by the banking industry, providing for a gradual phasing-in of the Liquidity Coverage Ratio with a full 
implementation in 2019 as well as expanding the definition of high-quality liquid assets to include lower quality 
corporate securities, equities and residential mortgage backed securities. Regarding the other liquidity 
requirement, the net stable funding ratio, the BCBS published the final rules in October 2014 which took effect 
from 1 January 2018. 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through new banking requirements: Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit

--- Page 1052 ---
1052 
 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRD IV Directive”) 
and Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (the “CRD IV Regulation” and together with the CRD IV Directive, the 
“CRD IV Package”). The CRD IV Package has been subsequently updated by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 
(“CRR II”) and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 (“CRD V”). 
Full implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period of time (the 
requirements are now largely fully effective as of 1 January 2019 and some minor transitional provisions provide 
for phase-in until 2024). Further details on the implementation of the Banking Reform Package (as defined below) 
are provided in the paragraph “Revision to the CRD IV Package” below.  
National options and discretions that were so far exercised by national competent authorities will be exercised by 
the Single Supervisory Mechanism (“SSM”) in a largely harmonised manner throughout the Banking Union. In 
this respect, on 14 March 2016, the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) adopted Regulation (EU) No. 2016/445 
on the exercise of options and discretions, as subsequently amended. Depending on the manner in which these 
options/discretions had been exercised by the national competent authorities and on the manner in which the SSM 
will exercise them in the future, additional/lower capital requirements may result. 
In addition to the capital requirements under CRD IV, the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU 
of 15 May 2014, as subsequently amended, (“BRRD”) introduces requirements for banks to maintain at all times 
a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds and eligible liabilities (the “Minimum Requirement for Own Funds 
and Eligible Liabilities”, or “MREL”). The Issuer has to meet MREL requirements on a consolidated basis. 
MREL constrains the structure of liabilities and may require the use of subordinated debt, which would have an 
impact on cost and potentially on the Issuer’s financing capacity. 
In Italy, the Government approved a Legislative Decree on 12 May 2015 (“Decree 72/2015”) implementing the 
CRD IV Directive and amending the Italian Banking Act. Decree 72/2015 entered into force on 27 June 2015. 
Decree 72/2015 impacts, inter alia, on: 
• 
proposed acquirers of holdings in credit institutions, requirements for shareholders and members of the 
management body (Articles 23 and 91 of the CRD IV Directive); 
• 
competent authorities’ powers to intervene in cases of crisis management (Articles 64, 65, 102 and 104 of 
the CRD IV Directive); 
• 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (so called whistleblowing, Article 71 of the 
CRD IV Directive); and 
• 
administrative penalties and measures (Article 65 of the CRD IV Directive). 
The Bank of Italy published supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circular of the Bank of Italy 
No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as subsequently amended from time to time by the Bank of Italy, (the “Circular

--- Page 1053 ---
1053 
 
No. 285”) which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing the CRD IV Package and the Banking Reform 
Package, and setting out additional local prudential rules. The CRD IV Package is also supplemented in Italy by 
technical rules relating to the CRD IV Directive and the CRD IV Regulation published through delegated 
regulations of the European Commission and guidelines of the EBA. 
As part of the CRD IV Package, certain transitional arrangements as implemented by the Circular No. 285 have 
been gradually phased-out. The transtionational arrangements which provide for the regulatory capital recognition 
of outstanding instruments which qualified as Tier I and Tier II capital instruments under the framework which 
the CRD IV Package replaced but which no longer meet the minimum criteria under the CRD IV Package have 
been gradually phased out.  
Capital Requirements 
According to Article 92 of the CRD IV Regulation, as amended by the CRR II, institutions shall at all times satisfy 
the following own funds requirements: (i) a CET1 Capital ratio of 4.5 per cent.; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6 per 
cent.; (iii) a Total Capital ratio of 8 per cent, and (iv) the Leverage Ratio of 3 per cent. These minimum ratios are 
complemented by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 Capital: 
• 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5 per cent from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to Article 129 of the CRD 
IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section II of Circular No. 285); 
• 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer ("CCyB"): set by the relevant competent authority between 0% - 2.5% of 
credit risk exposures towards counterparties each of the home Member State, other Member States and 
third countries (but may be set higher than 2.5 % where the competent authority considers that the 
conditions in the Member State justify this), with gradual introduction from 1 January 2016 and applying 
temporarily in the periods when the relevant national authorities judge the credit growth excessive 
(pursuant to Article 130 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section III of Circular No. 285). 
The Bank of Italy has set, and decided to maintain, the CCyB (relating to exposures towards Italian 
counterparties) at 0% for the fourth quarter of 2022; 
• 
Capital buffers for globally systemically important banks ("G-SIBs"): set as an "additional loss 
absorbency" buffer varying depending on the sub-categories on which the globally systemically important 
institutions ("G-SIIs") are divided into. The lowest sub-category shall be assigned a G- SII buffer of 1 % 
of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRD IV Regulation 
and the buffer assigned to each sub-category shall increase in gradients of at least 0,5 % of the total risk 
exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRD IV Regulation. G-SIBs is 
determined according to specific indicators (size, interconnectedness, lack of substitutes for the services 
provided, global cross border activity and complexity) and, being phased in from 1 January 2016 (pursuant 
to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section IV of Circular No. 285), became fully 
effective on 1 January 2019. Based on the most recently updated list of G-SIIs published by the Financial 
Stability Board (“FSB”) on 21 November 2022, neither the Issuer (nor any member of the Mediobanca

--- Page 1054 ---
1054 
 
Group) is a G-SIB and therefore they do not need to comply with a G-SIBs capital buffer requirement (or 
a leverage ratio buffer); and  
• 
Capital buffers for other systemically important banks at a domestic level ("O-SIIs"): up to 3.0% as set by 
the relevant competent authority (reviewed at least annually), to compensate for the higher risk that such 
banks represent to the financial system (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Title II, Chapter 1, 
Section IV of Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has not identified so far the Mediobanca Group as an 
O-SII, therefore the Issuer does not need to comply with an O-SII capital buffer requirement. 
In addition to the above-mentioned capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV Directive, as amended by 
the CRD V, each Member State may introduce a Systemic Risk Buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the 
financial sector or one or more subsets of that sector in order to prevent and mitigate long-term non-cyclical 
systemic or macroprudential risks not otherwise covered by the CRD IV Package, in the sense of a risk of 
disruption in the financial system with the potential of having serious negative consequences on the financial 
system and the real economy in a specific Member State.  
With update No. 38 of 22 February 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order to provide for, inter alia, 
the introduction of:  
(i) 
the possibility for the Bank of Italy to activate the systemic risk buffer (“SyRB”) for banks and banking 
groups authorised in Italy. In particular, the requirement to maintain a systemic risk buffer of Common 
Equity Tier 1 is intended to prevent and mitigate macro-prudential or systemic risks not otherwise covered 
with the macro-prudential instruments provided for by the CRD IV Regulation, as amended by the CRR 
II, the anti-cyclical capital buffer and the capital buffers for G-SII and for O-SII. The buffer ratio for 
systemic risk can be applied to all exposures or to a subset of exposures and to all banks or to one or more 
subsets of banks with similar risk profiles; and 
(ii) 
 some macro-prudential instruments based on the characteristics of customers or loans (so-called 
“borrower-based measures”). Specifically, these are measures that are not harmonised at European level, 
which can be used to counter systemic risks deriving from developments in the real estate market and from 
high or rising levels of household and non-financial corporate debt. 
Furthermore, with update No. 39 of 13 July 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order to align its provisions 
with Articles 104 to 104c of the CRD IV Directive, as amended by the CRD V. In particular, the amendments 
introduced to Part I, Chapter 1, Title III of the Circular No. 285 provide for, inter alia, the introduction of:  
(i) 
A clear differentiation between components of Pillar 2 Requirements estimated from an ordinary 
perspective and the Pillar 2 Guidance determined from a stressed perspective which supervisory authorities 
may require banks to hold; and 
(ii) 
The possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional capital in the presence of excessive leverage 
risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (P2R and Leverage Ratio and Pillar 2 Guidance Leverage 
Ratio).

--- Page 1055 ---
1055 
 
Failure by an institution to comply with buffer requirements described above (“Combined Buffer 
Requirements”) may trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to the so-called Maximum Distribuitable 
Amounts (“MDA”) and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan on necessary remedial actions 
(Articles 140 to 141c of the CRD IV Directive).  
In addition, Mediobanca Group is subject to the Pillar 2 Requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV 
Package, which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the SREP. The SREP is aimed at ensuring that 
institutions have adequate arrangements and strategies in place to maintain liquidity and capital, including in 
particular the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital commensurate to their risk profile, in order to 
ensure sound management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might be exposed, including those 
revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the financial system. 
The quantum of any Pillar 2 Requirement imposed on a bank, the type of capital which it must apply to meeting 
such capital requirements, and whether the Pillar 2 requirement is “stacked” below the capital buffers (i.e. the 
bank’s capital resources must first be applied to meeting the Pillar 2 requirements in full before capital can be 
applied to meeting the capital buffers) or “stacked” above the capital buffers (i.e. the bank’s capital resources can 
be applied to meeting the capital buffers in priority to the Pillar 2 requirement) may all impact a bank’s ability to 
comply with the Combined Buffer Requirement. 
In its publication of the 2016 EU-wide stress test results on 29 July 2016, the EBA has recognised a distinction 
between “Pillar 2 requirements” (stacked below the capital buffers) and “Pillar 2 capital guidance” (stacked above 
the capital buffers). With respect to Pillar 2 capital guidance, the publication stated that, in response to the stress 
test results, competent authorities may (among other things) consider “setting capital guidance, above the 
combined buffer requirement”. Competent authorities have remedial tools if an institution refuses to follow such 
guidance. The ECB published a set of “Frequently asked questions on the 2016 EU-wide stress test”, confirming 
this distinction between Pillar 2 requirements and Pillar 2 capital guidance and noting that “Under the stacking 
order, banks facing losses will first fail to fulfil their Pillar 2 capital guidance. In case of further losses, they would 
next breach the combined buffers, then Pillar 2 requirements, and finally Pillar 1 requirements”. 
The distinction between “Pillar 2 requirements” and “Pillar 2 capital guidance” has been codified by the CRD V. 
Whereas the former are mandatory requirements imposed by supervisors to address risks not covered or not 
sufficiently covered by Pillar 1 and buffer capital requirements, the latter refers to the possibility for competent 
authorities to communicate to an institution their expectations for such institution to hold capital in excess of its 
capital requirements (Pillar 1 and Pillar 2) and Combined Buffer Requirements in order to cope with forward-
looking and remote situations. Under the CRD V, only Pillar 2 requirements, and not Pillar 2 capital guidance, 
will be relevant in determining whether an institution is meeting its Combined Buffer Requirement. 
Non-compliance with Pillar 2 capital guidance does not amount to a failure to comply with capital requirements, 
but should be considered as a "pre alarm warning" to be used in a bank's risk management process. If capital levels 
go below Pillar 2 capital guidance, the relevant supervisory authorities, which should be promptly informed in 
detail by the bank of the reasons of the failure to comply with the Pillar 2 capital guidance, will take into 
consideration appropriate and proportional measures on a case by case basis (including, by way of example, the

--- Page 1056 ---
1056 
 
possibility of implementing a plan aimed at restoring compliance with the capital requirements including capital 
strengthening requirements). 
On 23 July 2020 the EBA published Guidelines for competent authorities for the special procedures for the SREP 
2020, identifying how flexibility and pragmatism could be exercised in relation to the SREP framework in the 
context of the COVID-19 pandemic. The 2020 SREP cycle focused on the ability of the supervised entities to 
handle the challenges of the COVID-19 crisis and its impact on their current prospective risk profile.  
The Bank of Italy notified to the EBA its intention to comply with the abovementioned Guidelines on 23 
September 2020. The Bank of Italy in fact announced to the supervised entities that only in exceptional cases, due 
to a significant increase in their current and prospective risk profiles, it would have updated the banks’ current 
requirements.  
On 18 March 2022, the EBA published its final report on revised Guidelines on common procedures and 
methodologies for SREP and supervisory stress testing. The EBA has developed the revised SREP Guidelines in 
order to implement the changes brought by CRD V and CRR II (as defined below). In particular, the revision of 
the Guidelines, while keeping the original framework with the main SREP elements intact, reflects, among other 
things, the introduction of the assessment of the risk of excessive leverage and the revision of the methodology 
for the determination of the Pillar 2 Guidance. Additional relevant changes are related to the enhancement of the 
principle of proportionality and the encouragement of cooperation among prudential supervisory authorities and 
AML/CFT supervisors, as well as resolution authorities. The Bank of Italy should report its intention to comply 
with the Guidelines by 2 months after the publication of the translation in the official EU languages (still pending). 
The guidelines will apply from 1 January 2023. 
The CRD IV Package introduced a leverage ratio with the aim of restricting the level of leverage that an institution 
can take on, to ensure that an institution’s assets are in line with its capital. The Leverage Ratio Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No. 2015/62 was adopted on 10 October 2014 and was published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union in January 2015 amending the calculation of the leverage ratio compared to the current text of 
the CRD IV Regulation (“Leverage Ratio Regulation”). Institutions have been required to disclose their leverage 
ratio from 1 January 2015. The CRD IV Package contains specific mandates for the EBA to develop draft 
regulatory or implementing technical standards as well as guidelines and reports related to liquidity coverage ratio 
and leverage ratio in order to enhance regulatory harmonisation in Europe through the Single Rule Book. The 
CRR II complemented the system of reporting and disclosure, as envisaged in the Leverage Ratio Regulation, by 
the introduction of the Leverage Ratio as own fund requirement. 
Liquidity and leverage requirements 
The CRD IV Package also introduced the LCR. This is a stress liquidity measure based on modelled 30-day 
outflows. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 supplementing the CRR with 
regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions (“LCR Delegated Act”) was adopted in October 
2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union in January 2015. On 20 May 2022, amendments 
to the LCR Delegated Act were published in the Official Journal (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU)

--- Page 1057 ---
1057 
 
2022/786 of 10 February 2022) and has applied as of July 2022. Most of these amendments has been introduced 
to better allow the credit institutions issuing covered bonds to comply, on one hand, with the general liquidity 
coverage requirement for a 30 calendar day stress period and, on the other hand, with the cover pool liquidity 
buffer requirement, as laid down by Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council. 
The NSFR is part of the Basel III framework and aims to promote resilience over a longer time horizon (1 year) 
by creating incentives for banks to fund their activities with more stable sources of funding on an on-going basis. 
The NSFR has been introduced as a requirement in the CRR II published in June 2019 and is applicable from June 
2021. 
Revision to the CRD IV Package 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to further 
strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (“Banking Reform Package”). The Banking Reform 
Package amends many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, the BRRD and the SRMR. These 
proposals were agreed by the European Parliament, the Council of the EU and the European Commission and 
were published in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019 entering into force 20 days after, even though 
most of the provisions are applicable as of 28 June 2021, allowing for a smooth implementation of the new 
provisions. 
The Banking Reform Package includes: 
(i) 
revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk; 
(ii) 
changes to the market risk rules which include the introduction first of a reporting requirement pending the 
implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the FRTB (as defined below) published in January 2019 
by the BCBS and then the application of own funds requirements as of 1 January 2023; 
(iii) 
a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a backstop to risk-
weighted capital requirements and set at 3% of an institution's Tier 1 capital; 
(iv) 
a binding NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to finance their long-
term activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding (liabilities) in order to 
increase banks' resilience to funding constraints). This means that the amount of available stable funding 
will be calculated by multiplying an institution's liabilities and regulatory capital by appropriate factors 
that reflect their degree of reliability over a year. The NSFR will be expressed as a percentage and set at a 
minimum level of 100%, indicating that an institution holds sufficient stable funding to meet its funding 
needs during a one-year period under both normal and stressed conditions. The NSFR will apply at a level 
of 100% at individual and a consolidated level starting from 28 June 2021, unless competent authorities 
waive the application of the NSFR on an individual basis as of two years after the date of entry into force 
of the EU Banking Reform Package; 
(v) 
changes to the large exposures limits, now calculated as the 25% of Tier 1; and

--- Page 1058 ---
1058 
 
(vi) 
improved own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SMEs and infrastructure projects. 
In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts of the “Banking Reform Package" regarding the banking sector have 
been published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with the amendments to the BRRD 
and to SRMR, (i) CRR II amending the CRD IV Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements, and (ii) CRD V amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation 
measures. The amendments proposed better align the current regulatory framework to international developments 
in order to promote consistency and comparability among jurisdictions. 
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II is applicable from 28 June 2021, excluding 
some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent), b) the CRD V and BRRD 2 shall be 
implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some provisions which will be applicable 
subsequently. 
In Italy, the Government approved a Legislative Decree on 8 November 2021 (“Decree 182/2021”) implementing 
the CRD V Directive and amending the Italian Banking Act. Decree 182/2021 entered into force on 30 November 
2021. Decree 182/2021 impacts, inter alia, on: 
• 
proposed acquirers of holdings in credit institutions, requirements for shareholders and members of the 
management body (Articles 22, 23 and 91 of the CRD V Directive); 
• 
competent authorities’ powers to impose additional own fund requirements (Articles 104 and 104a of the 
CRD V Directive); 
• 
authorisation regime applicable to financial holding companies and mixed financial holding companies 
(Article 21a of the CRD V Directive); and  
• 
regime governing the banking groups and introduction of the status of “intermediate EU parent” (Article 
21c of the CRD V Directive). 
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the BCBS concluded the review process of the models (for credit risk, 
counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for the calculation of minimum capital requirements, including 
constraints on the use of internal models and introducing the so-called "output floor" (setting a minimum level of 
capital requirements calculated on the basis of internal models equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5 per cent. 
of those calculated on the basis of the standardised methods). The main purpose is to enhance consistency and 
comparability among banks. The new framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 and finally revised in 
January 2019. The new framework for credit risk and operational risk was completed in December 2017. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published, as part of a legislative package that includes also 
amendments to CRD V, the text of the proposal to amend the CRR II (“CRR III” and jointly the “2021 Reform

--- Page 1059 ---
1059 
 
Package”). In particular, the 2021 Reform Package legislative initiative aims at implementing in the EU the 2017 
Basel Accord and further elements not included in such international framework contributing to financial stability 
and to the steady financing of the economy in the context of the post-COVID 19 crisis recovery. This general 
objective can be broken down in four more specific objectives: 
(i) 
to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, without significant increases in capital requirements 
overall; 
(ii) 
to enhance the focus on ESG risk in the prudential framework; 
(iii) 
to further harmonise supervisory powers and tools; and 
(iv) 
to reduce institutions' administrative costs related to public disclosure and to improve access to institutions 
prudential data. 
(v) 
to insert in the CRR a dedicated treatment for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for internal 
MREL (i.e. “daisy chain approach”). 
Once agreed on the final text between the various stakeholders involved in the legislative process (European 
Commission, European Parliament and Council of the EU) and once implemented in the Union, these regulatory 
changes will impact the entire banking system and consequently could determine changes in the capital calculation 
and increase capital requirements. The analysis carried out by the EBA, published in December 2019 upon request 
of the European Commission, shows that the adoption of the new Basel III criteria would require banks to increase 
minimum capital requirements (“MCR”) by 23.6 per cent., resulting in a capital deficit of €124 billion. On 21 
August 2020, the EBA was requested by the European Commission to update further its Basel III impact study 
and published the new impact analysis on 15 December 2020. The overall impact is presented under two 
implementation scenarios: the first one updates the impact presented in the previous Call for Advice (“CfA”) 
reports (the “Basel III scenario”); the second one (the "EU-specific scenario") considers the additional features 
requested by the European Commission in its CfA, i.e. applying the SME supporting factors on top of the Basel 
SME preferential risk weight treatment; maintaining EU credit valuation adjustment (“CVA”) exemptions; 
exercising the jurisdictional discretion contemplated in the Basel III framework to exclude the bank-specific 
historical loss component from the calculation of the capital for operational risk (internal loss multiplier 
(“ILM”)=1). Under the Basel III scenario, the steady-state implementation of the overall reform scheduled for 
January 2028 could increase the minimum required capital (MRC) amount, which includes Pillar 2 requirements 
and EU-specific buffers, by +18.5% with respect to the December 2019 baseline. Under the EU-specific scenario, 
steady-state implementation of the final Basel III framework (i.e. 2028) could increase the MRC amount by 
+13.1% with respect to the December 2019 baseline. 
The EBA has been conducting regular and ad-hoc quantitative impact studies to assess or monitor the impact of 
various rules on the EU banking sector. 
Regular monitoring exercise includes also a monitoring exercise to assess the impact of the Basel III framework 
on a sample of EU banks that the EBA conducts in coordination and in parallel with the BCBS (“Basel III

--- Page 1060 ---
1060 
 
Monitoring Exercise”). This exercise assesses the impact of the latest regulatory developments at BCBS level in 
the following area: (a) global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems; (b) the 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio and liquidity risk monitoring tools; (c) the leverage ratio framework and disclosure 
requirements; (d) the Net Stable Funding Ratio; and (e) the post-crisis reforms. 
The impact of the Basel III is assessed using mostly the following measures: 
(i) 
percentage impact on minimum required Tier 1 capital (MRC); 
(ii) 
impact, in basis point, on the current actual Tier 1 capital ratio; and 
(iii) 
Tier 1 shortfall resulting from the full implementation of Basel III, namely the capital amount that bansks 
need to filfil the Basel III MCR. 
According to EBA Decision no. EBA/DC/2021/373concerning information required for the monitoring of Basel 
supervisory standards published on 18 February 2021 (“EBA Decision”), the Basel III Monitoring Exercise, 
which is currently only being carried out on a small sample of credit institutions and on a voluntary basis, should 
be extended to a broader and stable set of credit institutions. In particular, in order to ensure consistency, accuracy 
and completeness of the data provided, G-SIIs and O-SIIs, as well as credit institutions whose Tier 1 capital equals 
or exceeds €3 billion, or total assets equal or exceeding €30 billion, should be included in the sample. 
Pursuant to EBA Decision, as of 31 December 2021, the Basel III Monitoring Exercise will become mandatory 
and will be carried out on an annual basis only. 
On 30 September 2022, EBA published its first mandatory Basel III Monitoring Report which assess the impact 
that Basel III full implementation will have on EU banks in 2028. According to this assessment, the full Basel III 
implementation would result in an average increase of 15.0% of the current Tier 1 minimum required capital. 
Thus, to comply with the new framework, banks would need EUR 1.2 billion of additional Tier 1 capital.  
On 4 May 2020, EBA published its final draft technical standards on specific reporting requirements for market 
risk, in accordance with the mandate set out in the provisions of the CRR II. 
In particular, the implementing technical standards (“ITS”) introduced uniform reporting templates, the template 
related instructions, the frequency and the dates of the reporting, the definitions and the IT solutions for the 
specific reporting for market risk. These ITS introduce the first elements of the Fundamental Review of the 
Trading Book (FRTB) into the EU prudential framework by means of a reporting requirement. Based on the ITS 
submitted by the EBA, the European Commission adopted the Implementing Regulation no. 2021/453/EU of 15 
March 2021 which applied from 5 October 2021. 
Revisions to the Basel III framework 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published of its final set of amendments to its Basel III framework 
(known informally as "Basel IV"). Basel IV is expected to introduce a range of measures, including:

--- Page 1061 ---
1061 
 
(i) 
changes to the standardised approach for the calculation of credit risk; 
(ii) 
limitations to the use of IRB approaches, mainly banks will be allowed to use the F-IRB approach and the 
SA, only for specialised lending the A-IRB will be still used; 
(iii) 
a new framework for determining an institution's operational risk charge, which will be calculated only by 
using a new standardised approach; 
(iv) 
an amended set of rules in relation to credit valuation adjustment; and 
(v) 
an aggregate output capital floor that ensures that an institution's total risk weighted assets ("RWA") 
generated by IRB models are no lower than 72.5% of those generated by the standardised approach. 
According to the Basel Committee, Basel IV should be introduced as a global standard from January 2022, with 
the output capital floor being phased-in (starting at 50% from 1 January 2022 and reaching 72.5% as of 1 January 
2025). In this occasion, the Basel Committee postponed the suggested implementation date for the Fundamental 
Review of the Trading Book ("FRTB") has been postponed by the Basel Committee to January 2023 to allow it 
to finalise the remaining elements of the framework and align the implementation date with the other Basel IV 
reforms. 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the SSM Regulation for the establishment of SSM. The SSM Regulation provides the ECB, 
in conjunction with the national competent authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, with 
direct supervisory responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in those Member States. "Banks of 
significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total value of its assets exceeds €30 
billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its total assets over the national 
gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit institutions established in a 
Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the European Financial Stability 
Facility or the European Stability Mechanism and/or (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance 
where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State and its cross-border 
assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. Mediobanca has been classified as a 
significant supervised entity pursuant to the SSM Regulation and Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European 
Central Bank of 16 April 2014 (the "SSM Framework Regulation") and, as such, is subject to direct prudential 
supervision by the ECB. 
The relevant national competent authorities continue to be responsible, in respect of the Mediobanca Group, for 
supervisory functions not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money laundering, payment 
services, and supervision over branches of third country banks. The ECB is exclusively responsible for the 
prudential supervision of Mediobanca, which includes, inter alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw 
authorisation; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings; (iii) ensure compliance with all prudential 
requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) set, where necessary, higher prudential requirements to 
protect financial stability under the conditions provided by EU law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate

--- Page 1062 ---
1062 
 
governance practices and internal capital adequacy assessment controls and (vi) intervene at the early stages when 
risks to the viability of a bank exist, in coordination with the relevant resolution authorities. The ECB may exercise 
options and discretions under the SSM and SSM Framework Regulation in relation to Mediobanca. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive  
The BRRD, entered into force on 2 July 2014, is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an institution that is failing or likely to fail so as to ensure the continuity 
of the institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimizing the impact of an institution’s 
failure on the economy and financial system.  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone (except for the asset separation 
tool) or in combination with other resolution tools where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an 
institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures 
would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe and (c) a resolution action is in the 
public interest: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the institution or the 
whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to 
transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is 
wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer 
impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be 
managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used 
together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to write 
down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims 
(including the Notes) into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. other instruments that confer ownership, 
instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other instruments of ownership, and 
instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of ownership) (the “general bail-in tool”). Such 
shares or other instruments of ownership could also be subject to any future application of the BRRD. For more 
details on the implementation in Italy please refer to the paragraphs below. 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to 
permanently write-down/convert into shares or other instruments of ownership at the point of non-viability and 
before any other resolution action is taken ("non- viability loss absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of 
subordinated notes upon any such conversion may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool. 
The point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the 
institution meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution 
or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down/converted or 
extraordinary public support is to be provided. 
Resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt instruments issued by an 
institution under resolution, amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, the date on which the 
interest becomes payable (including by suspending payment for a temporary period) and to restrict the termination 
rights of holders of such instruments. The BRRD also provides for a Member State, after having assessed and

--- Page 1063 ---
1063 
 
exhausted the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be 
able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. Resolution 
authorities may provide public equity support to an institution and/or take the institution into public ownership. 
Such measures must be taken in accordance with the EU state aid framework and will require a contribution to 
loss absorption from shareholders and creditors via write- down, conversion or otherwise, in an amount equal to 
at least 8 % of total liabilities (including own funds). 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to be 
provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities 
provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued 
liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary 
recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders contribute to the costs of 
restructuring. 
An SRF (as defined below) was set up under the control of the SRB (as defined below). It ensures the availability 
of funding support while the bank is resolved. It is funded by contributions from the banking sector. The SRF can 
only contribute to resolution if at least 8 per cent. of the total liabilities, including own funds, of the bank have 
been bailed-in.  
The BRRD requires all Member States to create a national, prefunded resolution fund, reaching a level of at least 
1 per cent. of covered deposits by 31 December 2024. The National Resolution Fund for Italy was created in 
November 2015 and required both ordinary and extraordinary contributions to be made by Italian banks and 
investment firms.  In the Banking Union, the National Resolution Funds set up under the BRRD were superseded 
by the single resolution fund, established by the European Regulation no. 806/2014 as of 1 January 2016 (“Single 
Resolution Fund” or “SRF”) and those funds have been pooled together gradually. Therefore, as of 2016, the 
Single Resolution Board calculates, in line with the Council Implementing Regulation no. 2015/81/EU (the 
“Council Implementing Act”), the annual contributions of all institutions authorised in the Member States 
participating in the SSM and the SRM.  The SRF is financed by the European banking sector. The total target size 
of the Fund is equal to at least 1 per cent. of the covered deposits of all banks in the Member States participating 
in the Banking Union. The SRF is to be built up over eight years, beginning in 2016, to the target level of EUR 
55 billion (the basis being 1 per cent. of the covered deposits in the financial institutions of the Banking Union). 
Once this target level is reached, in principle, the banks will have to contribute only if the resources of the SRF 
are actually used in order to deal with resolutions of other institutions.  
Under the BRRD, the target level of the National Resolution Funds was set at national level and calculated on the 
basis of deposits covered by deposit guarantee schemes. Under the SRM, the target level of the SRF is European 
and is the sum of the covered deposits of all institutions established in the participating Member States. This 
results in significant variations in the contributions by the banks under the SRM as compared to the BRRD. As a 
consequence of this difference, when contributions would have been paid based on a joint target level starting as 
of 2016, contributions of banks established in Member States with a high level of covered deposits could abruptly 
have decreased, while contributions of those banks established in Member States with fewer covered deposits 
could abruptly have increased. In order to prevent such abrupt changes, the Council Implementing Act (i.e.

--- Page 1064 ---
1064 
 
Council Implementing Regulation no. 2015/81) provides for an adjustment mechanism to remedy these distortions 
during the transitional period by way of a gradual phasing in of the SRM methodology. 
Implementation of the BRRD in Italy 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian 
Government, namely Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the “BRRD Decrees”), both of 
which were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 November 2015.  Legislative 
Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law which implements the provisions of BRRD relating to resolution 
actions, while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the existing Banking Act and deals principally with 
recovery plans, early intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy.  The BRRD Decrees entered into force 
on the date of publication on the Italian Official Gazette (i.e. 16 November 2015), save that: (i) the general bail-
in tool applies from 1 January 2016; and (ii) a “depositor preference” granted for deposits other than those 
protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SMEs is effective from 
1 January 2019. 
It is important to note that, pursuant to article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015, resolution authorities may 
not exercise the write down/conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their 
related hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any part of a 
secured liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments) that exceeds the value of the 
assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured. The BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu 
ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. Further, although the BRRD provides a safeguard in respect of 
shareholders and creditors upon application of resolution tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that such 
protection is limited to the incurrence by shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a result of 
the application of the relevant tool than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal insolvency 
proceedings. It is therefore possible not only that the claims of other holders of junior or pari passu liabilities may 
have been excluded from the application of the general bail-in, but also that the safeguard referred to above does 
not apply to ensure equal (or better) treatment compared to the holders of such fully or partially excluded claims. 
This is due to the fact that the safeguard is not intended to address such possible unequal treatment but rather to 
ensure that shareholders or creditors do not incur greater losses in a bail-in (or other application of a resolution 
tool) than they would have received in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings.  
Certain categories of liability are subject to the mandatory exclusions from bail-in foreseen in Article 44(2)(g) of 
the BRRD. For instance, most forms of liability for taxes, social security contributions or to employees benefit 
from privilege under Italian law and as such are preferred to ordinary senior unsecured creditors in the context of 
liquidation proceedings. Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency 
regimes such that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the 
coverage level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to the BRRD have a ranking in 
normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, 
non-preferred creditors. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending 
national insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than ordinary, 
unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has amended the creditor hierarchy in the

--- Page 1065 ---
1065 
 
case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to resolution as well as compulsory liquidation procedures 
by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, all deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme 
and excess deposits of individuals and SMEs will benefit from a preference in respect of senior unsecured 
liabilities, though with a ranking which is lower than that provided for individual/SME deposits exceeding the 
coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme. On 25 October 2017 the European Parliament, the Council and 
the European Commission agreed on elements of the review of the BRRD. As part of this process Article 108 of 
the BRRD was amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399. Member States were required to adopt and publish relevant 
laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with the amendment to the creditor hierarchy 
by 29 December 2018.  
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory rights of 
set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in the absence 
of an express agreement to the contrary.  
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, 
in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
Revisions to the BRRD framework 
The Banking Reform Package included Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of significant 
revisions to the BRRD (known as "BRRD II"). BRRD II provides that Member States are required to ensure 
implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements relating to the implementation of 
the standard on total loss absorbing capacity for systematically important banks (“TLAC”) applying from January 
2022 while the transitional period for full compliance with MREL requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, 
with interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022. The Banking Reform Package includes, 
amongst other things: 
(i) 
full implementation of the FSB's TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL regime. 
Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation methodology for MREL, 
criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, the introduction of internal MREL 
and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on institutions; 
(ii) 
introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are not 
G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed €100 billion; 
(iii) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the contractual 
stays in resolution; and 
(iv) 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. 
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD II will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as 
well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors.

--- Page 1066 ---
1066 
 
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021 (“Decree No. 193”), implementing the 
BRRD II into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 (Decree no. 
180) and the Italian Banking Act. 
The provisions set forth in the Decree No. 193 includes, among other things: 
(i) 
Changes to the MREL regulatory framework 
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory framework 
regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is calculated, to the provisions set forth in BRRD II. 
In particular, the amended version of Decree No. 180 clearly envisages that MREL shall be determined by the 
Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria: 
(a) 
the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate to meet 
the resolution’s objectives; 
(b) 
the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate group 
subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the bail-in tool or write- 
down or conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, looses could be absorbed and that it 
is possibile to restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the leverage ratio to a level necessary to 
enable them to continue to comply with the conditions for authorisation, according to the regulatory 
framework currently in force, even if the resolution plan envisages the possibility for certain classes of 
eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-in or to be transferred in full to a recipient under a partial 
transfer; 
(c) 
the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and 
(d) 
the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, due to the 
interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of the financial system. 
(ii) 
New ranking for subordinated instruments of banks which do not qualify as own fund 
Article 91 of the Banking Law has been modified by Decree No. 193 to transpose into the Italian legislative 
framework the provisions envisaged by Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. 
In particular, according to the amended version of Article 91, subordinated instruments which do not qualify (and 
no part thereof is recognized) as own funds items shall rank senior to own funds items (including any instruments 
only partly recognized as own funds items) and junior to senior non-preferred instruments. Moreover, if own funds 
items cease, in their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own funds items but junior to senior 
non-preferred instruments. 
The abovementioned provisions also applies to instruments issued before the entrance into force of Decree No. 
193, such as 1 December 2021.

--- Page 1067 ---
1067 
 
(iii) 
New minimum denomination requirement 
Article 12-ter of the Italian Banking Act, introduced by Decree No. 193, provides for the determination of a 
minimum unit value for bonds and debt securities issued by banks or investment firms equal to Euro 200,000 for 
subordinated bonds and other subordinated securities or Euro 150,000 for Senior Non Preferred debt instruments 
(“strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello”). 
Any contracts entered into with non-professional investors and relating to investment services having as their 
object the instruments referred to in Article 12-ter of the Italian Banking Act issued after 1 December 2021, that 
do not respect the minimum unit value, shall be declared as null and void (Article 25-quarter of the Financial 
Services Act, as amended by Decree No. 193). 
Without prejudice to the restrictions outlined above on the sale to retail investors, the ban previously in force on 
the placement of Senior Non Preferred debt instruments with non-qualified investors has been repealed by Article 
5 of Decree No. 193. 
As the BRRD II has only recently been implemented in Italy and other Member States, there is uncertainty as to 
the effects of its application in practice.  
Also, certain provisions of the BRRD II remain subject to regulatory technical standards and implementing 
technical standards to be prepared by the European Banking Authority. In addition to the BRRD II, it is possible 
that the application of other relevant laws, the CRD V and the CRR II and any amendments thereto or other similar 
regulatory proposals, including proposals by the FSB on cross-border recognition of resolution actions, could be 
used in such a way as to result in the Notes absorbing losses in the manner described above. Any actions by the 
relevant resolution authority pursuant to the powers granted to it as a result of the transposition of the BRRD, as 
amended by the BRRD II, or other measures or proposals relating to the resolution of financial institutions, may 
adversely affect the rights of holders of the Notes, the price or value of an investment in the Notes and/or the 
Issuer’s ability to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism  
On 19 August 2014, SRMR entered into force. The SRMR became operational on 1 January 2016. There are, 
however, certain provisions including those concerning the preparation of resolution plans and provisions relating 
to the cooperation of the SRB with national resolution authorities, which entered into force on 1 January 2015. 
The SRMR was subsequently updated with the Banking Reform Package in June 2019. The SRMR, which 
complements the SSM, applies to all banks supervised by the SSM. It will mainly consist of the SRB and the SRF. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("SRM II 
Regulation") amends the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization of credit institutions 
and investment firms. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism framework ensures that, instead of national resolution authorities, there will 
be a single authority – i.e. the SRB – which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks being supervised

--- Page 1068 ---
1068 
 
by the SSM and part of the Eurozone. In line with the changes to BRRD II described above, revisions to the 
provisions of the SRM Regulation (in relation to MREL) are due to change in due course. 
In such a context, it is worth to mention the process to review - started by the European Commission in November 
2020 – the Crisis Management and Deposit Insurance ("CMDI") framework. Following this revision, new and 
different legal and regulatory requirements may apply to the Group, in particular the intention of the European 
legislator is to amend the BRRD, the SRMR and the Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive ("DGSD"). 
Measures to counter the impact of the "COVID-19" virus 
European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the banking and financial market 
to counter the economic effects of COVID-19. 
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between the Italian Banking Association 
(“ABI”) and the Business Associations, the possibility of requesting suspension or extension was extended to 
loans granted until 31 January 2020. The moratorium refers to loans to micro, small and medium-sized companies 
affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. The capital portion of loan repayment instalments may be requested to be 
suspended for up to one year, later extended until 30 June 2021. The suspension is applicable to medium/long-
term loans (mortgages), including those concluded through the issue of agricultural loans, and to property or 
business assets leasing transactions. In the latter case, the suspension concerns the implicit capital instalments of 
the leasing. On 21 April 2020, through an agreement entered into with the consumer associations, the moratorium 
was extended to credit to households, including the suspension of the principal portion of mortgage-backed loans 
and unsecured loans repayable in instalments. 
On 11 March 2020, ESMA, considering the spread of COVID-19 and its impact on the EU financial markets, 
issued four recommendations in the following areas: (1) business continuity planning, (2) market disclosure, (3) 
financial reporting and (4) fund management. 
1. 
Business Continuity Planning: ESMA has recommended all financial market participants to be ready to 
apply their contingency plans to ensure operational continuity in line with regulatory obligations. 
2. 
Market disclosure: issuers should disclose as soon as possible any relevant significant information 
concerning the impacts of COVID-19 on their fundamentals, prospects or financial situation in accordance 
with their transparency obligations under the Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (MAR), as a disclosure 
obligation contained in Article 17, paragraph 1 of the MAR, pursuant to which issuers are required to 
disclose to the public without delay any inside information directly concerning them. 
3. 
Financial reporting: ESMA has recommended issuers to provide transparency on the actual and potential 
impacts of COVID-19, to the extent possible based on both a qualitative and quantitative assessment on 
their business activities, financial situation and economic performance in their 2019 year-end financial 
report if these have not yet been finalised or otherwise in their interim financial reporting disclosures.

--- Page 1069 ---
1069 
 
4. 
Fund Management: ESMA has encouraged fund managers to continue to apply the requirements on risk 
management and to react accordingly. 
The ECB, at its monetary policy meeting held on 12 March 2020, decided to adopt a comprehensive set of 
monetary policy measures, consisting of three key elements: first, safeguarding liquidity conditions in the banking 
system through a series of favourably-priced longer term refinancing operations (LTROs); second, protecting the 
continued flow of credit to the real economy through a fundamental recalibration of targeted longer term 
refinancing operations (TLTROs); and, third, preventing tightening of financing conditions for the economy in a 
pro-cyclical way via an increase in the asset purchase programme (APP). 
As regards TLTRO, the Governing Council decided to apply considerably more favourable terms during the 
period from June 2020 to June 2021 to all TLTRO III operations outstanding during that time. Throughout this 
period, the interest rate on these TLTRO III operations will be 25 basis points below the average rate applied in 
the Eurosystem's main refinancing operations. 
The Governing Council also decided to add a temporary envelope of additional net asset purchases of €120 billion 
until the end of the year, ensuring a strong contribution from the private sector purchase programmes. On 18 
March 2020, this was followed by the announcement of the €750 billion Pandemic Emergency Purchase Program 
(PEPP), increased with a further €600 billion on 4 June 2020. Net asset purchases under the PEPP ended as of 
April 2022. Principal payments from maturing securities purchased under it are being reinvested in full. 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB Banking Supervision leg, the SSM, published the first supervisory response to 
provide banks with a temporary capital and operational relief. According to the ECB statements: i) banks are 
allowed to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance, the capital conservation 
buffer (CCB) and the LCR to release resources for financing households and undertakings; ii) the ECB encourages 
also national macroprudential authorities to relax the countercyclical capital buffer (“CCyB”); iii) banks are 
allowed to partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital to meet 
the Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R), for example Additional Tier 1 (AT1) or Tier II instruments; iv) banks will discuss 
with the ECB further individual measures, such as modified timetables, processes and deadlines (e.g. for on-site 
inspections or remedial actions); v) flexibility will be granted for the application of the ECB Guidance to banks 
on non-performing loans to adjust to bank's specific situation due to COVID-19. 
On 10 February 2022, the ECB announced that it did not see it as necessary to allow banks to operate below the 
level of capital defined by their Pillar 2 Guidance beyond December 2022, nor to extend beyond March 2022 the 
supervisory measure that allow them to exclude central bank exposure from their leverage ratios. Therefore, banks 
are: (i) expected to operate above Pillar 2 Guidance from 1 January 2023; (ii) re-include central bank exposures 
in leverage ratio from 1 April 2022; and (iii) have ample headroom above capital and leverage ratio requirements.  
Among the various measures adopted by the Italian government to address the epidemiological emergency due to 
COVID-19 outbreak, on 17 March 2020 Law Decree No. 18 (“Cura Italia Decree”) was adopted. The Cura Italia 
Decree has introduced special measures derogating from the ordinary proceeding of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs 
in order to simplify the requirements for access to the guarantee and strengthen the intervention of the Guarantee

--- Page 1070 ---
1070 
 
Fund for SMEs itself, as well as the possibility of transforming the DTA relating to losses that can be carried 
forward but not yet deducted and to the amount of the ACE (“Aiuto alla Crescita Economica“) notional return 
exceeding the total net income, to the extent of 20 per cent. of the impaired loans sold by 31 December 2020. 
On 20 March 2020, the ECB announced additional measures (in addition to those already undertaken on 12 March 
2020 on temporary capital and operational relief for banks) to ensure that its directly supervised banks can 
continue to fulfil their role to fund households and corporations amid the COVID-19 related economic shock to 
the global economy. The ECB published also a detailed FAQ on the measures adopted with the aim of updating 
it as needed. In particular, the ECB recommended to: 
• 
give banks further flexibility in prudential treatment of loans backed by public guarantees, by extending to 
them the preferential treatment foreseen in its Guidance for NPLs for loans guaranteed or insured; 
• 
encourage banks to avoid excessive procyclical effects when applying the IFRS 9 international accounting 
standard; 
• 
activate capital and operational relief measures announced on 12 March 2020. 
On 25 March 2020, the EBA and ESMA published detailed statements to address IFRS 9 accounting issues due 
to the COVID-19 outbreak and linked to the exceptional measures taken by banks and governments to address the 
situation, which affected compliance with the EBA Guidelines on the definition of default (DoD) and 
forbearance/past-due classifications of loans. 
The EBA statement of 25 March 2020 explained the functioning of the prudential framework in relation to the 
exposures in default, the identification of forborne exposures and impaired exposures in accordance with IFRS 9. 
In particular, EBA has clarified some additional aspects of the operation of the prudential framework concerning: 
• 
the classification of exposures in default; 
• 
the identification of forborne exposures; 
• 
the accounting treatment of the aforesaid exposures 
Specifically, the EBA repeated the concept of flexibility in the application of the prudential framework, clarifying 
that an exposure should not be automatically reclassified as (i) exposure in default, (ii) forborne exposure, or (iii) 
impaired exposure under International Financial Reporting Standard - IFRS9, in case of adoption of credit 
tolerance measures (such as debt moratorium) by national governments. 
The ESMA statement of 25 March 2020 provided guidance on the application of IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments) 
addressed to issuers and auditors with regard to the calculation of expected losses and related disclosure 
requirements, in particular, as regards the suspension (or deferral) of payments established for credit agreements 
(e.g. moratorium on debt) that impact the calculation of Expected Credit Loss (ECL) under the principles set forth 
in IFRS 9. On 20 May 2020, ESMA published a Public Statement addressing the implications of the COVID-19

--- Page 1071 ---
1071 
 
pandemic on the half-yearly financial reports of listed issuers (the "Public Statement"). The Public Statement 
provided recommendations on areas of focus identified by ESMA and highlighted: i) the importance of providing 
relevant and reliable information, which may require issuers to make use of the time allowed by national law to 
publish half-yearly financial reports while not unduly delaying the timing of publication; ii) the importance of 
updating the information included in the latest annual accounts to adequately inform stakeholders of the impacts 
of COVID-19, in particular in relation to significant uncertainties and risks, going concern, impairment of non-
financial assets and presentation in the statement of profit or loss; and iii) the need for entity-specific information 
on the past and expected future impact of COVID-19 on the strategic orientation and targets, operations, 
performance of issuers as well as any mitigating actions put in place to address the effects of the pandemic. The 
Public Statement was conceived to be applicable also to financial statements in other interim periods when IAS 
34 Interim Financial Reporting is applied. It called on the management, administrative and supervisory bodies, 
including audit committees, of issuers and, where applicable, their auditors, to take due consideration of the 
recommendations included within the statement.". 
On 27 March 2020, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of 
Supervision (“GHOS”), has deferred Basel III implementation to increase operational capacity of banks and 
supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the impact of the COVID-19 
on the global banking system. 
The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline of the 
outstanding Basel III standards: 
• 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred by one 
year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor has also been 
extended by one year to 1 January 2028. 
• 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has been deferred 
by one year to 1 January 2023. 
• 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 2018 has 
been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
On 27 March 2020, the European Central Bank published a recommendation addressed to significant banks to 
refrain from paying dividends and from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders for the duration of 
the economic shock related to COVID-19. The ECB has decided to extend the recommendation on dividends until 
1 January 2021 with the new Recommendation ECB/2020/35 that repeals the previous Recommendation ECB 
2020/19 of 27 March 2020. 
On 15 December 2020, the ECB recommended that banks exercise extreme prudence on dividends and share buy-
backs. To this end, the ECB asked all banks to consider not distributing any cash dividends or conducting share 
buy-backs, or to limit such distributions, until 30 September 2021. Given the persisting uncertainty over the 
economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB expects dividends and share buy-backs to remain below

--- Page 1072 ---
1072 
 
15 per cent. of the cumulated profit for 2019-2020 and not higher than 20 basis points of the CET1 ratio. Banks 
that intend to pay dividends or buy back shares need to be profitable and have robust capital trajectories. They are 
expected to contact their Joint Supervisory Team to discuss whether the level of intended distribution is prudent. 
The recommendation remained valid until the end of September 2021. On 23 July 2021, the ECB decided not to 
extend dividend recommendation beyond September 2021 with the new Recommendation ECB/2021/31. In 
particular, the ECB considered that the reduced economic uncertainty allows the thorough supervisory assessment 
of the prudence of bank’s plans to distribute dividends and conduct share buybacks on an individual basis with a 
careful forward-looking assessment of capital plans in the context of the normal supervisory cycle. 
On 1 April 2020 the ECB provided banks with further clarifications on the use of forecasts for the Expected Credit 
Loss (ECL) calculations under IFRS 9, after having invited banks to opt, if not done before, for applying the IFRS 
9 five-year transitional arrangements included in the CRR to mitigate the First Time Application (FTA) capital 
impact of the new accounting principle. 
On 2 April 2020, the EBA published more detailed guidance on the criteria to be fulfilled by legislative and non-
legislative moratoria applied before 30 June 2020. The Guidelines acknowledged that Member States have 
implemented a broad range of support measures in order to minimise the medium- and long-term economic 
impacts of the efforts taken to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. In light of this, the EBA Guidelines clarify 
several aspects of payment moratoria, such as that they do not automatically trigger the classification as forborne 
or distressed restructuring if the measures taken are based on the applicable national law or on an industry or 
sector-wide private initiative agreed and applied broadly by the relevant credit institutions. In June 2020, the EBA 
further extended the application date of its Guidelines by three months, from until 30 September 2020, and on the 
21 September, communicated its phasing-out. However, on 2 December 2020 the Guidelines were reactivated 
until 31 March 2021. 
On 29 January 2021, the EBA published the "Report on the implementation of selected COVID-19 policies", 
which contains a series of clarifications in the form of questions and answers (Q&A) on the interpretation of the 
EBA Guidelines, in particular with regard to the overall duration of the deferred payment to fall within the scope 
of the EBA Guidelines on moratoriums. However, the clarifications did not concern the hypothesis in which the 
moratorium pursuant to law, even if granted before 31 September, was extended for more than 9 months due to a 
subsequent law. 
In continuity with the Cura Italia Decree, Law Decree no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (“Liquidity Decree”) was issued, a 
further measure deemed necessary to support Italian entrepreneurship. The Liquidity Decree, in addition to 
providing an additional guarantee managed by SACE Simest (SACE), a company of the Cassa Depositi e Prestiti 
group, aims to further strengthen the Guarantee Fund for SMEs by redrawing its rules for accessing, by including 
also companies with no more than 499 employees and professionals, as well as increasing the guarantee coverage 
percentages already provided by Article 49 of the Cura Italia Decree (provision that is repealed). In the wake of 
the latter provision, the Liquidity Decree makes further exceptions to the ordinary rules of the Guarantee Fund for 
SMEs, which will be applicable until 31 December 2020. The Government extended such measures until 30 June 
2022.

--- Page 1073 ---
1073 
 
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission published a legislative proposal for amending the CRR to ease 
banking activity during the COVID-19 emergency and ensure the flow of loans to households and businesses. 
The measures, both temporary and exceptional, have been promoted to mitigate the immediate impact of COVID-
19 related developments, and they imply: 
• 
the reintroduction of prudential filters to manage the current situations of strong turbulence in the markets 
and to neutralize the effects of losses and gains on the value of debt securities held in the portfolio available 
for sale as if the securities were valued at cost instead of at fair value; 
• 
a temporary approach to market risk in order to allow supervisors to implement appropriate measures to 
avoid automatic increases in the quantitative addendum (in particular over the period January 2020 and 
December 2021); 
• 
more favourable treatment of government guarantees granted during the crisis, aligning the calendar 
provisioning applied to positions with government guarantees with the calendar provisioning applied to 
credits guaranteed by Export Credit Agencies; 
• 
early application of certain measures provided for in CRR2: i) extension of the SME Supporting Factor; 
ii) introduction of the Infrastructure Supporting Factor; iii) improved weighting calibration for loans 
guaranteed by salary/pension share disposals; iv) improved prudential treatment of software; 
• 
an adaptation of the timeline of the application of international accounting standards to banks' capital 
(IFRS9 phase-in arrangements); 
• 
the postponement of the date of application of the additional reserve requirement for the leverage ratio of 
systemic banks ("G-SIB buffer"); 
• 
a change in the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio; 
• 
the introduction of a transitional regime for EU Sovereign exposures in the currency of another EU Member 
State. 
Following the positive vote of the plenary session of the European Parliament (19 June 2020), the "CRR Quick-
Fix" has been published in the European Official Journal on 26 June and has entered into force the following day 
(27 June 2020). 
On 19 May 2020, the Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020 (the so-called "Decreto Rilancio") was published in 
the Official Journal, introducing urgent measures in the areas of healthcare, work and economic support, as well 
as social policies, related to the epidemiological emergency caused by COVID-19. 
Such decree has been signed in the Law No. 77/2020. It introduced some provisions (valid until 31 December 
2020) which are aimed at strengthening SME's capital, thus preventing their insolvency risk. Particular reference 
is made to two public tools: "Patrimonio PMI" fund, which is aimed at subscribing new bonds issued by SME

--- Page 1074 ---
1074 
 
corporates with €10 million turnover, which have been impacted by COVID-19 a turnover reduction of 33 per 
cent. in April and May 2020 (two tax credits are granted to other investors <20 per cent. of the investment> in 
such corporates, and to the corporates above indicated which have suffered losses <50 per cent. of the losses which 
exceed the 10 per cent. of the Net worth, but in the limit of the 30 per cent. of the capital increase>); and the so-
called "Patrimonio rilancio" (Dedicated assets within CDP) which is aimed at subscribing new bonds (mainly 
convertible bonds) and shares in order to support the real economy. 
In August 2020 the Government approved the Law Decree "August" (Law Decree 14 August 2020, No. 104, 
converted into Law 13 October 2020, No. 126) containing several urgent measures in support of health, work and 
economy, linked to the COVID-19 emergency. The measures introduced by the Law regard the extension of the 
moratorium for SME until 31 January 2021 (formerly 30 September 2020) and, for tourist sector, until 31 March 
2021. Such prorogation operate automatically, unless expressly waived by the beneficiary company. They also 
provide technical changes to the possibility (Article 55, Law Decree Cura Italia No. 18/2020) to convert the DTAs 
into tax credits (application to special regimes, such as consolidated and transparency). The decree above 
mentioned also widens the scope of the public guarantee, too, extending the FCG guarantee scope to companies 
which already got a prorogation of the guarantee due to temporary difficulties of the beneficiary and including 
financial intermediation and holding financial assets activities in the 30k guaranteed loans. It also extends SACE 
guarantee scope also to companies admitted to the arrangement procedure with business continuity (or certified 
plans and restructuring agreements) if their exposures are not classifiable as non-performing exposures (at the 
date of submission of the application), they don't present amounts in arrears and the lender can reasonably assume 
the full repayment of the exposure at maturity. 
In October and November 2020, the Council of Ministers approved the "Relieves" Law Decree (Law Decree 28 
October 2020, No. 137) and the "Relieves 2" Law Decree (Law Decree 9 November 2020, No. 
149) which provides further urgent measure regarding health protection, support to workers and production 
sectors, justice and safety linked to COVID-19 epidemic. Main measures introduced by the Law are a non- 
refundable aid for enterprises whose sectors have been restricted and the prorogation of "rental" Tax credit to 
October-December period and extension to enterprises with turnover exceeding €5 million and which have had a 
50 per cent. reduction of turnover. In March 2021, the Council of Ministers approved the "Support" Law Decree 
(Law Decree 22 March 2021, No. 41) which provides further urgent measure regarding health protection, support 
to workers and production sectors linked to COVID-19 pandemic. Such decree introduces a new non-refundable 
aid for enterprises and professionals which have had a 30 per cent. reduction of turnover. 
Finally, among the measures adopted in response to the COVID-19 emergency, we recall the Capital Markets 
Recovery Package proposal (so-called "quick fix") published by the European Commission in July, which 
proposes targeted amendments to the MiFID, the Prospectus Regulation as well as the Securitization Regulation. 
The package aimed to provide European economies with some relief to face the crisis emerging from the COVID-
19 pandemic.

--- Page 1075 ---
1075 
 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Mandated Dealer(s)" are to the entity listed in the paragraph headed 
"Dealer" in the section headed "Description of the Issuance Programme" above and to such additional entities 
which are appointed from time to time as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has 
not been terminated). References to "Dealers" are to all entities appointed from time to time as a dealer solely in 
respect of one or more Tranches, which may include but is not limited to, any Mandated Dealer(s). 
The Issuers may from time to time appoint one or more Dealer(s) in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
single Tranche only during the term of the Notes. Any such new Dealer(s) shall accede to the Dealer Agreement 
by execution of a dealer accession letter substantially in the form set out in Schedule 4 (Form of Dealer Accession 
Letter) to the Programme Manual (the "Dealer Accession Letter") and will become a party to a dealer agreement 
dated 7 June 2023 between the Issuers, Guarantor and Mandated Dealer, as further amended or supplemented 
from time to time (the "Dealer Agreement") with all the authority, rights, powers, duties and obligations of a 
Dealer as if originally named as a Dealer thereunder.  
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Dealer Agreement, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by 
each Issuer to the Mandated Dealers. However, in respect of single Tranches, the relevant Issuer has reserved the 
right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers which are not Mandated Dealers.  
The relevant Issuer may also offer and sell Notes directly to investors without the involvement of any Dealer.  
The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the relevant Issuer through the Dealers, acting 
as agents of such Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches which 
are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Dealer Agreement, the relevant Issuer, failing which, where applicable, 
the Guarantor, has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of them by 
Mediobanca, Mediobanca International and MBFL, acting together or, in relation to itself and Mediobanca, 
Mediobanca International and MBFL only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than ten Business Days' 
notice. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" are to the persons listed in the paragraph headed 
"Dealers" in the section headed "Description of the Structured Note Issuance Programme" above and to such 
additional persons which are appointed from time to time as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and 
whose appointment has not been terminated) and references to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed from time to time as a dealer solely in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 18 September 2023 as further amended 
or supplemented from time to time (the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arrangers 
and the Permanent Dealers, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by each Issuer to the Permanent

--- Page 1076 ---
1076 
 
Dealers. However, the relevant Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers 
which are not Permanent Dealers. The relevant Issuer may also offer and sell Notes directly to investors without 
the involvement of any Dealer. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, 
at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the relevant Issuer 
through the Dealers, acting as agents of such Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued 
in syndicated Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Dealer Agreement, the relevant Issuer, failing whom, where applicable, 
the Guarantor, has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of them by 
Mediobanca, Mediobanca International and MBFL, acting together or, in relation to itself and Mediobanca, 
Mediobanca International and MBFL only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than ten Business Days' 
notice. 
General 
The selling restrictions described below may be modified by the agreement of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(where applicable) and the Dealers following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such 
modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws, 
regulations and directives in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense, and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which 
it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (where applicable), nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. Other persons into whose 
hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, 
offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in this sub-section headed “General”. 
Ireland

--- Page 1077 ---
1077 
 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered sold, underwritten or placed and will not offer, 
sell, underwrite or place, or do anything with respect to, the Notes: 
(a) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of (i) the European Union (Markets in Financial 
Instruments) Regulations 2017 (S.I. No. 375 of 2017) (the "MiFID II Regulations"), including, without 
limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and 
OTFs)) thereof and in connection with the MiFID II Regulations it will conduct itself in accordance with 
any applicable rules or codes of conduct or practice issued, any conditions or requirements, or any other 
enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland and (ii) the Investor Compensation Act 
1998 of Ireland and the Investment Intermediaries Act 1995 of Ireland to the extent applicable; 
(a) 
otherwise than in conformity with all applicable provisions of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 and 
Directive 2014/65/EU (together, “MiFID II”) and any applicable rules or codes of conduct or practice 
in connection therewith and if acting under an authorisation granted to it for the purposes of MiFID II, 
otherwise than in conformity with the terms of that authorisation; 
(b) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
596/2014), the Market Abuse Directive on criminal sanctions for market abuse (Directive 2014/57/EU), 
the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (S.I. No. 349 of 2016) and any other Irish market 
abuse law as defined in those Regulations or in the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (the "2014 Act") and 
any rules made or guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland in connection with the foregoing, 
including any rules made or guidelines issued by the Central Bank of Ireland under Section 1370 of the 
2014 Act; and 
(c) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of (i) the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129) and any delegated or implementing acts adopted thereunder, the European Union 
(Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (S.I. No. 380 of 2019) and any other Irish prospectus law as defined in 
the 2014 Act, the Central Bank (Investment Market Conduct) Rules 2019 (S.I. No. 366 of 2019), and any 
other rules made or guidelines issued under Section 1363 of the 2014 Act by the Central Bank of Ireland 
(ii) the 2014 Act (iii) the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 of Ireland and any rules or codes of conduct 
or practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 of Ireland and any regulations issued 
pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 of Ireland, and (iv) every 
other enactment that is to be read together with any of the foregoing Acts. 
References in this section to any legislation (including, without limitation, European Union legislation) shall be 
deemed to refer to such legislation as the same has been or may from time to time be amended, supplemented, 
consolidated or replaced and shall include reference to all implementing acts or measures, delegated acts, statutory 
instruments, regulations, rules and guidance in respect thereof. 
United States of America

--- Page 1078 ---
1078 
 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee thereof have been nor will they be registered under the Securities Act or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act) except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  
The applicable Final Terms will identify whether Regulation S Compliance Category 2, TEFRA C rules or 
TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (a) as part of its distribution at any time or 
(b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the Issue Date, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the 
Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, any offer or sale of Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an applicable 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or

--- Page 1079 ---
1079 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer to the public of such Notes in that Relevant 
State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a Non-exempt Offer) 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by 
the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified 
in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for 
the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms

--- Page 1080 ---
1080 
 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes incudes the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a Public Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus 
in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, provided that 
any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer,

--- Page 1081 ---
1081 
 
in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, 
and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(B) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(C) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(D) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(i) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(ii) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by 
the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the

--- Page 1082 ---
1082 
 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or, in the case of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
Unless the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in the Republic of 
Italy, the offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy except: 
(1) 
to 
qualified 
investors 
(investitori 
qualificati), 
as 
defined 
pursuant 
to 
Article 
2 
of 
the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(2) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (1) or (2) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended (the “Italian Banking Act”); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Italian 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time,) and/or 
any other Italian authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, to the extent it is applicable, 
where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (1) and (2) above, the subsequent 
distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the 
public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 
11971/1999. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void 
and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the 
investors.

--- Page 1083 ---
1083 
 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in any Notes described 
herein. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in or 
into Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), except under the following 
exemptions under the FinSA: 
(a) 
to any person that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of the FinSA; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances falling within Article 36 of the FinSA; 
provided, in each case, that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) and (ii) above shall require the publication of 
a prospectus for offers of Notes and/or the publication of a key information document ("KID") (or an equivalent 
document) pursuant to the FinSA. 
The Notes have not been and will not be listed or admitted to trading on any trading venue in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any offer, the Notes or an 
Issuer constitutes a prospectus or a KID (or an equivalent document) as such terms are understood pursuant to the 
FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any offer, the Notes 
or an Issuer may be distributed or otherwise made available in Switzerland in a manner which would require the 
publication of a prospectus or a KID (or an equivalent document) in Switzerland pursuant to the FinSA. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any offer, the Notes or an 
Issuer have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it 
will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 
1949, as amended) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 1084 ---
1084 
 
TAXATION  
The tax laws of the investor's Member State and of the issuer's Member State of incorporation might have 
an impact on the income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their 
own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of 
Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
The following is a general overview of certain Italian, Luxembourg and Irish tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership and disposal of the Notes. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and 
does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors and of Notes, some of 
which (such as dealers in securities or commodities, certain non-Italian resident Noteholders purchasing Notes 
convertible or exchangeable into shares and holders of certain Credit Linked Notes) may be subject to special 
rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult in any case their own tax advisers concerning the 
overall tax consequences of their purchase, ownership and disposal of the Notes. 
This summary assumes that Mediobanca, Mediobanca International and MBFL are resident for tax purposes in 
the Republic of Italy and in Luxembourg respectively and are structured and conduct their business in the manner 
outlined in this Prospectus. Changes in Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International and/or MBFL's 
organisational structure, tax residence or the manner in which each of them conducts its business, as well as in 
case of Substitution of the Issuer as fully set out in Condition 19 (Substitution of the relevant Issuer) of the Base 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, may invalidate this summary. This overview also assumes that each 
transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm's length. 
Where in this overview English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian, Luxembourg and Irish concepts, 
the meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent 
Italian, Luxembourg and Irish concepts under Italian, Luxembourg and Irish tax laws. 
This overview is based upon the laws and/or practice in force as at the date of this Prospectus, which are subject 
to any changes in law and/or practice occurring after such date, which could be made on a retroactive basis. 
Neither Mediobanca, Mediobanca International nor MBFL will update this summary to reflect changes in laws 
and/or practice. If any such change should occur, the information in this summary could become obsolete. 
(A) 
ITALIAN TAXATION OF THE NOTES ISSUED BY MEDIOBANCA 
The Notes issued by Mediobanca may be subject to different tax regimes depending on whether: 
• 
they qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) 
implying a capital investment (impiego di capitale); or

--- Page 1085 ---
1085 
 
• 
they qualify as atypical securities (titoli atipici); or 
• 
they qualify as derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments. 
Depending on the features of the Notes, the following Italian tax treatments may apply to the Notes. 
1. 
Notes qualifying as bonds or securities similar to bonds 
Decree No. 239 regulates the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income including the difference between 
the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Interest") from certain 
securities issued, inter alia, by Italian resident banks. The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to those Notes 
which qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) pursuant to 
Article 44 of Decree No. 917. For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are securities that (i) entail an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value (with or without 
payment of periodic interest) and (ii) do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management 
of the issuer or of the business in relation to which the securities are issued nor any type of control on the 
management. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest accrued on Notes issued by Mediobanca are subject to a 
substitute tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. in the Republic of Italy (either 
when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale of the Notes) if made to beneficial 
owners who are: 
(1) 
individuals resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes, holding the Notes not in connection with 
entrepreneurial activities; or 
(2) 
Italian resident non-commercial partnerships (other than "società in nome collettivo", or "società in 
accomandita semplice" or similar partnerships), or a de facto partnerships not carrying out commercial 
activities or professional associations; or 
(3) 
Italian resident private or public institutions, other than companies, trusts not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
(4) 
investors exempt from Italian corporate income tax. 
All the above categories are qualified as "net recipients" (unless they have entrusted the management of their 
financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and has opted for the so-called "regime del 
risparmio gestito" (the "Asset Management Regime"), according to Article 7 of Decree No. 461 of 21 November 
1997, as amended and supplemented from time to time ("Decree No. 461").  
In the event that the Noteholders described above under (1) and (3) are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional income tax. As a consequence,

--- Page 1086 ---
1086 
 
Interest on the Notes will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and will be 
subject to ordinary income tax and the imposta sostitutiva tax may be recovered as a deduction from the income 
tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Interest in respect of Notes 
that qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) received by 
Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 
1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on Interest if the 
Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (as further 
amended and applicable from time to time, "Law No. 232") and Article 1, paragraphs 211-215, of Law no. 145 
of 30 December 2018 (as further amended and applicable from time to time, "Law No. 145") and in Article 13-
bis of Law Decree No. 124 of October 26, 2019 (as further amended and applicable from time to time, "Law 
Decree No. 124"). Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225-bis of Law n. 178 of 30 December 2020 as further 
amended and applicable from time to time ("Finance Act 2021"), it is further provided that Italian resident 
individuals investing in long-term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of 
Decree 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences 
realised in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings 
account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to 
subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (so-called "SIMs"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio ("SGRs"), stockbrokers and 
other qualified entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance ("Intermediaries" and each an 
"Intermediary") that must (A) (i) be resident in Italy, (ii) be a permanent establishment in Italy of non-Italian 
resident Intermediaries or an entity or (iii) be an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a system 
of centralised administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of Italian Ministry 
of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239, and (B) intervene in 
any way in the collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in the transfers or, disposals of the Notes. For the 
purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of notes includes any assignment or other act, 
either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant notes or in a change 
of the Intermediary with which the notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Italian resident Intermediary (or with a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by 
any Italian resident Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes or, in its absence, by the Issuer. 
Interest payments will not be subject to the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva if made to beneficial owners who are: 
(1) 
Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of non resident corporations to which 
the Notes are effectively connected;

--- Page 1087 ---
1087 
 
(2) 
Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities ("società in accomandita semplice" or 
"società in nome collettivo"); 
(3) 
Italian resident open-ended or closed-ended collective investment funds (together the "Funds" and each 
a "Fund"), Italian investment companies with variable capital ("SICAVs"), Italian resident non-real 
estate investment companies with fixed capital ("SICAFs"), Italian resident pension funds referred to in 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 ("Decree No. 252"), Italian resident real estate 
investment funds ("Real Estate Funds") and Italian real estate investment companies with fixed capital 
("Real Estate SICAFs") subject to the regime provided for by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 
2001; 
(4) 
Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an Italian authorised financial 
intermediary and have opted for the Asset Management Regime. 
Such categories are qualified as "gross recipients". To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without 
the application of imposta sostitutiva, gross recipients indicated here above under (1) to (4) must: (a) be the 
beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes and (b) timely deposit the Notes together with the coupons 
relating to such Notes directly or indirectly with an Italian authorised financial intermediary (or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary). Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with 
an Italian intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the imposta sostitutiva 
is applied and withheld by any Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes or, absent that, by 
the Issuer. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is 
applied and withheld by any Italian Intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) 
which intervenes in the payment of Interest to any Noteholder or by the Issuer and Noteholders who are Italian 
resident companies or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively 
connected are entitled to deduct the imposta sostitutiva suffered from income taxes due. 
Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have opted for the 
Asset Management Regime in connection with their investment in the Notes are subject to a 26 per cent. annual 
imposta sostitutiva (the "Asset Management Tax") on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the 
end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes during the holding period). The 
Asset Management Tax is applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing authorised intermediary. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is a Fund, a SICAV or a non-real estate SICAF and the relevant Notes are 
held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject 
to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the financial results of the Fund, SICAV or non-real estate SICAF. 
The Fund, SICAV or SICAF will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. 
will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the "Collective 
Investment Fund Tax").

--- Page 1088 ---
1088 
 
Where a Noteholder is a Real Estate Fund or a Real Estate SICAF to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 
of 25 September, 2001, as subsequently amended, apply, Interest accrued on the Notes will be subject neither to 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of a Real Estate Fund or a Real Estate SICAF. The 
income of the real Estate Fund or of the Real Estate SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, 
depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the Fund, through distribution and/or 
upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Where a Noteholder is an Italian resident pension funds subject to the regime provided by Article 17 of Decree 
No. 252, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but will be subject to a 20 per cent. tax (the "Pension Fund Tax") on the increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes 
during the holding period). 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including minimum holding period), Interest relating to the Notes 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, 
paragraphs 100-114 of Law No. 232 and Article 1, paragraphs 211-215-bis, of Law No. 145, and in Article 13-
bis of Law Decree No. 124 as amended and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-
225 of the Finance Act 2021, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing in long-term 
individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Decree 124 may benefit from a tax 
credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect of certain 
qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain 
conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant 
capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Interest accrued on the Notes by beneficial owners who are Italian resident corporations and permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign entities to which the Notes are effectively connected are subject to tax in Italy 
in accordance with ordinary rules and would be included in the taxable income for corporate income tax purposes 
(IRES), currently applying at a rate of 24 per cent. (increased by an additional tax at the rate of 3.5 in case of Bank 
of Italy and financial institutions, with the exclusion of SGRs) and in certain circumstances, depending on the 
"status" of the Noteholder also in the net value of production for the purposes of regional tax on productive 
activities (IRAP), generally applying at a rate of 3.9 per cent. (which may be varied by each Italian Region by up 
to 0.92 per cent.). 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest accrued on Notes issued by Mediobanca which qualify as bonds 
(obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) will not be subject to the 26 per cent. 
imposta sostitutiva if made to beneficial owners who are non-Italian resident beneficial owners of Notes not 
having a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, provided that:

--- Page 1089 ---
1089 
 
• 
such beneficial owners are resident for tax purposes in a State or territory which allows for an adequate 
exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities as included in the Decree of the Minister of 
Finance dated 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented from time to time. According to Article 
11(4)(c) of Decree 239 the White List will be updated every six months period. In absence of the issuance 
of the new White List, reference has to be made to the above-mentioned Decree dated 4 September 1996, 
as amended from time to time; an 
• 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and the relevant implementing rules in 
order to benefit from the exemption from the imposta sostitutiva have been promptly and properly 
complied with in due time. 
Decree No. 239, also provides for additional exemptions from the imposta sostitutiva for payments of Interest in 
respect of the Notes made to (i) international bodies and organisations established in accordance with international 
agreements ratified in Italy, (ii) certain foreign institutional investors resident or established in State or territory 
included in the White List, even if they do not have the status of taxpayer in their own country of establishment; 
and (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of the imposta sostitutiva, non-Italian 
resident investors indicated above must: 
• 
be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes; 
• 
deposit the Notes in due time together with the coupons relating to such Notes directly or indirectly with 
an Italian bank or SIM or with a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM, 
or with a non-Italian resident entity participating in a centralised securities management system which is 
in contact, via computer, with the Italian Ministry of Economics, and 
• 
file in due time with the relevant depository a self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating, inter alia, to 
be resident, for tax purposes, or established, as the case may be, in a State or territory included in the 
White List. Such statement which is requested neither for international bodies nor for entities set up in 
accordance with international agreements ratified by Italy nor for foreign Central Banks or entities 
managing, inter alia, official State reserves - must comply with the requirements set forth by Italian 
Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001 and is valid until withdrawn or revoked. Additional statements 
may be required for non-Italian resident Noteholders who are institutional investors. The self-declaration 
(autocertificazione) is not required for non-Italian resident investors that are international entities and 
organisations established in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy and Central Banks 
or entities which manage, accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy and Central Banks 
or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign state. 
Failure of a non-resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree No. 
239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of the imposta sostituiva on the Interest 
payments to a non-resident holder of the Notes.

--- Page 1090 ---
1090 
 
Non-resident holders of the Notes who are subject to imposta sostitutiva might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total 
or partial relief under an applicable double taxation treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of 
residence of the relevant holder of the Notes. 
Fungible Issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the relevant issuer issues a new tranche forming 
part of a single series with a previous tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of interest subject to 
substitute tax, the issue price of the new tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of the original 
tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue date of the previous 
tranche, and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new tranche and that of the original tranche does not 
exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of the notes multiplied by the number of years of the duration of the notes. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable business income 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by Italian resident companies, Italian resident partnerships carrying out 
commercial activities or similar commercial entities (including Italian permanent establishments of foreign 
entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 461, where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are connected, (ii) an Italian resident partnership not carrying out 
commercial activities or (iii) an Italian private or public institution not carrying out manily or esxclusively 
commercial activities, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or transfer for consideration of 
the Notes would be subject to a substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva), levied at the current rate of 26 per cent.. 
Noteholders may generally offset against capital losses with gains of the same nature. 
In respect of the application of such substitute tax, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described below. 
Under the so called "regime della dichiarazione" (the "Tax Declaration Regime"), which is the standard regime 
for taxation of capital gains, the 26 per cent imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative 
basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss of the same nature, realised pursuant to all investment 
transactions carried out during any given tax year. The overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any 
incurred capital loss of the same nature, must be reported in the relevant annual tax return and the substitute tax 
must be paid on such gains together with any balance income tax due for the relevant tax year. Capital losses in 
excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains of the same nature realised in any of the four 
succeeding tax years.  
As an alternative to the Tax Declaration Regime, the holders of the Notes who are: 
• 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are connected;

--- Page 1091 ---
1091 
 
• 
Italian resident partnerships not carrying out commercial activities; 
• 
Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, 
may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption 
of the Notes under the so called "regime del risparmio amministrato" (the "Administrative Savings Regime"), 
according to Article 6 of Decree No. 461. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes 
being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries (or permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) and (ii) an express election for the Administrative Savings 
Regime being timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting 
for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes, as 
well as on capital gains realised as at revocation of its mandate, net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the 
same nature, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the holder of the 
Notes, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds 
provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Where a sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes results in a capital 
loss, such loss may be offset against capital gains of the same nature subsequently realised, within the same 
relationship of deposit, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the Administrative 
Savings Regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
Where the Notes are part of a portfolio managed under the Asset Management Regime by an Italian asset 
management company or an authorised financial intermediary, the capital gains realised upon sale, transfer or 
redemption of the Notes will not be subject to the substitute tax on capital gains but will contribute the 
determination of the annual accrued appreciation of the managed portfolio, subject to the Asset Management Tax. 
Any depreciation of the managed portfolio at year end may be carried forward against appreciation accrued in 
each of the following years up to the fourth. Under the Asset Management Regime, the Noteholder is not required 
to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain conditions, capital gains in respect of Notes that qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities 
similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident 
individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, 
including the imposta sostitutiva of 26 per cent., if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232 and Article 1, 
paragraphs 211-215, of Law No. 145, and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 as amended and applicable 
from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225-bis of the Finance Act 2021, it is further provided 
that Italian resident individuals investing in long-term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, 
paragraph 2-bis of Decree 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and 
negative differences realised in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term 
individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of 
the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future 
capital gains).

--- Page 1092 ---
1092 
 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Funds, SICAVs and non-real estate SICAFs contribute to determine the 
increase in value of the managed assets of the Funds, SICAVs or non-real estate SICAFs accrued at the end of 
each tax year. The Funds, SICAVs or SICAFs will not be subject to taxation on such increase, but the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders. 
Where a Noteholder is an Italian resident Real Estate Fund or Real Estate SICAF, to which the provisions of Law 
Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, as subsequently amended, apply, capital gains realised will be subject 
neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund or Real Estate 
SICAF. The income of the Real Estate Fund or Real Estate SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, 
depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the Real Estate Fund or Real Estate 
SICAF, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided 
for by Article 17 of Decree No. 252) will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of 
the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent.. Pension Fund Tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including minimum holding period), capital gains in respect of 
Notes realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident pension fund may be excluded from the taxable 
base of the Pension Fund Tax, if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100 - 114 of Law No. 
232 and Article 1, paragraphs 211-215, of Law No. 145, and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 as amended 
and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225-bis of the Finance Act 2021, it is 
further provided that Italian resident individuals investing in long-term individual savings account compliant with 
Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Decree 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital 
losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in 
the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including 
the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against 
future capital gains). 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated markets in Italy or 
abroad are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, regardless of whether the Notes are held in Italy. In such a case, 
in order to beneﬁt from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident Noteholders 
who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised ﬁnancial intermediary and elect to be subject to the Asset 
Management Regime or are subject to the Administrative Savings Regime, may be required to file in due time to 
the Italian authorised ﬁnancial intermediary an appropriate statement (autocertificazione) that they are not resident 
in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets issued by

--- Page 1093 ---
1093 
 
an Italian or non-Italian resident issuer may in certain circumstances be taxable in Italy, if the Notes are held in 
Italy. 
Where the Notes are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad:  
• 
pursuant to the provisions of Decree No. 461 non Italian resident beneficial owners of the Notes with no 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected are exempt from the 
imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or 
redemption of the Notes if they are resident, for tax purposes (a) in a State or territory included in the 
White List and (b) all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant 
implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from the imposta 
sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time. The same exemption applies where the beneficial 
owners of the Notes are (i) international entities or organisations established in accordance with 
international agreements ratified by Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors established in 
countries included in the White List, even if they do not have the status of tax payers in their own country 
of residence; or (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
State.  
• 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with the Republic of Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the 
country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of 
Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes.  
Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected elect for the Asset Management Regime or are subject to the Administrative Savings 
Regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in time with the 
authorised financial intermediary an appropriate statement (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the aforesaid 
requirement.  
Please note that for a non-Italian resident, the Administrative Savings Regime shall automatically apply, unless it 
is expressly waived this regime, where the Notes are deposited in custody or administration with an Italian resident 
authorised financial intermediary or permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy of a foreign intermediary. 
2. 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities 
Notes issued by Mediobanca which represent a capital investment but do not fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may qualify as 'atypical' securities 
(titoli atipici) pursuant to article 5 of Decree No. 512. In that case, Interest payments relating to Notes issued by 
Mediobanca may be subject to a 26 per cent. withholding tax. For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are 
securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal 
value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate

--- Page 1094 ---
1094 
 
in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control 
the same. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian resident individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes 
are connected, (ii) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian resident commercial entity, (iii) a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected, (iv) an Italian resident 
commercial partnership or (v) an Italian resident commercial private or public institution, the 26 per cent. 
withholding tax applies as a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases - including if the Noteholder is non-
Italian resident - the withholding tax applies as a final withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree 
No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes which qualify 
as "atypical" securities) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, if such Notes are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to 
Article 1, paragraph 100 -114 of Law No. 232 and Article 1, paragraphs 211-215, of Law No. 145, and in Article 
13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 as amended and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 
219-225-bis of the Finance Act 2021, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing in long-term 
individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Decree 124 may benefit from a tax 
credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect of certain 
qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain 
conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant 
capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (generally 10 per cent., or, in certain 
cases, nil) rate of withholding tax in the case of payments to non-Italian resident Noteholders, subject to proper 
compliance with applicable subjective and procedural requirements. 
For the sake of completeness, it is worth pointing out that non-Italian resident Noteholders may be entitled to 
claim, if certain relevant conditions are met, a reduction of such 26 per cent. withholding tax under the double 
taxation treaty, if any, entered into by Italy and its country of residence, subject to timely filing of required 
documentation. 
3. 
Notes qualifying as derivative securities 
Where the proceeds from the Notes issued by Mediobanca qualify as securitised derivative financial instruments 
do not qualify as income from a capital investment, the tax regime described under Section 1.4 above applies 
according to article 67 of Decree No. 917 and Decree No. 461. 
(B) 
LUXEMBOURG 
TAX 
REGIME 
OF 
THE 
NOTES 
ISSUED 
BY 
MEDIOBANCA 
INTERNATIONAL AND MBFL

--- Page 1095 ---
1095 
 
1. 
Tax treatment of the Notes issued by Mediobanca International and MBFL in Luxembourg 
The Notes should follow their debt accounting treatment, and be treated as debt from a Luxembourg direct tax 
point of view. However, the Luxembourg tax authorities may in the future conclude that based on their features 
the Share Linked Notes are to be considered as equity for Luxembourg tax purposes and, accordingly, follow the 
tax treatment of equity. 
Luxembourg tax residency of the holders of the Notes 
A holder of the Notes will not become resident, or be deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of 
the holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes (holding of the 
Notes includes receipt of interest and repayment of the principal). 
Luxembourg direct tax treatment of the Notes 
(a) 
Luxembourg tax treatment of Notes qualifying as debt 
Withholding tax 
All payments of interest and principal by the Issuer in the context of the holding, disposal, redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes can be made free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes 
of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein, in accordance with the applicable Luxembourg law, subject however: 
(i) 
with respect to Luxembourg resident investors, to the application as regards Luxembourg resident 
individuals of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 (the “Relibi Law”), as modified, which 
foresees a 20% final withholding tax (which is final when Luxembourg resident individuals are acting in 
the context of the management their private wealth) on interest payments made by Luxembourg paying 
agents to Luxembourg individual residents. This withholding tax also applies on accrued interest received 
upon sale, redemption or repurchase of the Notes. Luxembourg resident investors not holding the Notes 
as business assets may benefit, under conditions, from such final 20% withholding tax for interest 
payments that are made through a paying agent established in another EU-Member State or in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area; and 
(ii) 
responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the above-mentioned Luxembourg law of 23 
December 2005, as amended, is assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent within the meaning of the 
Relibi Law. 
Income taxation of the holders of the Notes 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-residents 
Non-resident holders of Notes, not having a permanent establishment, a permanent representative, or a fixed place 
of business in Luxembourg to which the Notes or income thereon are attributable, are not subject to Luxembourg

--- Page 1096 ---
1096 
 
income taxes on income accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes nor on 
capital gains realised on the sale, exchange or disposal of the Notes.  
Non-resident corporate or individual holders of Notes acting in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking, who have a permanent establishment, a permanent representative, or a fixed place of 
business in Luxembourg to which or to whom such Notes are attributable, are subject to Luxembourg income tax 
(and where applicable municipal business tax) on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue 
discounts, under the Notes and on any gains realised upon the sale, exchange or disposal of the Notes.  
Taxation of Luxembourg residents 
Luxembourg resident holders of the Notes will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax on repayment of 
principal under the Notes.  
Resident individual holders of the Notes 
Resident individual holders of the Notes, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, are 
subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest or similar income received, 
redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied on such 
payments in accordance with the Relibi Law, or (ii) the individual holder of the Notes has opted for the application 
of a currently 20% tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Law, which applies if a 
payment of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in a EU Member State (other than 
Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European Economic Area (other than a EU Member State).  
A gain realised by resident individual holders of the Notes, acting in the course of the management of his/her 
private wealth, upon the sale, exchange or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes is not subject to Luxembourg 
income tax, provided this sale, exchange or disposal took place more than six (6) months after the Notes were 
acquired. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income is subject to 
Luxembourg income tax, except if tax has been levied on such interest in accordance with the Relibi Law.  
Resident individual holders of the Notes, acting in the course of the management of a professional or business 
undertaking must include interest or similar income received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the 
Notes, as well as any gain realised upon the sale, exchange or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes, in their 
taxable basis, which will be subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates. If applicable, the tax levied 
in accordance with the Relibi Law will be credited against his/her final tax liability.  
Resident corporate holders of the Notes 
Resident corporate holders of the Notes or foreign enterprises having a permanent establishment in Luxembourg 
must include any interest or similar income received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes,

--- Page 1097 ---
1097 
 
as well as any gain realised upon the sale, exchange or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes, in their 
taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes.  
Corporate holders of the Notes that are governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management 
companies, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as 
amended, or the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 
2016 on reserved alternative investment funds and which do not fall under the special tax regime set out in article 
48 thereof, are neither subject to Luxembourg income tax (or where applicable municipal business tax) in respect 
of interest or similar income received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes, nor on any gain 
realised upon the sale, exchange or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes. 
Net Wealth Tax 
Resident corporate holders of the Notes as well as non-resident corporate holders of the Notes which maintain a 
permanent establishment, fixed place of business or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such 
Notes or income thereon are attributable, are subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Notes, except if the 
holders of the Notes are a family estate management company introduced by the law of 11 May 2007 on family 
estate management companies, as amended, an undertaking for collective investment governed by the law of 17 
December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, a securitisation vehicle governed by and 
compliant with the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, a capital company governed by and 
compliant with the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, a specialised investment fund 
governed by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, a reserved alternative 
investment fund governed by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds8 or a professional 
pension institution governed by the law of 13 July 2005 on institutions for occupational retirement provision in 
the form of pension savings companies with variable capital and pension savings associations.  
Non-resident corporate holders of Notes, not having a permanent establishment, a permanent representative, or a 
fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Notes or income thereon are attributable, as well as individual 
holders of Notes, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, are not subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax 
on such Notes.  
(b) 
Luxembourg tax treatment of Notes qualifying as equity  
Withholding Tax 
In principle, dividends (including interest qualified tax-wise as dividends) paid by the Issuer to the holders of 
Notes are subject to a 15% withholding tax in Luxembourg. 
 
8 Please note however that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, capital companies 
governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, and reserved alternative investment funds governed by the 
law of 23 July 2016 and which fall under the special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof, professional pension institutions governed 
by the law of 13 July 2005 on institutions for occupational retirement provision in the form of pension savings companies with variable 
capital and pension savings associations may, under certain conditions, be subject to minimum net wealth tax.

--- Page 1098 ---
1098 
 
However, subject to the provisions of an applicable double tax treaty, the rate of the withholding tax may be 
reduced. 
Furthermore, a domestic withholding the exemption may apply if, at the time the dividend is made available, (i) 
the receiving entity is an eligible company which (ii) has held or commits itself to hold for an uninterrupted period 
of at least 12 months a participation of at least 10% of the share capital of the Issuer or a participation of an 
acquisition price of at least EUR 1.2 million. Eligible entities include either a company covered by Article 2 of 
the amended EU Parent-Subsidiary Directive, or a Luxembourg permanent establishment thereof, or a company 
resident in a State having concluded a double tax treaty with Luxembourg and subject to a tax corresponding to 
Luxembourg corporate income tax or a Luxembourg permanent establishment thereof, or a company limited by 
shares (société de capitaux) or a cooperative society (société coopérative) resident in the European Economic 
Area other than an EU Member State and liable to a tax corresponding to Luxembourg corporate income tax or a 
Luxembourg permanent establishment thereof, or a Swiss company limited by share capital which is effectively 
subject to corporate income tax in Switzerland without benefiting from an exemption. However, the domestic 
withholding tax exemption will not apply in case the transaction qualifies as an abuse of law under the general 
anti-abuse rule. 
Income Tax 
Luxembourg Resident Individual Holder of Notes 
Dividends (including interest qualified tax-wise as dividends) derived from the Notes by resident individual 
holders, who act in the course of the management of either their private wealth or their professional or business 
activity, are subject to income tax at the progressive ordinary rate. Such dividend may benefit from the 50% 
exemption set forth in Article 115, section 15, letter a) of the LITL, subject to the fulfilment of the conditions set 
out therein. A tax credit is further granted for Luxembourg withholding taxes, if any. 
Capital gains realised on the disposal of the Notes by resident individual holders, should not be subject to income 
tax, unless said capital gains qualify either as speculative gains or as gains on a substantial participation. Capital 
gains on the Notes are deemed to be speculative gains and are subject to income tax at ordinary income tax rates 
if the Notes are disposed of within 6 months after their acquisition or if their disposal precedes their acquisition. 
A participation is deemed to be substantial where a Luxembourg resident individual holder of the Notes has either 
alone or together with his spouse and/or underage children, held directly or indirectly at any time within the 5 
years preceding the disposal, more than 10% of the share capital of the Issuer. A holder of the Notes is also deemed 
to alienate a substantial participation if he acquired free of charge, within the 5 years preceding the transfer, a 
participation that was constituting a substantial participation in the hands of the transferor (or any of the successive 
transferor in case of successive transfers free of charge within the same 5-year period). Capital gains realised on 
a substantial participation more than 6 months after the acquisition thereof are subject to income tax according to 
the half-global rate method. A disposal may include a sale, an exchange, a contribution or any other kind of 
alienation of the Notes. 
Luxembourg Resident Corporate Holders of Notes

--- Page 1099 ---
1099 
 
Dividends (including interest qualified tax-wise as dividends) and other payments derived from the Notes and 
paid to a Luxembourg fully taxable resident company are subject to income tax, unless the conditions of the 
participation exemption regime, as described below, are satisfied. If these conditions are not met, under current 
Luxembourg tax laws, 50% of the gross amount of dividends (including interest qualified tax-wise as dividends) 
received on the Notes may be exempt from income tax pursuant to article 115, section 15, letter a) of the LITL. 
A tax credit is further granted for Luxembourg withholding taxes, if any. 
Under the participation exemption regime, dividends (including interest qualified tax-wise as dividends) derived 
from the Notes may be exempt from income tax at the level of the holder of the Notes, except for the amount of 
the expenses which directly relate to this shareholding and which have reduced the Luxembourg fully taxable 
resident company's taxable basis in the year of receipt of the dividend, if cumulatively, (i) the holder of the Notes 
is a Luxembourg resident fully taxable company, or a Luxembourg permanent establishment of a company 
covered by Article 2 of the amended EU Parent-Subsidiary Directive, or a Luxembourg permanent establishment 
of a company limited by share capital resident in a country having a tax treaty with Luxembourg, or a Luxembourg 
permanent establishment of a limited company or a cooperative company resident in the European Economic Area 
other than a EU Member State, (ii) the beneficiary has held or commits itself to hold the Notes for an uninterrupted 
period of at least 12 months at the time of the distribution and (iii) during this whole period, the Notes represent 
a participation of at least 10% in the share capital of the Issuer or a participation of an acquisition price of at least 
EUR 1.2 million. The benefits of the participation exemption regime do not however apply where the transaction 
qualifies as an abuse of law under the general anti-abuse rule. 
Capital gains realised by a Luxembourg fully taxable resident company on the Notes are subject to income tax at 
ordinary rates. However, under the participation exemption regime, capital gains realised on the Notes may be 
exempt from income tax, except for the amount of the expenses which directly relate to this shareholding and 
which have reduced the Luxembourg fully taxable resident company's taxable basis in the year of disposal and 
prior years, if the above-mentioned conditions are met except that the acquisition price threshold is EUR 6 million 
for capital gains purposes. Taxable gains are determined as being the difference between the price for which the 
Notes have been disposed of and the fiscal value. 
Luxembourg Resident Companies benefiting from a Special Tax Regime 
Holders of Notes who are undertakings for collective investment governed by the law of 17 December 2010, as 
amended, specialised investment funds governed by the law of 13 February 2007, as amended, reserved alternative 
investment funds organised as specialised investment funds under the law of 23 July 2016, or family wealth 
management companies governed by the law of 11 May 2007, as amended, are exempt from income tax in 
Luxembourg. Dividends (including interest qualified tax-wise as dividends) derived from and capital gains 
realised on the Notes are thus not subject to income tax in their hands. 
Companies subject to the law of 15 June 2004, as amended, on venture capital investment companies and or 
reserved alternative investment funds organised as venture capital investment companies under the law of 23 July 
2016 might enjoy an exemption on income and gains from the Notes in accordance with, and subject to, the 
requirements of such law.

--- Page 1100 ---
1100 
 
Luxembourg Non-Resident Holders of Notes 
Non-resident holders of Notes who have neither a permanent establishment nor a permanent representative in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to which the Notes are attributable are generally not liable to any Luxembourg 
income tax, whether they receive payments of dividends (including interest qualified tax-wise as dividends) or 
realize capital gains upon sale of the Notes, except for capital gains realised on a substantial participation (see 
above under section (a) before the acquisition or within the first 6 months of the acquisition thereof that are subject 
to income tax in Luxembourg at ordinary rates (subject to applicable double tax treaties). 
Permanent Establishment of Luxembourg Non-Resident Holders of Notes 
Dividends (including interest qualified tax-wise as dividends) received by a Luxembourg permanent establishment 
or a permanent representative of a non-resident holder of Notes to which the Notes are attributable, as well as 
capital gains realised on such Notes, are subject to Luxembourg income tax, unless the conditions of the 
participation exemption regime are satisfied (see above under section (b). Dividends (including interest qualified 
tax-wise as dividends) deriving from Notes that do not qualify for the 100% exemption and received by a 
Luxembourg permanent establishment or permanent representative may benefit from the 50% exemption of the 
gross amount as described above according to article 115, section 15, letter a) of the LITL. A tax credit is further 
granted for the Luxembourg withholding tax, if any. 
Net Wealth Tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on a holder of a Note unless: (i) such holder is, or is deemed to be, 
resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant provisions; or (ii) such Note is attributable to an enterprise 
or part thereof which is carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Under the participation exemption regime, the Notes may be exempt from net wealth tax at the level of the holder 
of the Notes, if cumulatively, (i) the holder of the Notes is a Luxembourg resident fully taxable company, or a 
Luxembourg permanent establishment of a company covered by Article 2 of the amended EU Parent-Subsidiary 
Directive, or a Luxembourg permanent establishment of a company limited by share capital resident in a country 
having a tax treaty with Luxembourg, or a Luxembourg permanent establishment of a limited company or a 
cooperative company resident in the European Economic Area other than a EU Member State and (ii) the Notes 
represent a participation of at least 10% in the share capital of the Issuer or a participation of an acquisition price 
of at least EUR 1.2 million. The benefits of the participation exemption regime do not however apply where the 
transaction qualifies as an abuse of law under the general anti-abuse rule. 
Minimum net wealth tax will be levied under certain circumstances only if the holder of the Note is, or is deemed 
to be, resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant provisions. 
Luxembourg resident individuals are generally not subject to net wealth tax. 
(c) 
Other Taxes

--- Page 1101 ---
1101 
 
In principle, neither the issuance nor the transfer of Notes will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp duty, value-
added tax, issuance tax, registration tax, transfer tax or similar taxes or duties.  
However, a fixed registration duty may be due upon the registration of the Notes in Luxembourg in case where 
(i) the Notes are physically attached to a public deed or to any other document subject to mandatory registration, 
(ii) the Notes are deposed in the minutes of a notary (déposé au rang des minutes d’un notaire) or (iii) in case of 
a registration of the Notes on a voluntary basis or attachment to a document that is voluntarily registered.  
Where a holder of Notes is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the Notes are 
included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes.  
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes if embodied in a Luxembourg deed passed in front of a notary 
or recorded in Luxembourg. 
(d) 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
 Pursuant to sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution”, which does not become a participating foreign financial institution by entering into 
an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or is not otherwise exempt from or in deemed compliance 
with FATCA, may be required to withhold a 30% tax on certain payments it makes (foreign pass-through 
payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer may be 
a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Luxembourg) have entered 
into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as 
currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to 
withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may 
be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply until two years after the date of the 
publication of Treasury Regulations defining the term “foreign passthru payments” and Notes characterised as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that 
are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign pass-
through payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.   
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes.   
In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
(e) 
CRS

--- Page 1102 ---
1102 
 
The Issuer may be required to report certain information about its Noteholders and, as the case may be, about 
individuals controlling Noteholders that are entities, on an automatic and annual basis to the Luxembourg tax 
administration (Administration des contributions directes) in accordance with, and subject to, the Luxembourg 
law of 24 July 2015 concerning FATCA, and/or the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 implementing Council 
Directive 2014/107/EU and the standard for automatic exchange of financial account information in tax matters 
developed by the OECD with the G20 countries (commonly referred to as the “Common Reporting Standard”), 
each as amended from time to time (each an AEOI Law and collectively the AEOI Laws). Such information, 
which may include personal data (including, without limitation, the name, address, country(ies) of tax residence, 
date and place of birth and tax identification number(s) of any reportable individual) and certain financial data 
about the relevant Notes (including, without limitation, their balance or value and gross payments made 
thereunder), will be transferred by the Luxembourg tax administration to the competent authorities of the relevant 
foreign jurisdictions in accordance with, and subject to, the relevant Luxembourg legislation and international 
agreements. 
Each Noteholder and prospective investor agrees to provide, upon request by the Issuer (or its delegates), any such 
information, documents and certificates as may be required for the purposes of the Issuer’s identification and 
Reporting Obligations under any AEOI Law. The Issuer reserves the right to reject any application for Notes or 
to redeem Notes (i) if the prospective investor or Noteholder does not provide the required information, documents 
or certificates or (ii) if the Issuer (or its delegates) has reason to believe that the information, documents or 
certificates provided to the Issuer (or its delegates) are incomplete or incorrect and the Noteholder does not 
provide, to the satisfaction of the Issuer (or its delegates), sufficient information to cure the situation. Prospective 
investors and Noteholders should note that incomplete or inaccurate information may lead to multiple and/or 
incorrect reporting under the AEOI Laws. Neither the Issuer nor any other person accepts any liability for any 
consequences that may result from incomplete or inaccurate information provided to the Issuer (or its delegates). 
Any Noteholder failing to comply with the Company’s information requests may be charged with any taxes and 
penalties imposed on the Issuer attributable to such Noteholder’s failure to provide complete and accurate 
information. 
Each Noteholder and prospective investor acknowledges and agrees that the Issuer will be responsible to collect, 
store, process and transfer the relevant information, including the personal data, in accordance with the AEOI 
Laws. Each individual whose personal data has been processed for the purposes of any AEOI Law has a right of 
access to his/her personal data and may ask for a rectification thereof in case where such data is inaccurate or 
incomplete. 
(C) 
ITALIAN 
TAX 
TREATMENT 
OF 
THE 
NOTES 
ISSUED 
BY 
MEDIOBANCA 
INTERNATIONAL AND MBFL IN ITALY 
The Notes issued by Mediobanca International and MBFL may be subject to different tax regimes depending on 
whether: 
• 
they qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) 
implying a capital investment (impiego di capitale); or

--- Page 1103 ---
1103 
 
• 
they qualify as atypical securities (titoli atipici); or 
• 
they qualify as derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments. 
Depending on the features of the Notes, one of the following Italian tax treatments may apply to the Notes. 
(a) 
Notes qualifying as bonds or securities similar to bonds 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Decree No. 239 regulates the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference 
between the redemption amount and the issue price) from certain securities issued, inter alia, by non-Italian 
resident entities. The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to those Notes which qualify as bonds 
(obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 
917. For this purposes securities similar to bonds are securities that (i) entail an unconditional obligation to pay, 
at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value (with or without periodic interest payments) and (ii) do 
not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or of the business in relation 
to which the securities are issued nor any type of control on the management. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, a substitute tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva at a rate of 26 per cent. is applied 
on Interest on Notes qualifying as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) within the meaning of Article 44 of Decree No. 917 issued by a non-Italian resident issuer accrued 
during the relevant holding period, if received by: 
(1) 
an Italian resident individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected 
unless he has entrusted the management of his financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised 
intermediary and has opted for the Asset Management Regime according to Article 7 of Decree No. 461; 
or 
(2) 
an Italian resident partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice 
or similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or professional 
association; or; 
(3) 
an Italian resident private or public institutions, other than companies, trusts not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
(4) 
Italian resident investors exempt from Italian corporate income taxation. 
If the Noteholders described under (1) and (3) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes 
are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. As a consequence, the Interest is subject to the 
ordinary income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Interest in respect of Notes 
that qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) received by

--- Page 1104 ---
1104 
 
Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 
1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the 26 per cent. substitute tax, on Interest if the Notes 
are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 232 232 and Article 1, paragraphs 211-215, 
of Law No. 145, and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225-bis of the Finance Act 2021, it is further provided that Italian resident 
individuals investing in long-term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of 
Decree 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences 
realised in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings 
account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to 
subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Pursuant to Decree 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by Italian Intermediaries or by permanent 
establishments in the Republic of Italy of Intermediaries resident outside Italy. Where the Notes and the relevant 
coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the substitute tax is applied and withheld by any Italian 
Intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) that intervenes in the payment of 
Interest to any Noteholder or, in its absence, by the Issuer. 
Where Interest on Notes beneficially owned by the subjects from (1) to (4) above are not collected through the 
intervention of an Italian Intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) and as such 
no imposta sostitutiva is applied, the above Italian resident beneficial owners will be required to declare Interest 
in their yearly income tax return and subject them to final substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent. (only limited to 
those Noteholders not engaged in a business activity to which the Notes are effectively connected), unless option 
for a different regime is allowed and made. Italian resident Noteholders that are individuals not engaged in 
entrepreneurial activity may elect instead to pay ordinary personal income taxes at the progressive rates applicable 
to them in respect of Interest on such Notes: if so, the beneficial owners should be generally entitled to a tax credit 
for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder who is beneficial owner of the Notes is a company, an Italian resident 
commercial partnership or similar commercial entity, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company 
to which the Notes are effectively connected and the Notes and relevant coupons are timely deposited with an 
Intermediary, Interest from the Notes will not be subject to the substitute tax, but must be included in the relevant 
Noteholder's annual income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (and, in 
certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also to IRAP). In such cases, the beneficial 
owners should be generally entitled to a tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
For Noteholders who are Funds, SICAVs, non-real estate SICAFs, Real Estate Fund, Real Estate SICAF or Italian 
pension funds (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of Decree No. 252), please refer to paragraph 
"Italian Taxation of the Notes issued by Mediobanca Notes qualifying as bonds or similar securities - Italian 
resident Noteholders" above.

--- Page 1105 ---
1105 
 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Imposta sostitutiva is not applied on interest payments to a non-Italian resident Noteholder not having a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected of Interest relating to Notes issued by a non-
Italian resident issuer. 
If Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer and beneficially owned by non-Italian residents are deposited with 
an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are 
sold through an Italian bank or other resident financial intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
intermediary) or in any case an Italian resident financial intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of 
foreign intermediary) intervenes in the payment of Interest on such Notes, to ensure payment of Interest without 
application of Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Noteholder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or 
other intermediary a statement (autocertificazione) stating that he or she is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes by Italian resident Noteholders would be 
subject to the same tax regimes as described under section 1.4. "Capital gains tax", above. 
Capital gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes by non Italian resident Noteholders without 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected may, in certain circumstances, be 
subject to a 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Notes are held in Italy. However, the same exemptions illustrated 
under the section (A) 1.4 "Capital gains tax" apply to the benefit of non-Italian residents if capital gains on the 
Notes might become taxable due to the holding of the Notes in Italy. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the relevant issuer issues a new tranche forming 
part of a single series with a previous tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of interest subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, the issue price of the new tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of the 
original tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue date of the 
previous tranche, and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new tranche and that of the original tranche 
does not exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of the notes multiplied by the number of years of the duration of 
the notes. 
(b) 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities 
Interest payments to Italian resident Noteholders relating to Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer which 
represent a capital investment but do not qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni) may qualify as "atypical" securities (titoli atipici) pursuant to article 5 of Decree No.512 
and may be subject to Italian withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.. For this purpose, securities similar 
to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than 
their nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or

--- Page 1106 ---
1106 
 
indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were 
issued, nor to control the same. 
If the Notes are issued by a non-Italian resident issuer, a 26 per cent. withholding tax may apply in Italy if the 
Notes are placed ("collocate") in Italy and Interest payments on the Notes are collected through an Italian bank or 
other qualified financial intermediary. However, the 26 per cent. "entrance" withholding tax does not apply to 
Interest payments made: 
(a) 
to a non-Italian resident Noteholder. If Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer and beneficially 
owned by non-Italian residents are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident financial intermediary 
(or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign financial intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank 
or other resident financial intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign financial 
intermediary) or in any case an Italian resident financial intermediary (or permanent establishment in 
Italy of foreign financial intermediary) intervenes in the payment of Interest on such Notes, to ensure 
payment of Interest without application of Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Noteholder may be 
required to produce to the Italian bank or other financial intermediary a statement (autocertificazione) 
stating that he or she is not resident in Italy for tax purposes; and 
(b) 
to an Italian resident Noteholder which is (i) an Italian resident commercial partnership, (ii) an Italian 
resident company or a similar Italian resident commercial entity (including the Italian permanent 
establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are effectively connected) and (iii) a commercial 
private or public institution. In particular, in such cases, Interest must be included in the relevant 
Noteholder's annual income tax return, to be therefore subject to ordinary Italian business income 
taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also to IRAP) 
according to the ordinary rules and the beneficial owners should be generally entitled to a tax credit for 
withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
With respect to the other categories of Italian resident Noteholders, if Interest payments on Notes issued by a non-
Italian resident issuer are not collected through an Italian resident bank or other financial intermediary, and as 
such no withholding tax is required to be levied, such Noteholders will be required to report the payments in their 
annual income tax return and subject them to a final substitute tax at rate of 26 per cent. (only limited to those 
Noteholders not engaged in a business activity to which the Notes are effectively connected). Italian resident 
individual beneficial owners holding Notes not in connection with a business activity may elect instead to pay 
ordinary personal income tax at the progressive rates applicable to them in respect of Interest payments: if so, the 
beneficial owners should generally benefit from tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
In case the Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer are held by an Italian resident individual engaged in a 
business activity and are effectively connected with same business activity, the Interest will be subject to the 26 
per cent. withholding tax on a provisional basis and will be included in the relevant income tax return. As a 
consequence, the Interest will be subject to the ordinary income tax and the withholding tax may be recovered as 
a deduction from the income tax due.

--- Page 1107 ---
1107 
 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree 
No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes which qualify 
as "atypical" securities) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, if such Notes are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to 
Article 1, paragraphs 100 -114 of Law No. 232 232 and Article 1, paragraphs 211-215, of Law No. 145, and in 
Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 as amended and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, 
paragraphs 219-225-bis of the Finance Act 2021, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing 
in long-term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Decree 124 may benefit 
from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect of 
certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that 
certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the 
relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
(c) 
Notes qualifying as derivative securities 
Where the proceeds from the Notes issued by Mediobanca International and MBFL qualify as securitised 
derivative financial instruments do not qualify as income from a capital investment, the tax regime described 
under Section (A) "Capital gains tax" above applies according to article 67 of Decree No. 917 and Decree No. 
461. 
(D) 
PAYMENTS MADE BY THE GUARANTOR UNDER THE GUARANTEE 
There is no authority directly regarding the Italian tax regime of payments on notes made by an Italian resident 
guarantor. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian tax authorities will not assert an alternative 
treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that the Italian courts would not support such an alternative 
treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Notes made to Italian resident Noteholders by an Italian resident guarantor, in 
accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payments may be subject to Italian withholding 
tax at the rate of 26 per cent. levied as a final tax or a provisional tax depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, 
pursuant to Decree No. 600. Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in 
certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax in case of payments to non-Italian residents, subject to proper compliance 
with relevant subjective and procedural requirements. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Guarantor should be treated, in certain 
circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and made subject to the tax treatment described above under 
paragraph "Italian Taxation of Notes issued by Mediobanca" and "Luxembourg Tax regime of the Notes issued by 
Mediobanca International and MBFL". 
(a) 
Inheritance and gift taxes

--- Page 1108 ---
1108 
 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, as converted in law, with amendments, by Law No. 286 
effective from 24 November 2006, transfers of Notes as a result of death or donation (or other transfers for no 
consideration) are generally taxed in Italy as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favor of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance and 
gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 1,000,000.00 
for each beneficiary; 
(ii) 
transfers in favor of siblings are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value of the 
inheritance or the gift exceeding € 100,000.00 for each beneficiary; 
(iii) 
transfers in favor of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift; and 
(iv) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on the entire 
value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the beneficiary has a serious disability recognised by law, inheritance and gift taxes apply on its portion of the 
net asset value exceeding € 1,500,000.00. 
If the donee sells the Notes for consideration within 5 years from the receipt thereof as a gift, the donee is required 
to pay the relevant imposta sostitutiva on capital gains as if the gift has never taken place. 
A tax credit may be available for the inheritance and gift tax paid in Italy under the applicable double tax treaty 
on inheritance and gift, if any. 
(b) 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the following registration tax: (i) public deeds and 
notarised deeds are subject to a fixed registration tax at a rate of € 200.00; (ii) private deeds are subject to 
registration tax at a rate of € 200.00 only if they are voluntary registered or if the so-called "caso d'uso" or 
"enunciazione" occurs. 
(c) 
VAT and registration tax 
If the relevant Issuer decides to redeem the Notes upon their maturity by physical delivery to the investor, Italian 
VAT and/or registration tax may become payable. 
(d) 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October, 1972, a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent 
by a financial intermediary to its clients in respect of any financial product and instrument, including the Notes, 
which may be deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent.

--- Page 1109 ---
1109 
 
and it cannot exceed € 14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the basis 
of the market value or, if no market value figure is available, on the basis of face value or redemption value, or in 
the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the basis of purchase value of the financial assets 
(including banking bonds, obbligazioni and capital adequacy financial instruments) held. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for which is not 
mandatory nor the deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less 
than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable based on the period accounted. 
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May, 2012, the 
stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 
June, 2012) of an entity that exercises a banking, financial or insurance activity in any form within the Italian 
territory. 
(e) 
Wealth tax on Notes deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, Italian resident individuals non commercial entities, 
non commercial partnerships and similar institutions resident in Italy for tax purposes holding financial 
instruments, including the Notes, outside the Italian territory are required to declare them in their own annual tax 
returns and pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent. (IVAFE). Starting from fiscal year 2020, the wealth tax 
cannot exceed € 14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. The wealth tax is calculated on the market value 
at the end of the relevant year or, where no market value is available, on the nominal value or redemption value, 
or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of any financial asset 
held abroad by Italian resident individuals, including the Notes. A tax credit is granted for any foreign property 
tax levied abroad on the same financial assets. The financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of 
the wealth tax, if such financial assets are administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an 
administration agreement. 
(f) 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar entities resident in 
Italy for tax purposes are required, in certain circumstances, to report in their annual income tax return, (or, in 
case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for 
the income tax return), according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June, 1990, converted into law by Law Decree 
No. 227 of 4 August, 1990, as amended from time to time, for tax monitoring purposes: 
(1) 
the amount of Notes issued by Mediobanca held abroad during each tax year; 
(2) 
the amount of Notes, issued by Mediobanca International, held abroad during each tax year; and 
(3) 
the amount of Notes, issued by Mediobanca International, held abroad during each tax year.

--- Page 1110 ---
1110 
 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, 
are the actual owner of the instrument. 
The above reporting requirement does not apply with respect to (i) foreign investments (including the Notes) 
deposited for management with Italian financial intermediaries or relevant contracts entered into through their 
intervention, upon condition that any related income has been subject to tax by such financial intermediaries, or 
(ii) if the foreign investments are exclusively composed of deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate 
value does not exceed € 15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
(g) 
Financial transaction tax 
Where the relevant Issuer decides to redeem the Share Linked Notes at their maturity by delivering Shares to the 
investor, an Italian Financial Transaction Tax ("IFTT") may apply. In particular, Article 1(491) of Law No. 228 
of 24 December 2012 (the "Stability Law for 2013") as amended by Law Decree of 21 June 2013, N° 69, 
introduced a stamp duty-like IFTT of 0.2 per cent. on the transfer of shares and other equity-like instruments 
issued by Italian resident entities (for this purpose, residence must be determined on the basis of the location of 
the entity's registered office). This also encompasses any financial instruments that have such shares or equity-
like instruments as their underlying assets, irrespective of the issuer's residence. The IFTT applies even if the 
transfer takes place outside Italy and/or any of the parties to the transaction are not resident in Italy. 
The IFTT rate is reduced by half to 0.1 per cent. if the transfer takes place on a regulated market or multilateral 
trading system. The tax is determined with reference to the net daily balance of purchase and sale transactions 
performed by the same person in the same financial instrument. In particular, the taxable base is determined by 
multiplying: (i) the number of securities corresponding to the sum of the net daily balance of purchase and sale 
transactions for each financial instrument for which there are net purchases (as opposed to net sales); and (ii) the 
weighted average price of the purchases of such financial instruments carried out on the relevant day. 
Article 1(492) of the Stability Law for 2013 introduces a fixed levy IFTT that applies to all transactions involving 
equity derivatives which have Italian shares, Italian equity-like instruments or Italian equity-related instruments 
as their underlying assets. An equity derivative is subject to the IFTT if the underlying or reference value consists 
of more than 50 per cent., of the market value of Italian shares, Italian equity-like instruments or Italian equity-
related instruments, as measured on either: (i) the date of issuance, for financial instruments traded on regulated 
markets or on multilateral trading systems; or (ii) the date when the relevant contract is entered into in all other 
cases. The IFTT applies even if the transfer takes place outside Italy and/or any of the parties to the transaction 
are not resident in Italy. 
The amount of tax due depends on the type of derivative instrument and on the contract's value, but is subject to 
a maximum of Euro 200. This IFTT is reduced to 1/5 of the relevant amount if the transfer takes place on a 
regulated market or multilateral trading system. If a derivative is equity-settled, the consequent share transaction 
is ordinarily subject to the IFTT under Article 1(491) of the Stability Law for 2013.

--- Page 1111 ---
1111 
 
The IFTT under Article 1(491) of the Stability Law for 2013 is due by and borne by the (ultimate) transferee of 
the shares or equity-like instruments. The IFTT under Article 1(492) of the Stability Law for 2013 is due by each 
party involved in the relevant transaction. The IFTT must be paid and accounted for to the Italian tax authorities 
by any intermediary intervening in any way in the execution of such transactions, e.g. banks, fiduciary companies 
or investment firms licensed to provide investment services on a professional basis to the public in accordance 
with Article 18 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, including non-Italian resident 
intermediaries. However, the Stability Law for 2013 provides that such an intermediary is permitted to refrain 
from executing the relevant transaction until they have received the amount of IFTT due on the transaction from 
the relevant person referred to above. Non-Italian resident intermediaries may appoint an Italian withholding agent 
as a tax representative in order to take care of the compliance regarding the IFTT. In the event that several financial 
intermediaries are involved, the obligation to make the payment of the IFTT to the Italian tax authorities falls on 
the party that directly receives the transaction order from the parties. If no intermediary is involved in a transaction, 
the relevant parties referred to above must pay the IFTT due directly to the Italian tax authorities. 
A 0.02 per cent. IFTT has also been introduced on high frequency trading carried out on the Italian financial 
market. 
Some exemptions may apply. 
IFTT should not apply to Notes which qualify as atypical securities. However, an official position of the Italian 
Tax Authority in this regard is not available. 
(E) 
IRISH TAXATION OF THE NOTES ISSUED BY MEDIOBANCA, MEDIOBANCA 
INTERNATIONAL AND MBFL 
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Notes. The summary does not purport 
to be a comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. 
The summary is based upon the laws of Ireland and the published practices of the Revenue Commissioners of 
Ireland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their 
own advisers as to the Irish or other tax consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership and disposition of the 
Notes including, in particular, the effect of any state or local law taxes, if applicable. 
(a) 
Irish withholding tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
• 
Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest that is capable of arising for a period in excess of 
one year); 
• 
Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being made for a period 
in excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the recipient); and

--- Page 1112 ---
1112 
 
• 
Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by companies that 
are resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax. 
Such withholding tax arises at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) to payments of Irish source 
yearly interest and Irish source annual payments, and at a prescribed rate of 25 per cent. to distributions. 
On the basis that the relevant Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor does the relevant 
Issuer operate in Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the Notes is connected, nor are the 
Notes held in Ireland through a depository or otherwise located in Ireland, then to the extent that payments of 
interest or annual payments arise on the Notes, such payments should not be regarded as payments having an Irish 
source for the purposes of Irish taxation. 
Accordingly, the relevant Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the relevant Issuer (save as described at 
Irish Encashment Tax below) should not be obliged to deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from payments 
made in connection with the Notes. 
Separately, for as long as the Notes are quoted on a stock exchange, an investor should not be obliged to deduct 
any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in connection with the purchase of the Notes. 
(b) 
Irish encashment tax 
Payments on any Notes paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent in Ireland acting on 
behalf of the beneficial owner of Notes will be subject to Irish encashment tax at a prescribed rate of 25 per cent., 
unless it is proved, on a claim made in the required manner to the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, that the 
beneficial owner of the Notes entitled to the interest or distribution is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of 
Irish tax and such interest or distribution is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be the 
income of another person that is resident in Ireland. Separately, an exemption will apply where the payment is 
made to a company where that company is beneficially entitled to that income and is or will be within the charge 
to corporation tax in respect of that income. 
(F) 
PROPOSED EUROPEAN FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission has published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the "Participating EU Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will 
not participate. 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
the Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the Participating EU Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least

--- Page 1113 ---
1113 
 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating EU Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a Participating EU Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating EU Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating EU Member State. 
Joint statements issued on 8 December 2015 by Participating EU Member States, except Estonia, indicate an 
intention to implement the FTT by the end of June 2016. On 16 March 2016, Estonia completed the formalities 
required to leave the enhanced co-operation on FTT. On 17 June 2016, the Council of the European Union 
announced that the work on FTT will continue during the second half of 2016. The Council of the European Union 
discussed the state of the dossier in June 2017 and reiterated that further work at the Council and its preparatory 
bodies is still required, before a final agreement on this dossier can be reached. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating EU Member States and is the subject 
of legal challenge. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek 
their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 1114 ---
1114 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
The Central Bank of Ireland has approved this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus. Application has also been 
made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Euronext 
Dublin Euronext Dublin's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU, 
as amended. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed or admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange or trading venue or which will be listed or admitted to trading on 
such stock exchange or market or multilateral trading facility as the Issuers and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
The Central Bank of Ireland may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to the competent authority of another 
European Economic Area member state: (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; (ii) an Attestation Certificate. 
(2) 
Authorisations 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Ireland and 
the Republic of Italy in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme and the issue and 
performance of the Notes and the guarantee relating to them. The update of the Programme, including the giving 
of the Guarantee, was authorised by a resolution adopted by the Executive Committee of Mediobanca passed on 
10 may 2023 and the decision (determina) assumed by the General Manager (Direttore Generale) of Mediobanca 
on 23 May 2023, and the resolution of the Board of Directors of Mediobanca International passed on 20 October 
2022 and the resolution of the Board of Directors of MB Funding Lux SA dated 27 July 2023. 
(3) 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
(4) 
Legal Proceedings 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus at page 1039 (Legal and arbitration proceedings), Mediobanca 
International (where Mediobanca International is the relevant Issuer) and MBFL (where MBFL is the relevant 
Issuer) are not and none of Mediobanca and its consolidated subsidiaries (where Mediobanca is the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor) is or has been involved in any governmental, legal, arbitration or administrative proceedings in 
the 12 months preceding the date of this document relating to claims or amounts which may have, or have had in 
the recent past, a significant effect on the Mediobanca Group's financial position or profitability and, so far as 
Mediobanca or, as the case may be, Mediobanca International or MBFL are aware, no such litigation, arbitration 
or administrative proceedings are pending or threatened. 
(5) 
Material Contracts

--- Page 1115 ---
1115 
 
Neither Mediobanca nor Mediobanca International nor MBFL nor any of Mediobanca's subsidiaries has entered 
into any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may reasonably 
be expected to be material to such Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders. 
(6) 
No material adverse and no significant change 
Since 30 June 2022 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent audited annual 
financial statements of Mediobanca have been prepared) there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of Mediobanca or its subsidiaries. 
Since 30 June 2022 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent audited annual 
financial statements of Mediobanca have been prepared) there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of Mediobanca International. 
Since 30 June 2022 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent audited annual 
financial statements of MBFL have been prepared) there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
MBFL. 
There have been no significant changes to the financial or trading position or to the financial performance of 
Mediobanca or the other companies forming part of the Group since the most recent un-audited financial 
information available was disclosed in the unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements as at 31 
December 2022. 
There have been no significant changes to the financial or trading position or to the financial performance of 
Mediobanca International since the most recent unaudited financial information available was disclosed in the 
non-consolidated half-year financial statements as at 31 December 2022. 
There have been no significant changes to the financial or trading position or to the financial performance of 
MBFL since the most recent unaudited financial information available was disclosed in the non-consolidated half-
year financial statements as at 31 December 2022. 
(7) 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the following documents will 
be available in electronic form (unless the investor requests physical copies), and in the case of paragraphs (vii), 
(viii), (ix), (x), (xi), (xii) and (xiii) below, may be obtained free of charge during usual business hours on any 
weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the office of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying 
Agent:  
(i) 
the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement; a copy of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement will be 
electronically available for viewing on the website: https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-
issued/documents/framework-documentation.html;

--- Page 1116 ---
1116 
 
(ii) 
the Deeds of Covenant; a copy of the Deeds of Covenant will be electronically available for viewing on 
the 
website: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-issued/documents/framework-
documentation.html 
(iii) 
the Mediobanca International Deed of Guarantee; a copy of the Mediobanca International Deed of 
Guarantee 
will 
be 
electronically 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
Issuers’ 
websites: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-issued/documents/framework-documentation.html 
(in 
respect 
of 
Mediobanca 
– 
Banca 
di 
Credito 
Finanziario 
S.p.A.) 
and 
https://www.mediobancaint.lu/en/investor-documentation.html (in respect of Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.); 
(iv) 
the Custody Agreement, the MBFL Deed of Guarantee, the Account Bank Agreement, the Programme 
Trust Deed; a copy of the Custody Agreement, the Account Bank Agreement and the Programme Trust 
Deed, 
will 
be 
electronically 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
Mediobanca 
websites: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-issued/documents/framework-documentation.html; 
(v) 
the Programme Manual (being a manual signed for the purposes of identification by the Issuers and the 
Fiscal Agent, containing suggested forms and operating procedures for the Programme, including the 
forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); a copy of the Programme Manual will be electronically 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-
issued/documents/framework-documentation.html;] 
(vi) 
the By-laws (Statuto) of Mediobanca and articles of incorporation of Mediobanca International and 
MBFL; copy of the By-laws (Statuto) of Mediobanca and articles of incorporation of Mediobanca 
International and MBFL will be electronically available for viewing on the Issuers’ websites: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/governance-reports-and-
documents/documents.html (in respect of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.), 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-issued/documents/framework-documentation.html 
(in 
respect of MBFL) and https://www.mediobancaint.lu/en/index.html (in respect of Mediobanca 
International (Luxembourg) S.A.); 
(vii) 
the published annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years ended 30 
June 2022 and 2021; 
(viii) 
the consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the years ended 30 June 2022 
and 2021; 
(ix) 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial report for the six months ended 31 December 2022 of 
Mediobanca; 
(x) 
the unaudited non-consolidated interim financial report for the six months ended 31 December 2022 of 
Mediobanca International;

--- Page 1117 ---
1117 
 
(xi) 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of MBFL as at and for the years ended 30 June 
2022 and 2021; 
(xii) 
Final Terms for Notes which are listed on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange or market; 
(xiii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus; 
(xiv) 
the “Mediobanca Green and Sustainable Bond Framework”; and 
(xv) 
the Second-party Opinion. 
A copy of this Base Prospectus will also be electronically available for viewing on Euronext Dublin's website 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
In compliance with Article 21(3) of the Prospectus Regulation, a copy of this Base Prospectus along with the 
documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and any applicable supplement and final terms will 
be electronically available for viewing on Euronext Dublin website (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). For 
the avoidance of doubt, the “Mediobanca Green and Sustainable Bond Framework” and/or the Second-party 
Opinion are not incorporated in and/or does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Physical copies of the latest annual consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca and annual financial 
statements of Mediobanca International, may be obtained upon request at the specified office of the Paying Agent 
during normal business hours, so long as any of the Notes are outstanding. 
The Issuers do not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any assets underlying issues of 
Notes constituting derivative securities, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
(8) 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes 
are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. CREST Dematerialised Notes will be issued and held in uncertificated form in 
accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, including any modification or re-enactment 
thereof from time to time. Title to CREST Dematerialised Notes is recorded on the relevant operator register of 
eligible debt securities. The Operator is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L1855 Luxembourg. The 
address of Euronext Securities Milan is Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
(9) 
The Legal Entity Identifier

--- Page 1118 ---
1118 
 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Mediobanca is: PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Mediobanca International is: 549300DV870NBWY5W279. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of MBFL is: 635400R5IHFIXBKVMS16. 
The websites of the Issuers are, respectively: www.mediobanca.it (in respect of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A.) and www.mediobancaint.lu (in respect of Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A.). For 
the avoidance of doubts, unless specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on any website indicated herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
(10) 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, Mediobanca and their affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and 
their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of Mediobanca or Mediobanca’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with Mediobanca routinely hedge their credit exposure to Mediobanca consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph the term "affiliates" includes also parent 
companies. 
(11) 
Use of Base Prospectus 
With respect to Article 5 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation the Issuers consent, to the extent and under the 
conditions, if any, indicated in the Final Terms, to the use of the Base Prospectus as long as the Base Prospectus 
is valid in accordance with Article 12 of the Prospectus Regulation and accept responsibility for the content of the 
Base Prospectus also with respect to subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes by any Dealer and/or 
financial intermediary which was given consent to use the prospectus. 
Such consent may be given to all (general consent) or only one or more (individual consent) specified Dealers 
and/or financial intermediaries and/or for a limited or indefinite period, as stated in the Final Terms, and for Italy, 
Ireland, Luxembourg and/or France (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) as member states in which the Base 
Prospectus has been passported and which will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 1119 ---
1119 
 
Such consent by the Issuers is subject to each Dealer and/or financial intermediary complying with the terms and 
conditions described in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as any applicable selling 
restrictions. The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, if any, and the 
relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law. 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary, if any, and/or each person into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms come are required to 
inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The Issuers reserve the right to withdraw its consent 
to the use of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain Dealers and/or each financial intermediary. 
In case of an offer being made by a Dealer or a financial intermediary, such Dealer or financial 
intermediary will provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the 
offer is made. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the Base Prospectus is given to all Dealers or financial 
intermediaries (general consent), any Dealer or financial intermediary using the Base Prospectus is 
required to state on its website that it uses the Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent and the 
conditions attached thereto. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the prospectus is given to one or more specified Dealers or 
financial intermediaries (individual consent), any new information with respect to Dealers or financial 
intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms 
will be published on the website www.mediobanca.com.

--- Page 1120 ---
1120 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
ISSUER 
ISSUER 
MB Funding Lux S.A. 
6, Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Gran Duchy of Luxembourg  
Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
4, Boulevard Joseph II 
L-1840 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
ARRANGER 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
DEALERS 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR 
As to Italian 
 
Dentons Europe Studio Legale Tributario 
Piazza degli Affari, 1 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
As to English law 
 
Dentons Ireland LLP 
20 Kildare Street  
Dublin 2 
Ireland  
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. AND MB 
FUNDING LUX S.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative 
2, rue Gerhard Mercator, B.P. 1443, 
L-2182 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme 
35E, Avenue John F. Kennedy  
 L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.p.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Via Monte Rosa, 91 
20149 Milan 
Italy 
 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Meravigli 12 
20123 Milan 
Italy

--- Page 1121 ---
1121 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
SECURITY TRUSTEE 
BNP Paribas Trust Corporation UK Limited 
10 Harewood Avenue,  
NW16AA London  
United Kingdom 
 
LISTING AGENT 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland