--- Page 1 ---
Page 1 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THIS OFFER IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS MEETING THE 
QUALIFICATIONS DESCRIBED IN THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS 
(the “Base Prospectus”) 
 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base Prospectus 
following this page, and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before reading, accessing or 
making any other use of the Base Prospectus.  In accessing the Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound 
by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time you receive any 
information from us as a result of such access. 
 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION 
OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE SECURITIES OF THE ISSUER IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO 
DO SO. THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE U.S., AND 
THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE U.S. EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, 
OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. THE OFFERED NOTES ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S) ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE “ACCREDITED INVESTORS” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A) OF 
REGULATION D).  THE ISSUER HAS NOT REGISTERED AND WILL NOT REGISTER UNDER INVESTMENT 
COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT"), AND APPLICABLE 
REGULATIONS THEREUNDER.  ACCORDINGLY, THE INVESTORS IN THE NOTES WILL NOT BE ENTITLED TO 
THE PROTECTIONS AFFORDED BY THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT.  PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF THE 
OFFERED NOTES ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE OFFERED NOTES ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN 
RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER. 
 
THE ISSUER INTENDS THAT THE SAFE HARBOR UNDER U.S. RISK RETENTION REQUIREMENTS FOR FOREIGN 
OFFERINGS WILL BE AVAILABLE BECAUSE NO MORE THAN 10% OF THE DOLLAR VALUE (OR EQUIVALENT 
AMOUNT IN THE CURRENCY IN WHICH THE ASSET-BACKED INTERESTS ARE ISSUED, AS APPLICABLE) OF 
ALL ASSET-BACKED INTERESTS WILL INITIALLY BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED TO U.S. PERSONS OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF U.S. PERSONS. 
 
THE OFFERED NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED, DISAPPROVED OR RECOMMENDED BY THE U.S. 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE “SEC”) OR ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE OR OTHER

--- Page 2 ---
Page 2 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES COMMISSION LOCATED IN THE U.S., NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING PASSED 
UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS OR OTHER OFFERING DOCUMENTS. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE UNDER U.S. LAW. 
 
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS, THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR 
DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. 
ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS 
UNAUTHORIZED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (the “UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic UK law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by

--- Page 3 ---
Page 3 
the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance / target market – In respect of each Series of Notes, the applicable Final Terms 
will include a legend titled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the relevant Notes and which channels for distribution of the relevant Notes are appropriate.  
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each Series of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Placement Agent is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes.  For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the 
MiFID II Product Governance rules. 
 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – In respect of each Series of Notes, the applicable Final 
Terms may include a legend titled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the relevant Notes and which channels for distribution of the relevant Notes are 
appropriate.  Any distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of such Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each Series of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Placement Agent is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes.  For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor 
or a manufacturer under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 4 ---
Page 4 
This Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you 
are located. By accessing the Base Prospectus, you shall be deemed to have confirmed and represented 
to us that (a) you have understood and agree to the terms set out herein, (b) you consent to delivery of the 
Base Prospectus by electronic transmission, (c) if you are a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under 
the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)), then you are an “accredited investor” (as defined in Rule 501(a) of 
Regulation D), and (d) if you are a person in the UK, then you are a professional client for the purposes of 
the rules of the UK Financial Conduct Authority relating to the promotion of non-mainstream pooled 
investments. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and 
consequently none of the Issuer (as defined below), any placing agent or Prodigy Finance Ltd ("Prodigy 
Finance") nor any person who controls such person nor any director, officer, employee nor agent of it or 
affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference 
between the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available 
to you on request from Prodigy Finance. 
 
Any investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit in Ireland and is not within the 
scope of the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland.  The Issuer is not 
regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland by virtue of the issue of the Notes.  Accordingly, noteholders will 
not have the protections that would be available if they invested instead in a bank deposit.

--- Page 5 ---
Page 5 
 
 
 
 
MBA COMMUNITY LOANS PLC 
(A public limited company with limited liability regulated under the Companies Act 2014 (as amended) of 
Ireland with number 486917) 
 
 
 
 
 
€1,000,000,000 SECURED LIMITED RECOURSE NOTE PROGRAMME 
1. Series of student loan-backed notes 
2. Aggregate programme size €1,000,000,000 
3. Notes are backed by a diversified pool of Student Loans disbursed to Borrowers 
attending selected universities

--- Page 6 ---
Page 6 
 
 
 
Pursuant to this €1,000,000,000 Secured Limited Recourse Note Programme (the “Programme”), MBA Community 
Loans plc (the “Issuer”) may periodically issue Notes (the “Notes”) in such currencies as may be agreed at the time of 
issuance. The aggregate notional amount of Notes outstanding under this Programme will not at any time exceed 
€1,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the 
“Central Bank”) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation and such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of 
the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.  Such approval relates only to the Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) 
and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) other 
than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  This Base Prospectus is 
valid for a period of twelve months from the date hereof.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Central Bank may, at the request of the Issuer, send to the competent authority of another EEA Member State (i) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation 
attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Base Prospectus has not been approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or any other 
U.S. State or local securities commission or agency located in the United States. Nor have any of the foregoing passed 
on the adequacy or accuracy of this Base Prospectus or other offering documents. Any representation to the contrary 
is a criminal offence in the United States of America (the “US”). 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 8, 2016 (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). In this case, a statement will be included in the relevant Final Terms (as defined below) as to whether or 
not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation. Certain “benchmarks” may not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by 
virtue of Article 2 of that regulation and transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation may apply 
to certain other “benchmarks”, such that at the date of the relevant Final Terms the administrator of the “benchmark” 
is not required to be included in the register of administrators. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the Notes 
issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market.  No assurance can be given that such an application 
to admit the Notes to the Official List and to trading on its regulated market will be successful.  The regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made subject to withholding tax (if any) applicable 
to the Notes, without the Issuer being obliged to pay further amounts as a consequence. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see Section 
2 “Risk Factors”. 
The Notes will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any other 
entity, including Prodigy Finance Ltd. 
The Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer. For a discussion of these restrictions see Section 15 
“Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions”. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 7 November 2022.

--- Page 7 ---
Page 7 
Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date hereof are issued subject to the provisions set out in this 
Base Prospectus (except for the issuance of further tranches of existing Series of Notes which may be subject to the 
terms and conditions of the Notes set out in previously published prospectuses (and which are incorporated by 
reference herein)). 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared for the purpose of providing information with regard to the Issuer and the 
Notes. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does 
not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The information provided in Section 7 “Legal Structure, Roles and Regulation” in relation to the Loan Originator, the 
Loan Servicer, the Back-Up Servicer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Corporate Services Provider and the Trustee (each as described and defined therein and collectively, the "Service 
Providers"), has been provided by those parties respectively and has been accurately reproduced. As far as the Issuer 
is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by those parties, no facts have been omitted from 
Section 7 “Legal Structure, Roles and Regulation” which would render the information therein inaccurate or misleading. 
Except as provided above, none of the Service Providers has separately verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by any of the Service Providers or any of their respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of 
the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus, any other financial statements or any further information 
supplied in connection with the Programme, the Notes or their distribution. The statements made in this paragraph 
are without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer under the Programme. Each set of Final Terms will contain a 
statement to this effect by and in relation to the Issuer. 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus together with the relevant Final Terms and any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
(a “Supplemental Prospectus”) in connection with the issue or sale of the relevant Series of Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer. Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus together with each Final Terms and any Supplemental Prospectus nor any sale made 
in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the 
affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus together with the relevant Final 
Terms and any Supplemental Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented by a Supplemental 
Prospectus or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus together with the relevant Final Terms and any Supplemental Prospectus 
has most recently been amended or supplemented by a Supplemental Prospectus or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus together with any relevant Final Terms or any Supplemental Prospectus and 
the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus, any Supplemental Prospectus or any relevant Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restriction and shall be deemed to represent to the Issuer that they have 
complied with such restrictions. 
This Base Prospectus together with the relevant Final Terms and any Supplemental Prospectus does not constitute, 
and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation to anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or 
solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such a solicitation. The distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offering of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted and, accordingly, persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe such 
restrictions and shall be deemed to represent to the Issuer that they have complied with such restrictions. Other than 
as expressly disclosed in this Base Prospectus, no action has been taken which would permit a public offering of the 
Notes or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material in any jurisdiction where 
action for this purpose would be required. 
Investors must be professional clients for the purpose of the rules of the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA 
Rules”). Even though the Notes are listed instruments offered under a Prospectus Regulation compliant prospectus, 
the Notes are considered to fall within the definition of non-mainstream pooled investments (“NMPI’s”) for the

--- Page 8 ---
Page 8 
purposes of the FCA Rules. Per se professional clients and elective professional clients that have qualified to do so will 
receive access to all promotional material and will have the opportunity to invest in the Notes. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the US Securities Act of 1993 (as amended) (the “Securities 
Act”), and may not be offered or sold within the US or to, or for the account or benefit of, “U.S. persons” (as defined in 
Regulation S) except for a transaction not involving a public offering of securities pursuant to Rule 506(b) or Rule 506(c) 
of Regulation D, as applicable, with sales to investors who are “accredited investors” (as defined in Rule 501(a) of 
Regulation D). The Issuer has not registered and will not register under the Investment Company Act, and accordingly, 
the investors in the Notes will not be entitled to the protections afforded by the Investment Company Act.  Any U.S. 
person (as defined in Regulation S) that wishes to purchase Notes will be required to execute the applicable Letter of 
Interest pursuant to which it will confirm that it is an "accredited investor" and it will make such additional 
representations and acknowledgements as required by the Issuer and the applicable provisions of the U.S. federal 
securities laws, including without limitation, Rule 506(b) or (c) of Regulation D, and any applicable U.S. state securities 
or “blue sky” laws. 
Notes of each Series will be issued in registered form and will initially be represented by a permanent global registered 
certificate (each a “Global Certificate”) or individual definitive certificates (“Individual Certificates”). Each of the Global 
Certificates will initially be registered in the name of a nominee of, and deposited with a common depositary for, 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). 
Beneficial interests in Global Certificates will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records 
maintained by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their participants. See Section 10 “Summary of Provisions 
relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
Purchasers of Notes should conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the Issuer, Prodigy 
Finance and the Notes as they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Notes, as 
the Notes described in this Base Prospectus together with the relevant Final Terms and any Supplemental Prospectus 
may not be suitable for all purchasers of Notes. Purchasers of Notes should have sufficient knowledge and experience 
in financial, taxation, accounting, capital treatment and business matters, and access to, and knowledge of, 
appropriate analytical resources, to evaluate the information contained in this Base Prospectus together with the 
relevant Final Terms and any Supplemental Prospectus and the merits and risks of investing in the Notes in the context 
of their financial and regulatory position and circumstances. Investors may be professional clients. For “U.S. persons” 
(as defined in Regulation S) purchasing Notes, the purchaser must be an “accredited investor” (as defined in Regulation 
D) at the time of the purchase. This Base Prospectus together with the relevant Final Terms and any Supplemental 
Prospectus does not describe all of the risks and investment considerations applicable to an investment in the Notes. 
The risks and investment considerations identified in this Base Prospectus together with the relevant Final Terms and 
any Supplemental Prospectus are provided as general information only and the Issuer disclaims any responsibility to 
advise purchasers of Notes of the risks and investment considerations associated with the purchase of the Notes as 
they may exist at the date hereof or as they may from time to time alter. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s 
currency; 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and

--- Page 9 ---
Page 9 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to a potential investor’s overall portfolio. A 
potential investor should not invest in the Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial 
advisor) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Investment by investors in the UK is limited to professional clients for the purposes of the rules of the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority relating to the promotion of non-mainstream pooled investments. For U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S, only “accredited investors” (as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D) are permitted to purchase or invest 
in the Notes. In addition, any investor in the Notes wishing to transfer or sell the Notes to a U.S. person (as defined in 
Regulation S) may only do so if the purchaser qualifies as an “accredited investor” (as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation 
D). The transfer of the Notes to a U.S. person (As defined in Regulation S) is also subject to other restrictions and 
limitations under the Securities Act and SEC regulations. 
 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, 
ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR 
HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OF THE 
NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY 
IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH THE SEC OR ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY U.S. STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES, AND THE NOTES MAY INCLUDE 
BEARER NOTES THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 506(b) OR RULE 506(c) OF REGULATION D, AS APPLICABLE, THE NOTES MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) OR OTHER INVESTORS IN THE UNITED STATES. THE ISSUER HAS NOT 
REGISTERED AND WILL NOT REGISTER UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT, AND ACCORDINGLY, THE INVESTORS 
IN THE NOTES WILL NOT BE ENTITLED TO THE PROTECTIONS AFFORDED BY THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT. THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN PREPARED BY THE ISSUER FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER AND SALE OF THE 
NOTES WITHIN THE UNITED STATES TO U.S. ACCREDITED INVESTORS ONLY PURSUANT TO THE PRIVATE OFFERING 
EXEMPTION SET FORTH IN RULE 506(b) OR RULE 506(c) OF REGULATION D, AS APPLICABLE, AND OUTSIDE THE UNITED 
STATES TO NON-US PERSONS IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S AND FOR THE ADMISSION OF THE NOTES ON THE 
OFFICIAL LIST AND TRADING ON THE REGULATED MARKET OF EURONEXT DUBLIN. FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THESE AND 
CERTAIN FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF THE NOTES AND DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS, SEE SECTION 15 “SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS”.

--- Page 10 ---
Page 10 
 
CONTENTS 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................. 11 
2. 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................................... 21 
3. 
INVESTOR RETURN ................................................................................................................................................. 39 
4. 
STUDENT LOAN PROGRAMME FOR INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS .................................................................... 48 
5. 
LOAN ORIGINATION AND SALE PROCESS ........................................................................................................... 50 
6. 
LOAN SERVICING PROCESS ................................................................................................................................... 55 
7. 
LEGAL STRUCTURE, ROLES AND REGULATION ................................................................................................... 59 
8. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................................... 68 
9. 
PROCEDURE FOR ISSUE ......................................................................................................................................... 97 
10. SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM.......................................... 98 
11. CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT .............................................................................................................................. 101 
12. FEES AND EXPENSES ............................................................................................................................................ 102 
13. USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................................ 105 
14. TAXATION .............................................................................................................................................................. 106 
15. SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ..................................................................................... 112 
16. FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................................ 118 
17. GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................................... 130

--- Page 11 ---
Page 11 
1. GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE 
PROGRAMME 
The following is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. The following overview does not 
purport to be complete and is qualified by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms 
and conditions of any particular Series (as defined below in "Terms and Conditions") of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Parties 
 
Issuer:  MBA Community Loans plc, a public limited company incorporated in Ireland and regulated under the 
Companies Act 2014 (as amended) with registration number 486917.  All of the 40,000 issued shares of the 
Issuer are owned by Apex Trust Nominees No. 1 Limited (the “Share Trustee”), which is a company incorporated 
in England and Wales. Under the terms of a declaration of trust made by the Share Trustee, the Share Trustee 
holds the benefit of the shares on trust for charity. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in the Issuer 
shares held by it, and derives no benefit other than its fees for acting as Share Trustee. 
 
The principal activity of the Issuer is to issue series (“Series”) of debt securities (“Notes”) as part of a 
€1,000,000,000 note programme for the purposes of acquiring a diversified pool of loans or interests in loans 
to students (“Student Loans”) attending courses at leading international universities (including loans to refinance 
such loans) and entering into related contracts. 
 
Loan Originator, Loan Servicer, Calculation Agent and Transfer Agent:  Prodigy Finance Ltd (“Prodigy Finance”) 
of Palladium House, 1-4 Argyll Street, W1F 7LD, London, United Kingdom, has been appointed by the Issuer as 
“Loan Originator” to originate Student Loans and "Loan Servicer” to service and manage Student Loans. Prodigy 
Finance has also been appointed as the “Calculation Agent” and “Transfer Agent” for the Notes. 
 
Principal Paying Agent and Registrar:  Société Générale Luxembourg (“SGBT”) of 11 avenue emile reuter, L-2420 
Luxembourg acts as “Principal Paying Agent” and “Registrar” in respect of Notes accepted to the respective book-
entry systems of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and represented by Global Certificates. 
 
Trustee:  Apex Corporate Trustees (UK) Limited, acting through its office at 6th Floor, 140 London Wall, London, 
EC2Y 5DN, United Kingdom acts as “Trustee” in respect of the Notes.  
 
Back-Up Servicer:  Equiniti Gateway Limited of Highdown House, Yeona Way, Working, West Sussex, BN99 3HH, 
United Kingdom acts as “Back-Up Servicer” in respect of the Student Loans. 
 
Placing Agents:  one or more financial institutions appointed by the Issuer as “Placing Agent” in respect of Notes 
issued under the Programme which may include Prodigy Services Limited of Palladium House, 1-4 Argyll Street, 
W1F 7LD, London, United Kingdom.

--- Page 12 ---
Page 12 
Each of Prodigy Services Limited and Prodigy Finance is a subsidiary of Prodigy Investments Limited, a company 
incorporated in England (registered number 09309287) with registered office at Palladium House, 1-4 Argyll 
Street, London W1F, 71D, United Kingdom. 
 
Corporate Services Provider:  Apex IFS Limited of 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 
1, Ireland is the “Corporate Services Provider” of the Issuer. 
 
Account Bank:  For each Series, the Issuer will open an account with HSBC UK Bank Plc (City of London 
Commercial Centre, 28 Borough High Street, London SE1 1YB), or such other bank as may be agreed by the 
Issuer, Prodigy Finance and the Trustee from time to time, which will act as “Account Bank" for the Issuer. 
 
Notes are backed by Student Loans 
 
The proceeds of each Series of Notes will be used to acquire Student Loans during a specific period in advance 
of the first interest payment date of such Series (“Acquisition Period”) for such Series of Notes. Each Series will 
be secured on and serviced by the cash flows generated by the Student Loans so acquired, as the same may be 
exchanged, as described further below (the Student Loans being held by the Issuer from time to time as security 
for a Series of Notes being the “Relevant Student Loans” with respect to such Series).  
 
The Issuer will acquire Student Loans for a purchase price equal to the outstanding principal amount plus any 
accrued interest, subject, in the case of any Series to which “Impaired Student Loans” is stated to apply in the 
applicable Final Terms, to a discount applied by the Loan Originator to any Student Loans that have a 
delinquency, arrears or default status under the Loan Servicer’s Loan Management Policy (as defined in Section 
6 “Loan Servicing Process”) (“Impaired Student Loans”). 
 
The Loan Originator is appointed to originate Student Loans to borrowers (the “Borrowers”) that meet eligibility 
requirements (the “Eligibility Criteria”) as follows: 
 
• 
Borrower must be accepted into an “Eligible Course” at an “Eligible Institution”. 
• 
Borrower must meet the Loan Originator's affordability criteria. 
• 
Loan Originator must be satisfied with the results of a credit bureau or background check on each 
Borrower. 
• 
Borrower must be a resident of an "Eligible Country", which shall be described in the Loan Originations 
Policy (as defined in Section 5 “Loan Origination and Sale Process”). 
• 
Loan Originator must receive valid proof of identity and residence for each Borrower. 
• 
Student Loan must be denominated in the same currency as the relevant Series of Notes. 
• 
For a Student Loan that refinances an existing third party loan borrowed by the Borrower, the Borrower 
must use or have used the loan to be refinanced for the purposes of tuition fees and/or living expenses 
associated with the Borrower’s enrolment as a student in an Eligible Course at an Eligible Institution and 
the Student Loan must be used to repay the loan borrowed for that purpose. 
 
If “In Specie Subscription” is applicable to the Series, the proceeds of the relevant Series of Notes may be used 
by the Issuer to acquire Student Loans made to Borrowers who attend (or attended) the Eligible Institution(s) 
for that Series notwithstanding that such Student Loans may be Impaired Student Loans and/or may not meet 
all Eligibility Criteria and/or the criteria specified in the section of the applicable Final Terms entitled “Provisions 
relating to Student Loans”.

--- Page 13 ---
Page 13 
 
Save as aforesaid, the Relevant Student Loans for a Series of Notes and any Student Loans exchanged therefor 
(as described below) must comply with the “Provisions relating to Student Loans” that are applicable to the 
Series, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, including any geographic, institutional, impairment and gender 
concentration requirements.  
 
The Relevant Student Loans are documented by English law governed loan agreements developed by the Loan 
Originator with the assistance of a leading global law firm.  The Loan Originator enters into a loan agreement as 
lender with each Borrower (the “Loan Agreements”). 
 
Collateralisation 
 
Each Series of Notes will be secured by first ranking security interest over: 
 
i. 
the Relevant Student Loans;  
ii. 
the Series Account established for the Series;  
iii. 
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the transaction documents relating to the Programme to the 
extent relating to the Series; and 
iv. 
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the Repayment Account Declaration of Trust (as defined 
below in Section 6 “Loan Servicing Process”) to the extent relating to amounts that represent payments 
made by Borrowers in respect of the Relevant Student Loans. 
 
If applicable to a Series only, the Issuer’s interest in any Borrower life insurance cover and/or any financial 
guarantee will also be included in the security for such Series. 
 
The security for each Series will be constituted by the Trust Deed for that Series (which is comprised of the 
Principal Trust Deed as supplemented by the Supplemental Trust Deed for that Series). 
 
The Loan Originator may recommend to the Issuer that some or all of the Relevant Student Loans securing a 
Series should be exchanged for other Student Loans that satisfy the Eligibility Criteria (if applicable) and the 
“Provisions relating to Student Loans” applicable to the Series as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Upon 
receipt of such a recommendation, the Issuer may direct the Trustee to execute any document required to 
release the Relevant Student Loan(s) being replaced from the security interests created by the Trust Deed for 
that Series and take a first ranking security interest over those replacement Student Loan(s) and the Trustee 
shall be obliged to do so provided the Loan Originator has confirmed to the Issuer in writing (with a copy to the 
Trustee) that on the exchange date (a) each replacement Student Loan satisfies the relevant requirements 
applicable to Relevant Student Loans acquired by the Issuer, (b) in relation to the replacement of any Impaired 
Student Loan(s), the aggregate market value of the replacement Student Loan(s) is no less than the market value 
of the Impaired Student Loan(s) being replaced; and (c) in relation to the replacement of any Relevant Student 
Loan(s) that are not Impaired Student Loans, the replacement Student Loan(s) is/are not Impaired Student Loans 
and the principal amount plus the aggregate accrued and expected interest amount due under the replacement 
Student Loan(s) is equal to or greater than the aggregate outstanding principal amount plus the aggregate 
accrued and expected interest amount due under the Relevant Student Loan(s) that is/are being replaced.  
For each Series of Notes, the Loan Originator is entitled to receive an origination fee, and the relevant Placing 
Agent is entitled to receive a placing agency fee, which may result in the aggregate amount available to the

--- Page 14 ---
Page 14 
Issuer to purchase Relevant Student Loans from the proceeds of issue of such Series of Notes being less than 
the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the relevant Series of Notes immediately after the Issue Date. 
In addition, where a particular Relevant Student Loan is impaired, that position is recognised in the profit and 
loss account of the Issuer as the difference between the carrying amount of the Relevant Student Loan and 
expected recoverability with respect to it. Specific provisions are included for Relevant Student Loans more than 
180 days in arrears, while a non-specific provision (based on an incurred but not reported model) is made for 
Relevant Student Loans in arrears for up to 180 days. While this provisioning may result in a loan to value ratio 
of less than 100% for a Series affected by impaired Relevant Student Loans, the aggregate interest payable to 
the Issuer on Relevant Student Loans will exceed the aggregate interest payable on Notes of the relevant Series, 
providing for the possibility that the accumulated interest margin on performing Relevant Student Loans will be 
sufficient to offset losses on the defaulted Relevant Student Loans.   
 
Borrowers studying on a full time basis are provided with a grace period (the “Grace Period”) before Relevant 
Student Loan repayment obligations commence. The Loan Servicer may consent to the extension of a Grace 
Period by up to 12 months in the event the relevant Borrower wishes to defer or extend their period of study. 
Typically Grace Periods end six months after course completion for students studying on a full-time basis (such 
six month period is afforded to Borrowers in order for them to find employment). 
 
No minimum level of collateralisation is required pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
 
In addition to the power of the Loan Originator to recommend exchanges of Relevant Student Loans as 
described above, the Loan Originator may, at any time prior to the Maturity Date of a Series of Notes, 
recommend to the Issuer that the Relevant Student Loans should be sold, including if the sale is considered 
likely to result in payment of a higher redemption amount in respect of Notes of that Series than would result 
from the Issuer holding the Relevant Student Loans to maturity and enforcing on defaulting Relevant Student 
Loans. 
 
Flow of Funds 
 
The issue proceeds of each Series of Notes will initially be lodged into a bank account established for that Series 
with the Account Bank (“Series Account”). 
 
During the Acquisition Period for a Series, funds credited to the relevant Series Account will be used by the 
Issuer to pay Permitted Expenses and acquire Student Loans, which, subject to exchange as described above, 
shall comprise the Relevant Student Loans for such Series. 
 
The disbursement of Student Loans is carried out by the Loan Originator when the Student Loan is acquired by 
the Issuer and collection of Student Loan repayments from the Borrowers is managed on behalf of the Issuer 
by the Loan Servicer. 
 
Borrowers are directed to make repayments on their Student Loans to a collections account held by Prodigy 
Repayments Limited, a special purpose entity, with HSBC UK Bank plc (or any replacement collection account 
bank), which account is the subject of a trust arrangement under which the Issuer has a beneficial interest in 
funds credited thereto by Borrowers in respect of Relevant Student Loans pending transfer of such funds to the 
relevant Series Account. Borrowers may also be permitted to make repayments on Relevant Student Loans

--- Page 15 ---
Page 15 
through a payment service provider, which shall be directed to transfer such repayments to the relevant Series 
Account or to Prodigy Repayments Limited above pending transfer to the relevant Series Account. 
 
Repayments of principal and payments of interest and any other amounts on Relevant Student Loans will be 
credited directly or indirectly to the relevant Series Account as described above and will be applied in accordance 
with the applicable Priorities of Payments (described below). 
 
Financial Guarantee  
 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Series of Notes may benefit from a financial guarantee in respect 
of the Borrowers’ obligations under Relevant Student Loans given by an Eligible Institution for that Series or a 
related entity of such an Eligible Institution. Details of any such financial guarantee and of the guarantor will be 
set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Notes 
 
The Notes of each Series will constitute secured obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu and without any 
preference amongst themselves. 
 
The Notes are issued in Series and each Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or 
different Issue Dates. 
 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be identical except for the Issue Date, Issue Price, Acquisition Period, first 
payment of interest, accrued interest and notional amount of the Tranche.    
 
The Notes will be issued in registered form and will be represented by certificates, one certificate being issued 
in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Notes of one Series.  Certificates representing Notes that are 
registered in the name of a nominee of a depositary for one or more clearing systems are referred to as “Global 
Certificates”. 
 
The Notes may be denominated in any currency as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The offering of the Notes will be subject to offer restrictions in the U.S., the UK and the EEA and to any applicable 
offer restrictions in any other jurisdiction in which offered. 
 
With respect to the U.S., the Notes will be sold outside the U.S. to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
Notes will be sold in the U.S. to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) who qualify as “accredited investors” 
under Rule 506(b) or Rule 506(c) of Regulation D, as applicable. 
 
Each non-U.S. person purchasing the Notes from the Issuer agrees that if it offers or sells the Notes prior to the 
expiration of 40 days after the closing date of the offering of the Notes, it will not make such an offer or sale to 
a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or for the account or benefit of any such U.S. person; and that any 
subsequent offer or sale to a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) may only be made to an “accredited 
investor” (as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D).

--- Page 16 ---
Page 16 
Each U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) purchasing the Notes from the Issuer agrees that if in future it 
decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes purchased by it, any offer, resale or transfer will 
be made in compliance with the Securities Act and any regulation promulgated thereunder by the SEC and any 
applicable U.S. state securities laws, and with respect to any prospective purchaser within the U.S. or who is a 
U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S), such prospective purchaser shall be an “accredited investor” (as defined 
in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D). 
 
Interests in Notes traded in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing system will be 
transferred in accordance with the procedures and regulations of the relevant clearing system.   
 
Priorities of Payments 
 
Prior to the enforcement of the security constituted by the Trust Deed in respect of a Series, payments in respect 
of that Series shall be made by the Issuer on each Payment Date (or Additional Payment Date (as defined in the 
Conditions), if applicable) from funds standing to the credit of the relevant Series Account in accordance with 
the following order of priority (the “Pre-Enforcement Priorities of Payments”):  
 
i. 
first, in payment or satisfaction of that Series’ pro rata portion of all amounts then due and unpaid under 
Clause 13 of the Principal Trust Deed to the Trustee and/or any permitted appointee of the Trustee; 
 
ii. 
second, in or towards the payment of that Series’ profit amount of €100 to the Issuer, which shall be 
retained by the Issuer and shall be available for distribution to its shareholders subject to applicable 
law; 
 
iii. 
third, in or towards payment of that Series’ pro rata portion of any amounts owed by the Issuer to the 
Irish tax authorities and required to be paid by the Issuer; 
 
iv. 
fourth, in or towards payment or discharge of that Series’ pro rata portion of all amounts which are due 
to the Loan Servicer pursuant to the LSA (including amounts due to the Loan Servicer to reimburse it 
for Permitted Expenses it has paid on behalf of the Issuer and in respect of which it has issued a written 
request to the Issuer for reimbursement); 
 
v. 
fifth, where the balance then remaining available for distribution is less than the Threshold Amount, in 
retention of that balance as a payment reserve to be applied in accordance with the applicable Priorities 
of Payments on the next Payment Date (or Additional Payment Date, if applicable) after that Payment 
Date (or Additional Payment Date, if applicable); 
 
vi. 
sixth, pro rata and pari passu to the Noteholders in or towards the payment or discharge of all amounts 
of interest then due and payable under or in respect of Notes of that Series in an amount up to the 
Accrued Interest Balance (as defined in the Conditions);  
 
vii. 
seventh, pro rata and pari passu to the Noteholders in or towards the repayment or discharge of all 
amounts of principal and any other amounts then due and payable under or in respect of the Notes of 
that Series;

--- Page 17 ---
Page 17 
viii. 
eighth, pro rata and pari passu in or towards (a) reimbursement of the Loan Servicer for that Series’ pro 
rata portion of Permitted Expenses paid by the Loan Servicer on behalf of the Issuer and for which the 
Loan Servicer has not been reimbursed under paragraph (iii) above and (b) payment or discharge of 
that Series’ pro rata portion of Permitted Expenses incurred by the Issuer and not paid by the Loan 
Servicer on behalf of the Issuer; and 
 
ix. 
ninth, following the release of the security over the relevant Series Account, the Issuer shall authorise 
the Loan Servicer to apply the balance (if any) on the Series Account (a) firstly, in reimbursement of the 
Loan Servicer for any Permitted Expenses paid by the Loan Servicer on behalf of the Issuer and for which 
the Loan Servicer has not been reimbursed from funds credited to other Series Accounts applied in 
accordance with the Priorities of Payments applicable to the disbursement of such funds in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of such other Series as a consequence of a lack of available funds and (b) 
secondly, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards payment or discharge of unpaid Permitted Expenses 
not discharged from funds credited to other Series Accounts applied in accordance with the Priorities 
of Payments applicable to the disbursement of such funds in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of such other Series as a consequence of a lack of available funds, and (c) thereafter, any surplus shall 
be retained by the Issuer, 
 
PROVIDED THAT on any date on which a distribution is to be made where the proceeds available for distribution 
are sufficient to pay in full all amounts then owing under paragraphs (i) to (iv) above and the balance remaining 
for distribution exceeds the Threshold Amount, the Issuer shall apply such balance in accordance with 
paragraphs (vi) to (ix) above and shall disregard paragraph (v). 
 
The Issuer may on any date pay to the Loan Servicer from the Series Account any amount due to the Loan 
Servicer in respect of the Servicing Fee.  Similarly, the Issuer may on any date pay to the Trustee from the Series 
Account any amount due to the Trustee in respect of the relevant Series. 
 
Subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Trustee shall retain all moneys received by it under the Trust 
Deed in connection with the realisation or enforcement of the security constituted thereby on trust to apply 
them in the following order of priority (the “Post-Enforcement Priorities of Payments” and together with the Pre-
Enforcement Priorities of Payments, the “Priorities of Payments”): 
 
i. 
first, in payment or satisfaction of that Series’ pro rata portion of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and 
liabilities incurred by or payable to the Trustee or any receiver in preparing and executing the trusts 
under the Trust Deed (including the costs of realising any Security and the Trustee's or receiver's 
remuneration); 
 
ii. 
second, in or towards the payment of that Series’ profit amount of €100 to the Issuer, which shall be 
retained by the Issuer and available for distribution to its shareholders subject to applicable law; 
 
iii. 
third, in or towards payment of that Series’ pro rata portion of any amounts owed by the Issuer to the 
Irish tax authorities and required to be paid by the Issuer; 
 
iv. 
fourth, in or towards payment or discharge of that Series’ pro rata portion of all amounts which are due 
to the Loan Servicer pursuant to the LSA (including amounts due to the Loan Servicer to reimburse it

--- Page 18 ---
Page 18 
for Permitted Expenses it has paid on behalf of the Issuer and in respect of which it has issued a written 
request to the Issuer to be reimbursed); 
 
v. 
fifth, pro rata and pari passu in or towards (a) reimbursement of the Loan Servicer for that Series’ pro 
rata portion of Permitted Expenses paid by the Loan Servicer on behalf of the Issuer and for which the 
Loan Servicer has not been reimbursed under item (iii) above and (b) payment or discharge of that 
Series’ pro rata portion of Permitted Expenses not paid by the Loan Servicer on behalf of the Issuer; 
 
vi. 
sixth, pro rata and pari passu to the Noteholders in or towards the payment or discharge of all amounts 
of interest then due and payable under or in respect of the Notes of that Series in an amount up to the 
Accrued Interest Balance; 
 
vii. 
seventh, pro rata and pari passu to the Noteholders in or towards the repayment or discharge of all 
amounts of principal and any other amounts then due and payable under or in respect of the Notes of 
that Series; and 
 
viii. 
eighth, thereafter, the balance (if any) standing to the credit of the Series Account shall be applied (a) 
firstly, in reimbursement of the Loan Servicer for any Permitted Expenses paid by the Loan Servicer on 
behalf of the Issuer and for which the Loan Servicer has not been reimbursed from funds credited to 
other Series Accounts applied in accordance with the Priorities of Payments applicable to the 
disbursement of such funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of such other Series as a 
consequence of a lack of available funds and (b) secondly, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards 
payment or discharge of unpaid Permitted Expenses not discharged from funds credited to other Series 
Accounts applied in accordance with the Priorities of Payments applicable to the disbursement of such 
funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of such other Series as a consequence of a lack of 
available funds, and (c) thereafter, any surplus shall be retained by the Issuer. 
 
“Permitted Expenses” include amounts payable to the service providers appointed by the Issuer (including, but 
not limited to, the Calculation Agent, the Corporate Services Provider, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Transfer Agent, the Placing Agents, the Loan Originator, the Loan Servicer and the Back-Up Servicer), 
auditors’ fees and expenses, legal fees and expenses including fees incurred in pursuing a defaulting borrower 
and enforcement costs, broker fees incurred in connection with the placement of Notes, directors’ fees and 
expenses, any Irish statutory or regulatory fee, reserve, tax, charge or expense and all costs and expenses 
associated with the administration, dissolution and/or liquidation of the Issuer. 
 
The Notes of each Series are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer. All payments to be made by the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes of a particular Series will be made only to the extent of the sums received in respect of 
the Relevant Student Loans for such Series or otherwise in respect of the assets on which such Series is secured 
or from the proceeds of realisation or enforcement of the security for the Series, subject in all cases to the 
applicable Priorities of Payments. 
 
Interest Payments 
 
Each Series of Notes will seek to provide a return to Noteholders calculated at a fixed margin above a variable 
(the “Target Interest Rate”), such Base Rate being whichever of EURIBOR, Term SONIA, Term SOFR, Wall Street 
Journal Prime Rate or Bank of England Base Rate is applicable to the Series, as specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 19 ---
Page 19 
Terms, provided that if and for so long as the relevant Base Rate is negative, it shall be deemed to be zero for 
the purposes of determining the interest rate applicable to the Notes. 
 
Interest will begin to accrue from the “Interest Commencement Date”.  The calculation dates for interest and the 
applicable Target Interest Rate or its method of calculation may differ in respect of Notes of different Series.   
 
For each Interest Period (as defined in the Conditions), the “Accrued Interest Balance” will be the “Current 
Interest Amount” plus any amounts of interest accrued but not yet paid in previous Interest Periods.   
 
The Current Interest Amount is calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the Target Interest Rate to the 
Notional Principal Amount for the Interest Period on the Calculation Date.  For any Calculation Date, the Notional 
Amount of a Note shall be the outstanding principal amount of such Note plus any interest amounts not yet 
paid from previous Interest Periods.  
 
The Interest Periods shall be the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Calculation Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) a 
Calculation Date and ending on (but excluding) the following Calculation Date.   
 
There is no assurance that on any Payment Date there will be sufficient available funds in the relevant Series 
Account to pay the Accrued Interest Balance on the Notes and interest shall (in any event) only be paid where 
funds available to pay interest and principal exceed the Threshold Amount (being €500 for Euro denominated 
Series, £500 for Sterling denominated Series and US$500 for US dollar denominated Series).  If there are 
insufficient available funds in the relevant Series Account to pay the Accrued Interest Balance, interest will 
continue to accrue at the Target Interest Rate and payment will be deferred until the following Payment Date, 
and that deferral will not constitute an Event of Default. 
 
Principal Payments  
 
On each Payment Date on which funds available in the relevant Series Account to pay interest and principal 
exceed the Threshold Amount, once the Accrued Interest Balance has been paid in full, any remaining available 
funds will be paid out to Noteholders to partially (or fully) redeem the principal balance of the Notes in 
accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. 
 
Failure to pay principal on a Payment Date due to lack of available funds in the Series Account will not constitute 
an Event of Default but will result in deferral until the next Payment Date.  
 
Redemption on Maturity 
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be redeemed on 
its Maturity Date. If insufficient funds are available to the Issuer in the relevant Series Account to redeem the 
Notes in full on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date will be automatically postponed to the then next falling 
anniversary of that date and such postponement to the next falling anniversary will be repeated annually unless, 
in advance of any such anniversary, the Notes have been redeemed in full and cancelled. Interest shall not 
accrue during the aforementioned period of postponement (the “Post-Maturity Repayment Period”).

--- Page 20 ---
Page 20 
During the Post-Maturity Repayment Period, if applicable to a Series, the Issuer may request the Loan Servicer, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to value (or arrange the valuation of) the Relevant Student Loans 
that remain outstanding (the aggregate amount at which such loans are valued being the “Post-Maturity 
Valuation Amount”). The Issuer may, within 30 calendar days’ of any such valuation and provided it has the 
requisite available funds to do so, on giving no less than 10 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders and the 
Trustee, distribute an amount equal to the Post-Maturity Valuation Amount together with any other funds then 
standing to the credit of the Series Account in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments, which 
payment shall be in full and final discharge of all amounts of interest and principal then due and payable under 
or in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series. If such a distribution is made by the Issuer, the rights of the 
Noteholders to receive any further amounts in respect of the Notes shall be extinguished and the Notes shall 
thereupon be redeemed in full and cancelled. 
 
In the event the Loan Servicer confirms to the Issuer and the Trustee that there is no realistic prospect of 
collecting further funds from Borrowers of Relevant Student Loans in accordance with its Loan Management 
Policy, the Issuer shall so notify the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions. Following distribution of any 
funds then standing to the credit of the Series Account in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments, 
all Notes of the relevant Series shall thereupon be redeemed and cancelled and the rights of the Noteholders 
to receive any further amounts in respect of the Notes shall be extinguished. 
 
Although a Maturity Date is specified for each Series, as principal payments may be made on each Payment 
Date subject to the disbursement of funds standing to the credit of the relevant Series Account in accordance 
with the applicable Priorities of Payments, Notes may be fully repaid prior to their stated Maturity Date without 
notice to investors.

--- Page 21 ---
Page 21 
2. RISK FACTORS 
 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may be unable to make all payments due in 
respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer 
becoming unable to make all payments due.  The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the 
principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may 
not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may 
not currently be able to anticipate. 
The purchase of Notes involves substantial risks and is suitable only for investors who have the knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks and the merits of 
an investment in the Notes. Before making an investment decision, prospective purchasers of Notes should 
ensure that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they 
consider carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances, financial condition and investment objectives, 
all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus as supplemented from time to time. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views , based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax 
advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
The following is a summary and is not intended to be an exhaustive description of all of the risks and investment 
considerations relevant to an investment in any Notes. Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, 
based on its own independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the 
circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes (i) is fully consistent with its (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a 
fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary’s) financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent 
with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Notes as principal 
or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or, if it is acquiring the Notes in a 
fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or 
holding the Notes. In particular, investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore consult 
its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes 
can be used as underlying securities for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. The following investment considerations, alone or collectively, may reduce the return on the Notes and 
could result in the loss of all or a portion of a Noteholder’s investment in the Notes. Each prospective purchaser 
of Notes is solely responsible for making its own independent appraisal of all such matters and such other 
matters as the prospective purchaser deems appropriate, in determining whether to purchase Notes and that 
an investment in the Notes is suitable for its investment purposes. 
CONTENTS 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
 
A. 
Risks arising from the nature of the Issuer 
1. 
Notes are solely liabilities of the Issuer 
2. 
Limited resources of the Issuer

--- Page 22 ---
Page 22 
3. 
No regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority 
4. 
Taxation 
5. 
U.S. federal income taxation of U.S. holders 
6. 
Foreign account tax compliance act ("FATCA") 
7. 
Security granted by the Issuer could be declared invalid 
8. 
Recharacterisation of security interests granted by the Issuer 
9. 
Claims of preferred creditors of the Issuer may rank ahead of Noteholders’ claims under Irish law 
10. 
An examiner could be appointed to the Issuer 
 
B. 
Risks arising from the Issuer’s reliance on third parties 
1. 
Insolvency risk 
2. 
Risk of insufficient Student Loan origination 
3. 
Reliance on Loan Servicer 
4. 
Certain conflicts of interest 
5. 
Regulation of the Loan Originator 
6. 
Risks relating to the Trustee’s costs, fees and expenses 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
 
A. 
Risks arising from the terms and conditions of the Notes 
1. 
Limited recourse nature of the Notes 
2. 
Possible early redemption 
3. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks 
4. 
Subscription, sale and transfer restrictions 
 
B. 
Risks relating to the assets backing the Notes 
1. 
Credit risk on Borrowers of Relevant Student Loans 
2. 
Student Loan default effect on Noteholder return 
3. 
Early repayment risk 
4. 
Death of Borrower 
5. 
Legal enforcement and collections 
6. 
Borrower rights against Loan Originator 
7. 
Employment/job market 
8. 
Other factors potentially impacting ability of a Borrower to repay 
9. 
The performance of Relevant Student Loans is subject to risks arising from macro-economic 
conditions globally

--- Page 23 ---
Page 23 
10. 
Concentration risk 
11. 
Illiquidity of Student Loans 
 
C. 
Other risks relating to the Notes 
1. 
Limited liquidity 
2. 
Exchange rate risk 
3. 
U.S. Regulatory Risks 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
A. 
Risks arising from the nature of the Issuer 
Notes are solely liabilities of the Issuer 
The Notes are secured obligations of the Issuer only and do not establish any liability or other obligation of any 
other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, including but not limited to the Loan Originator, the Loan 
Servicer, the Placing Agents, the Trustee, the Agents, any guarantor, the directors and the shareholders of the 
Issuer. None of the foregoing or any other person has assumed or will assume any obligation in the event the 
Issuer fails to make any payment due under any of the Notes. 
Limited resources of the Issuer 
The Issuer's ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes of a Series, its operating expenses and its 
administrative expenses is wholly dependent upon (i) payments of instalments by Borrowers of Relevant 
Student Loans, (ii) payments under any financial guarantee in respect of the Relevant Student Loans, (iii) any 
available cash reserves held in the Series Account for that Series, and (iv) the performance by all of the parties 
to the transaction documents relating to the Programme (other than the Issuer) of their respective obligations 
under such transaction documents. 
The Issuer’s sole business is the raising of money by issuing Notes or other obligations for the purposes of 
acquiring Student Loans and entering into related contracts. In the event of non-payment under the Relevant 
Student Loans, there is no assurance that the Issuer will have the ability to pay interest on the related Series of 
Notes or, on the redemption date of such Series of Notes (whether on the applicable Maturity Date, upon 
acceleration or upon mandatory early redemption in part or in whole as permitted under the Notes), that there 
will be sufficient funds to enable the Issuer to repay principal in respect of such Series of Notes in whole or in 
part. 
If the Borrowers’ payments of instalments do not generate sufficient funds for the Issuer to repay the Notes in 
full on the Maturity Date for a Series of Notes, then the Issuer will not be obliged to pay the shortfall between 
the amount expected to be paid on the Maturity Date and the amount that can be repaid from the Borrowers' 
instalments received, and any claims in respect of such shortfall will be extinguished, so that Noteholders may 
lose all or part of their investment. 
Also, the Loan Servicer has discretion to write off a Student Loan rather than taking proceedings to enforce 
repayment. In the event the Maturity Date of a Series is postponed in accordance with the Conditions due to 
lack of available funds to redeem the Notes on the relevant Maturity Date, interest shall not accrue during the 
period of such postponement.  
In respect of each Series of Notes, in the event the Loan Servicer confirms to the Issuer and the Trustee that 
there is no realistic prospect of collecting further funds from Borrowers of Relevant Student Loans in accordance 
with its Loan Management Policy, the Issuer shall so notify the Noteholders and the obligations of the Issuer to

--- Page 24 ---
Page 24 
the Noteholders in respect of that Series of Notes shall be immediately extinguished and the Notes shall be 
deemed to be redeemed and cancelled. Consequently, the return on the Notes may be significantly diminished. 
Except as otherwise disclosed in the Conditions and in the Trust Deed with respect to a Series, the Noteholders 
have no proprietary or other direct interest in the Issuer’s rights under or in respect of any Relevant Student 
Loans or any related financial guarantee or Borrower life insurance. Subject to the terms of the Trust Deed with 
respect to a Series, no Noteholder will have any entitlement to enforce any of the provisions of the Relevant 
Students Loans (or any other Student Loans) or have direct recourse to the corresponding Borrowers (or any 
other Borrower) except through action by the Trustee under the Trust Deed. 
No regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority 
The Issuer is not licensed or authorised under any current securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws 
of any jurisdiction and has not applied (and does not expect to apply) for any such licences or authorisations. 
There is no assurance, however, that regulatory authorities in one or more jurisdictions would not take a 
contrary view regarding the applicability of any such laws to the Issuer. The taking of a contrary view by any such 
regulatory authority could have an adverse impact on the Issuer or the holders of Notes issued by the Issuer. 
Taxation 
The Issuer expects but cannot be certain that instalments it receives from Borrowers will not be reduced by 
withholding taxes imposed by other countries from which such payments are sourced. Instalments and 
payments made by the Issuer on the Notes, however, might become subject to withholding taxes due to a 
change in law or other causes. The imposition of unanticipated withholding taxes could materially impair the 
Issuer’s ability to pay principal of, interest on, and other amounts owing in respect of, the Notes. 
U.S. federal income taxation of U.S. holders 
There are no statutory provisions, regulations, published rulings, or judicial decisions that directly address the 
characterization of the Notes or instruments similar to the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and their 
characterization for U.S. federal income tax purposes is not clear. U.S. Holders (as defined below) investing in 
any particular Series of Notes may be treated as holding either a debt instrument, equity in a passive foreign 
investment company, or possibly some other financial instrument or arrangement. Accordingly, the manner, 
amount, and timing for which a U.S. Holder will be required to report income and gain the Notes is uncertain. 
See “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations” in Section 14 for further discussion of the potential U.S. 
tax characterizations of the Notes. 
Foreign account tax compliance act ("FATCA") 
FATCA imposes a 30% US withholding tax on certain US source income and certain payments of proceeds from 
the sale of property that could give rise to US source interest of dividends made by financial institutions unless 
that financial institution has entered into an agreement with the US Internal Revenue Service to directly report 
certain information on Account Holders who are US persons, or is otherwise outside the scope of FATCA. 
The Issuer has taken advice on the extent of the obligations that have resulted for it in relation to the 
implementation of FATCA in Ireland (by the Agreement to Improve Tax Compliance and Provide for Reporting 
and Exchange of Information concerning Tax Matters (United States of America) Order 2013, and the Financial 
Accounts Reporting (United States of America) Regulations 2014 (as amended)), having regard to guidance notes 
issued by the Irish Revenue Commissioners. On the basis that the Issuer is an Investment Entity (as defined in 
the Agreement to Improve Tax Compliance and Provide for Reporting and Exchange of Information concerning 
Tax Matters (United States of America) Order 2013 of Ireland), debt interests resulting from the Notes are not 
subject to FATCA due diligence procedures because all Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin, which is an 
"established securities market". None of the Issuer, the Loan Originator or the Loan Servicer is aware of 
circumstances that would require the Issuer to be categorised as a Financial Institution for reasons other than 
that it is an Investment Entity (as defined in the Agreement to Improve Tax Compliance and Provide for Reporting 
and Exchange of Information concerning Tax Matters (United States of America) Order 2013 of Ireland). This

--- Page 25 ---
Page 25 
position on the extent of the FATCA obligations in Ireland of the Issuer results from current guidance notes 
issued by the Irish Revenue Commissioners and it remains possible that this position could be disputed, or the 
relevant guidance notes could be amended.  This could materially impair the Issuer’s ability to pay principal of, 
interest on, and other amounts owing in respect of, the Notes. 
Security granted by the Issuer could be declared invalid 
The Issuer will, for each Series, grant security interests in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders 
in the Mortgaged Property pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed. However, if the security interest of the Trustee 
in the Mortgaged Property was determined to be invalid or unperfected, Noteholders in such Series would be 
unsecured creditors and would rank on a pari passu basis with other unsecured creditors (if any) of the Issuer. 
Each of the foregoing factors may delay or reduce investors’ return on their Notes and investors may suffer a 
loss (including a total loss) on their investment. 
Recharacterisation of security interests granted by the Issuer 
Under Irish law, for a charge to be characterised as a fixed charge, it must be expressed to be such and the 
charge holder must be entitled to and must in practice exercise the requisite level of control over the assets 
purported to be charged and the proceeds of such assets including any bank account into which such proceeds 
are paid.  A security interest expressed to be of a fixed nature may be recharacterised as floating by an Irish 
court if the court determines that all of the above features are not present throughout the life of the 
arrangements. 
In the case of any security granted by the Issuer to secure its obligations under a Series of Notes which is 
expressed to be of a fixed nature, there can be no assurance that a court would not nevertheless recharacterise 
such security as floating.  The priority of the holder of floating security is more vulnerable than that of the holder 
of fixed security in certain circumstances.  See further “Claims of preferred creditors of the Issuer may rank 
ahead of Noteholders’ claims under Irish law” below. 
Claims of preferred creditors of the Issuer may rank ahead of Noteholders’ claims under Irish law  
Under Irish law, upon an insolvency or examinership of an Irish company such as the Issuer when applying the 
proceeds of assets subject to fixed security which have been realised in the course of a liquidation or 
receivership, the claims of a limited category of preferential creditors will take priority over the claims of 
creditors holding the relevant fixed security. These preferred claims include the remuneration, costs and 
expenses properly incurred by any examiner of the company (which includes any borrowings made by an 
examiner to fund the company’s requirements for the duration of his appointment) which have been approved 
by the Irish courts. 
The interest of secured creditors in property and assets of an Irish company over which there is a floating charge 
only will rank behind the claims of certain preferential creditors on enforcement of such security. Preferential 
creditors include the Irish Revenue Commissioners, statutory redundancy payments due to employees 
(including where those employees have been made redundant as a result of the liquidation of the borrower) 
and money due to be paid by the Irish company in respect of employers contributions under any pension 
scheme. 
The holder of a fixed security over the book debts of an Irish tax resident company (which would include the 
Issuer) may be required by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, by notice in writing from the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners, to pay to them sums equivalent to those which the holder received in payment of debts due to 
it by the company. Where the holder of the security has given notice to the Irish Revenue Commissioners of the 
creation of the security within 21 days of its creation, the holder’s liability is limited to the amount of certain 
outstanding Irish tax liabilities of the company (including liabilities in respect of value added tax) arising after 
the issuance of the Irish Revenue Commissioners’ notice to the holder of fixed security. 
The Irish Revenue Commissioners may also attach any debt due to an Irish tax resident company by another 
person in order to discharge any liabilities of the company in respect of outstanding tax whether the liabilities

--- Page 26 ---
Page 26 
are due on its own account or as an agent or trustee. The scope of this right of the Irish Revenue Commissioners 
has not yet been considered by the Irish courts and it may override the rights of holders of security (whether 
fixed or floating) over the debt in question. 
In relation to the disposal of assets of an Irish tax resident company which are subject to security, a person 
entitled to the benefit of the security may be liable for tax in relation to any capital gains made by the company 
on a disposal of those assets on exercise of the security. 
An examiner could be appointed to the Issuer 
Examinership is a court moratorium/protection procedure available under Irish company law. An examiner may 
be appointed to a company which is likely to be insolvent if the court is satisfied that there is a reasonable 
prospect of the survival of the company and all or part of its undertaking as a going concern. During the 
examinership period (70 days, or longer in certain circumstances) the company is protected from most forms 
of enforcement procedure and the rights of its secured creditors are largely suspended. Accordingly, if an 
examiner is appointed to the Issuer, the Trustee would be precluded from enforcing any security granted to it 
by the Issuer during the period of the examinership. An examiner has various powers during the examinership 
period, including power to deal with charged property of the company, repudiate certain contracts, and incur 
borrowing costs and other expenses some of which will take priority over rights of secured creditors. If the 
examiner concludes that it would facilitate the survival of the company as a going concern, he must formulate 
proposals for a compromise or scheme of arrangement in relation to the company. The members and creditors 
of the company will have an opportunity to consider any such proposals, and the proposals require court 
approval. A compromise or scheme of arrangement, if confirmed by the court, is binding on creditors (including 
secured creditors) and may result in amounts payable to creditors (including secured creditors) being reduced. 
The primary risks to the Noteholders if an examiner were to be appointed to the Issuer are as follows: 
• 
the potential for a scheme of arrangement being approved involving the writing down of the debt due 
by the Issuer to the Noteholders; 
• 
the potential for the examiner to seek to set aside any negative pledge in the terms and conditions of 
the Notes prohibiting the creation of security or the incurrence of borrowings by the Issuer to enable 
the examiner to borrow to fund the Issuer during the protection period; and 
• 
in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not approved, and the Issuer subsequently goes into 
liquidation, the examiner’s remuneration and expenses (including certain borrowings incurred by the 
examiner on behalf of the Issuer and approved by the Irish High Court) will take priority over any 
amounts owed to the Noteholders under the Notes. 
B. 
Risks arising from the Issuer’s reliance on third parties 
Insolvency risk 
For Series of Notes which are supported by a partial financial guarantee in respect of the Relevant Student Loans 
backing that Series, in the event of the insolvency of the entity providing the guarantee, the Issuer would be an 
unsecured creditor and would rank on a pari passu basis with other unsecured creditors (if any) of the guarantor. 
In such a scenario it is possible that the Issuer would not receive any payment under the financial guarantee. 
Insolvency of the Account Bank could adversely affect the funds held on account for the Issuer in Series Accounts 
and, as a consequence, the return on the Notes. Insolvency of HSBC UK Bank PLC could affect the funds held on 
account for Prodigy Repayments Limited, a special purpose entity established to hold collections accounts into 
which borrowers of student loans originated by the Loan Originator (including, but not limited to, those sold to 
the Issuer), may be directed to make payments on their student loans in advance of such payments being 
transferred (in the case of loans sold to the Issuer) to the relevant Series Account of the Issuer and, accordingly, 
could affect funds in which the Issuer has an interest and, as a consequence, the return on the Notes. Insolvency 
of any bank holding funds on account for any other special purpose entity (Prodigy Repayments Limited and

--- Page 27 ---
Page 27 
each such entity being a “Repayments SPV”) established to hold collections accounts into which Borrowers may 
be directed to make payments on their Student Loans and/or any payment service provider contracted by the 
Loan Servicer, could also affect such funds in which the Issuer has an interest and, as a consequence, the return 
on the Notes. 
It should be noted that upon the issuance of each Series of Notes, the proceeds thereof initially remain in the 
relevant Series Account pending transfer to (i) the Eligible Institution(s), Borrower(s) or third party lender(s), as 
applicable, in settlement of the purchase price for each Student Loan, (ii) the relevant party as a payment of 
Permitted Expenses or (iii) Noteholders towards redemption of the Notes (to the extent they are not applied for 
the foregoing purposes) on the first Payment Date applicable to the relevant Series. Insolvency of the Account 
Bank, HSBC UK Bank PLC, or any other bank with whom a Repayments SPV or payment service provider holds 
funds on account for the benefit of the Issuer would only be expected to affect the balance of Student Loan 
payments received in the relevant account during the then current Interest Period. Pursuant to the terms of the 
Servicing Agreement, the Loan Servicer is obliged to transfer (or to procure the transfer of) amounts 
representing payments by Borrowers received by it or received by Prodigy Repayments Limited (or any other 
Repayments SPV) or a payment service provider on its behalf, to the relevant Series Account on a monthly basis 
and accordingly insolvency of the relevant bank would only be expected to affect the balance of Student Loan 
payments received in the relevant account(s) following the most recent transfer to the Series Account). 
Risk of insufficient Student Loan origination 
The Issuer depends on the Loan Originator to originate sufficient Student Loans for acquisition by the Issuer as 
Relevant Student Loans for a Series of Notes.  For each Series, the Loan Originator forecasts the amount of 
Relevant Student Loans it anticipates will be disbursed based on its interactions with potential borrowers prior 
to the Issue Date of the relevant Series. However, the Loan Originator is not required to have in place any legally 
binding agreements with Borrowers in respect of any Student Loans when the Issue Date of the relevant Series 
occurs. Accordingly it may disburse fewer Student Loans than anticipated. Conversely, for a number of existing 
Series, actual demand for Student Loans eligible as Relevant Student Loans for such Series has exceeded that 
anticipated by the Loan Originator. With a view to servicing excess demand without the cost of issuing an 
additional Tranche for the relevant Series, the Issuer may elect to issue a Tranche of the Series in an aggregate 
nominal amount greater than the anticipated aggregate principal amount of Relevant Student Loans for such 
Series.  
In such cases, the Issuer may specify an applicable "Overcapitalisation Level" in the Final Terms for a Series to 
indicate that it has identified a particular level of demand from potential borrowers for Relevant Student Loans 
at the Issue Date but has issued a Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes in an aggregate nominal amount that 
is greater than the aggregate principal amount of such Relevant Student Loans (such excess amount as a 
percentage of the aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche being the specified Overcapitalisation Level), in 
anticipation of there being further demand for Relevant Student Loans from Borrowers during the Acquisition 
Period. Any amounts which represent the proceeds of a Tranche issuance which the Issuer has not utilised 
during the Acquisition Period to pay Permitted Expenses and/or purchase Relevant Student Loans will be repaid 
to Noteholders on a pro rata basis towards redemption of the Notes in accordance with the Priorities of 
Payments on the Payment Date that follows the Acquisition Period. This might reduce the overall return on the 
Notes of such Series. 
Reliance on Loan Servicer 
Following the origination of Student Loans by the Loan Originator and their acquisition by the Issuer, the Issuer 
will rely on the Loan Servicer (currently Prodigy Finance) to service and manage such Student Loans on its 
behalf.  The Loan Servicer will service and manage Student Loans on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with its 
Loan Management Policy (as defined in Section 6 “Loan Servicing Process”). 
The performance of any investment in any Notes will be dependent on, inter alia, the ability of the Loan Servicer 
to service and manage the Relevant Student Loans and the performance by the Loan Servicer of its obligations

--- Page 28 ---
Page 28 
under the LSA (as defined in Section 6 “Loan Servicing Process”).  The Loan Servicer is not required to devote all 
of its time and resources to servicing and managing Student Loans on behalf of the Issuer. The Loan Servicer 
services Student Loans held on its own account and provides loan servicing and management to other entities 
in addition to the Issuer. The return on the Notes could be adversely affected by the actions of the Loan Servicer 
and/or its ability to perform its obligations under the LSA. 
Certain conflicts of interest 
Various potential and actual conflicts of interest may arise from the overall investment activities of the Loan 
Originator, the Loan Servicer, the Placing Agents and their respective clients, agents and affiliates. Where the 
Loan Originator, Loan Servicer or a Placing Agent selects the service providers to the Issuer, there is the 
possibility that these agents will act in the interest of the selector rather than that of the Issuer. It should be 
noted that this risk is mitigated by the fact that the Trustee has a fiduciary duty towards the Noteholders, all of 
the service providers are professional companies and the various agreements in place clearly define the roles 
and services to be provided, including those to be provided by each of the Loan Originator, the Loan Servicer 
and the Placing Agents. 
The Loan Originator (currently Prodigy Finance) has rights to recommend sale, re-financing or other dealings 
with the Student Loans. If any Series of Notes is redeemed in full and there are still excess funds available in the 
relevant Series Account following payment of all amounts due in respect of such Series, the Priorities of 
Payments stipulates that the Issuer shall use such surplus to, amongst other things, discharge fees and expenses 
relating to any other Series to the extent there are insufficient funds in the relevant Series Account to discharge 
same. As a result, Prodigy Finance may benefit from early redemption of a Series. 
Regulation of Prodigy Finance 
Prodigy Finance is licensed for its credit activities by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom 
under firm reference number 709641. In the U.S., Prodigy Finance holds consumer lending licenses in 9 states, 
servicing licenses in 19 states, is registered as a consumer credit provider in 4 more states and has 10 
applications pending in 9 further states (3 credit and 7 servicing licenses).  Prodigy Finance Servicing LLC, a 
Delaware company and wholly owned subsidiary of Prodigy Finance, has 2 applications pending (1 credit and 1 
servicing) for the states requiring the licensed activities to be conducted in the U.S..  Further applications for 
lending and/or servicing licenses may follow in due course.  Regulatory authorities in one or more jurisdictions 
could take a contrary view to that taken by Prodigy Finance regarding the applicability of any such laws to it, 
which could have an adverse impact on its ability to originate and/or service Student Loans, which in turn could 
adversely affect the holders of Notes. 
Risks relating to the Trustee’s costs, fees and expenses 
Investors should be aware that the Trustee may incur costs, fees, and expenses and be entitled to certain 
indemnity payments in connection with the issuance of Series of Notes, and such amounts are not capped and 
may be substantial. To the extent that such costs, fees, expenses and indemnity payments are not satisfied by 
a third party, the Trustee is entitled to be paid in respect thereof in accordance with the Priorities of Payments 
(and accordingly, would be paid in advance of principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes). 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
A. 
Risks arising from the terms and conditions of the Notes 
Limited recourse nature of the Notes 
In accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deeds, the Notes of each Series will be direct limited recourse 
obligations solely of the Issuer, and the Noteholders will therefore have a claim under the Notes of a Series only 
to the extent of the Mortgaged Property associated with that Series (the proceeds of which may only be applied 
in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments). The Notes constitute secured obligations of the Issuer. 
If there are insufficient funds available to the Issuer to pay in full all principal, interest and other amounts due

--- Page 29 ---
Page 29 
in respect of the Notes (in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments) following confirmation by the 
Loan Servicer (in accordance with Condition 7) that there is no realistic prospect of collecting further funds from 
Borrowers of the outstanding Relevant Student Loans in accordance with its Loan Management Policy, or upon 
acceleration or upon mandatory early redemption in part or in whole as permitted under the Notes, then the 
Noteholders will have no further claim against the Issuer in respect of any such unpaid amounts. No recourse 
may be had for any amount due in respect of any Notes or any other obligations of the Issuer against any officer, 
member, director, employee, shareholder or incorporator of the Issuer or their respective successors or assigns. 
Each of the parties to the transaction documents relating to the Programme (other than the Issuer) covenants 
and agrees that it shall not be entitled to petition or take any step for the winding-up of the Issuer or the 
appointment of an examiner, liquidator, insolvency officer or other similar officer in respect of the Issuer for so 
long as any Notes or other obligations of the Issuer are outstanding and in any event for two years and one day 
after the latest date on which any Note or other obligation of any Series is due to mature. 
Possible early redemption  
Although a Maturity Date is specified for each Series, Notes may be redeemed earlier in a variety of 
circumstances.  Specifically: 
 
The amount of the principal payments made on each Payment Date will depend on the performance of 
the Relevant Student Loans and accordingly, may be sufficient to redeem the Notes in full prior to the 
scheduled Maturity Date. If, on any Payment Date, the amount available to the Issuer arising from 
payments in respect of the Relevant Student Loans is equal to or greater than the amount required to 
redeem the Notes in full in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement Priorities of Payments, the Notes will 
be redeemed and cancelled on that Payment Date without any prior notice to the Noteholders. 
 
The Issuer may, on giving not less than 20 Business Days’ notice in writing of redemption to the 
Noteholders and the Trustee, redeem the Notes of a Series in whole at the Redemption Amount or in 
part on the date specified in the redemption notice where the Issuer then has funds available for the 
notified redemption where such funds arise from the proceeds of the sale of some or all of the Relevant 
Student Loans or the refinancing thereof.   The Issuer may direct the Trustee to release the security on 
the date of such redemption over all Relevant Student Loans if the Notes of such Series are to be 
redeemed in full or over a proportion thereof equal to the proportion borne by the principal amount of 
the Notes of such Series to be redeemed to the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
of such Series, which the Trustee shall be obliged to do provided an amount is available in the relevant 
Series Account that is sufficient to repay the relevant principal proposed to be redeemed together with 
accrued interest thereon and other amounts owing in respect of that Series in accordance with the Pre-
Enforcement Priorities of Payments. The Issuer may redeem Notes of a Series, in whole or in part, in 
this way at any time after the Issue Date of those Notes without obtaining any consent or approval from 
the Noteholders of such Series. 
 
The Issuer may convene a meeting of holders of Notes in a Series at any time after the relevant Issue 
Date to consider a proposal by the Issuer to sell all or some of the Relevant Student Loans (the 
“Proposed Sale Loans”) for a price (a “Proposed Price”) which, upon consummation of such sale and 
application of the amount received by the Issuer representing the Proposed Price in accordance with 
the Pre-Enforcement Priorities of Payments: 
o 
where the Proposed Sale Loans are all of the Relevant Student Loans, would be less than the 
amount required to redeem the Notes of such Series in full; or 
o 
where the Proposed Sale Loans are only some of the Relevant Student Loans would be less than 
the amount required to effect a partial redemption of the Notes of such Series having an 
aggregate principal amount which bears the same proportion to the aggregate principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes of such Series as the aggregate outstanding principal amount

--- Page 30 ---
Page 30 
of the Proposed Sale Loans bears to the aggregate principal amount outstanding of all the 
Relevant Student Loans, 
PROVIDED THAT, in either case, the Proposed Price is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount 
which, in the opinion of the Loan Servicer, the Issuer would receive if: 
o 
it were to hold the Proposed Sale Loans until their maturity; and/or 
o 
the Loan Servicer were to take enforcement action in respect of the Proposed Sale Loans which 
are in default or in respect of which a default may occur in accordance with its Loan 
Management Policy. 
If a sale of all the Relevant Student Loans at the Proposed Price is approved by Extraordinary 
Resolution the Notes of the relevant Series shall be redeemed and cancelled without any further 
payment by the Issuer to the Noteholders upon the application of the sale proceeds by the Issuer 
in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement Priorities of Payments. Should the meeting pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution (approved by holders of 75% in value of votes cast) approving the sale, 
any dissenting holders of Notes will incur losses on their Notes on the same basis as holders of 
Notes who vote for that Extraordinary Resolution and any claim of the Noteholders in respect of 
the shortfall between the Proposed Price and the amount that would have been payable to the 
Noteholders but for the passing of the Extraordinary Resolution, shall be extinguished. 
Should the Issuer redeem the Notes of a Series early by selling or refinancing Relevant Student Loans or should 
the Notes of a Series be redeemed in full in advance of the scheduled Maturity Date as a result of the 
performance of the underlying Relevant Student Loans, the investment return in respect of those Notes may be 
diminished and/or adversely affected than the return anticipated by the investor when acquiring the Notes. 
Investors in Notes bear the risk that, if and when they receive a principal payment in respect of the Notes, they 
will not be able to reinvest the amount of the principal payment in alternative investments that bear a yield or 
return equal to or greater than the interest rate on the Notes. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have an adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark".  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 
29 June 2016 and has applied from 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU.  Among 
other things, (i) it requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) it prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised 
entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register 
(or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant 
"benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of

--- Page 31 ---
Page 31 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
"benchmark".  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to 
reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro 
area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations 
on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark.  Any of the 
foregoing changes or any consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
incentives or investigations could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any 
Notes, linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependant on (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Investors should be aware that if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest 
on Notes which reference that benchmark as a Base Rate will be determined for the relevant period by the 
fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. Condition 5.3 confers on the Calculation Agent a wide discretion to 
require that the Conditions of any relevant Series of Notes be adjusted or amended to account for any such 
event or circumstance.  Such adjustments or amendments may include, without limitation, the selection of a 
successor benchmark for the purposes of calculating interest on relevant Series of Notes or the early 
redemption of relevant Series of Notes.   
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the floating rate Notes and the value or liquidity of, and return on, any floating rate Notes which reference 
a benchmark as a Base Rate.  Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own 
assessment about the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, as applicable, or any of the international or national reforms in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Subscription, sale and transfer restrictions 
Subscription, sale and transfer restrictions may impair an investor’s ability to subscribe for, sell, or transfer the 
Notes to certain third parties including those in the U.S.. See Section 15 “Subscription, Sale and Transfer 
Restrictions”. 
B. 
Risks relating to the assets backing the Notes 
Credit risk on Borrowers of Relevant Student Loans  
The ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes of a Series will be adversely affected 
by defaults in the underlying Relevant Student Loans.  The Relevant Student Loans will not be secured by any 
collateral.  The repayment of Relevant Student Loans is dependent upon the ability and willingness of the 
Borrowers to repay.  Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Series Final Terms, no other party will guarantee 
or insure the Relevant Student Loans, and there will be no reserves available to pay defaulted Relevant Student 
Loans.  If a Borrower defaults on a Relevant Student Loan, only net amounts, if any, recovered through collection

--- Page 32 ---
Page 32 
efforts will be available with respect to that Relevant Student Loan.  If, at any time (i) defaults occur with respect 
to the Relevant Student Loans or (ii) recoveries with respect to defaulted Relevant Student Loans are less than 
the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the relevant Series of Notes plus accrued interest thereon, the 
ability of the Issuer to pay principal of and interest on the relevant Series of Notes could be adversely affected. 
For further discussion, see risk factor headed ‘Student Loan default effect on Noteholder return’ below. 
The Student Loan platform has been designed and developed to minimise the risk of arrears and default rates 
for Student Loans. Prodigy Finance has developed comprehensive risk and background vetting procedures that 
are used to screen every applicant for a Student Loan as well as a proprietary scorecard which assesses each 
applicant’s expected ability (post-graduation) to repay the Student Loan.  If “Impaired Student Loans” is specified 
to be applicable to a Series in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will be permitted to acquire Student Loans 
that have a delinquency, arrears or default status under the Loan Servicer’s Loan Management Policy (“Impaired 
Student Loans”). 
Importantly, the community nature of the platform and the sources of funding provide an incentive for 
Borrowers to meet all their Student Loan repayments. Borrowers studying on a full time basis are provided with 
a grace period (the “Grace Period”) before Student Loan repayment obligations commence. The Loan Servicer 
may consent to the extension of a Grace Period by up to 12 months in the event the relevant Borrower wishes 
to defer or extend their period of study. Typically Grace Periods end six months after course completion for 
students studying on a full-time basis (such six month period is afforded to Borrowers in order for them to find 
employment). Borrowers studying on a part-time basis or receiving a refinancing loan do not require the benefit 
of this opportunity and typically these Borrowers do not receive a Grace Period. These factors are expected to 
further reduce Student Loan default and arrears levels in populations which historically exhibit a low level of 
delinquency. 
In its role as Loan Servicer, Prodigy Finance ensures compliance with regulations and codes of conduct relevant 
to collection and enforcement entitlements. As a result, Borrowers will be extended appropriate forbearance 
should they encounter financial difficulties. The principles applied by Prodigy Finance when carrying out Loan 
Servicer responsibilities to manage and collect Student Loans acquired by the Issuer include those set out in 
Prodigy Finance’s Loan Management Policy, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) rules, including the FCA 
Consumer Credit sourcebook (CONC) – with specific reference to affordability and vulnerability, and The Lending 
Code - Lending Standards Board (LSB) best practice. 
Student Loan default effect on Noteholder return 
Since the Notes of each Series are backed by a pool of Student Loans, each percentage of default has an 
incremental effect on the return to Noteholders. As the pool of Relevant Student Loans that secure a Series of 
Notes becomes smaller, the impact of an individual Borrower default becomes greater. Please refer to the graph 
on page 42 of this Base Prospectus for an example of the effect of default on the return and the table on pages 
42 and 43 which shows the annualised internal rate of return as well as the total amount repaid to Noteholders 
over the term of a Series of Notes based on an investment of 100 and default levels from 0% to 33%. 
Some Series might benefit from a financial guarantee in respect of the Relevant Student Loans backing that 
Series, which would improve the return profile shown in the table referred to above. If applicable, this will be 
specified in the Final Terms for the Series. 
Other factors that could impact on the ability of a Borrower to repay include fluctuations in the exchange rate 
between the currency of the Student Loan and the currency of the jurisdiction where a Borrower is resident 
resulting in the Borrower’s repayment amount increasing, foreign exchange control or notification requirements 
in the jurisdiction where a Borrower is resident and other operational restrictions which Prodigy Finance 
monitors on an ongoing basis. 
The Issuer may apply the proceeds of the issuance of a Series of Notes towards the acquisition of Impaired 
Student Loans if “Impaired Student Loans” is stated to be applicable to the Series in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to the concentration limits set out in such Final Terms. The purchase price for any such Impaired Student

--- Page 33 ---
Page 33 
Loan(s) will be discounted to reflect the market value of the relevant Impaired Student Loan(s) on the relevant 
sale date, as determined by the Loan Originator and confirmed in the relevant notice to the Issuer, proposing 
the sale of the relevant Impaired Student Loan(s). Investors should be aware that the Issuer may not be able to 
recover all or any amounts due from Borrowers of Impaired Student Loans which may diminish or have an 
adverse effect on the return on the Notes.   
Early repayment risk 
The nature of the pool of Borrowers means that early repayments of principal are likely and expected and the 
Issuer does not charge any penalty to the Borrower for early repayments or even early settlement. Early 
repayments may be invested into Relevant Student Loans with similar interest rates during the Acquisition 
Period but not otherwise. Should it not be possible to reinvest in Student Loans, the funds will be retained in 
the relevant Series Account until the next Payment Date occurs. Given that the Relevant Student Loans feature 
a range of interest rate margins, early repayment of specific loans might affect the weighted average margin 
available to pay Noteholders of a relevant Series. 
Death of Borrower 
A Series will only benefit from life insurance cover on Borrowers with Student Loans securing that Series if so 
stated in the Final Terms for that Series. Where life cover benefits a Series, the required life insurances will be 
put in place by the Loan Originator by way of a group life cover policy. The Loan Originator will rely upon a group 
life cover policy underwritten by Sagicor Life, a Lloyds syndicate, when the Series Final Terms specify that life 
cover applies to a Series. Even where the Series Final Terms stipulate Borrower life cover is applicable, the Loan 
Originator may be given discretion by those Final Terms to include loans to a Borrower or Borrowers without 
life cover in the Series security if "In Specie Subscription" is applicable to the Series (see Section 5 “Loan 
Origination and Sale Process”). 
If a Borrower dies and that Borrower's life is not insured (either because life insurance cover is not a Series 
requirement or the Loan Originator has exercised a permission to exclude that Borrower from life cover) or if 
cover proceeds are insufficient to repay the deceased Borrower's Student Loan in full or if the insurer establishes 
a cause of death excluded from cover, the Issuer will rank as a creditor of the estate of the deceased Borrower 
for the unpaid balance of the Student Loan. The Issuer may have difficulty in establishing its claim as a creditor 
of the Borrower's estate and the value of that estate may be insufficient to pay the Issuer's claim and all other 
claims owing by the deceased Borrower in full or the Loan Servicer may write off the outstanding balance if 
deemed appropriate in accordance with the Loan Servicer’s Loan Management Policy. 
Bankruptcy of Borrower 
In the event of the bankruptcy of a Borrower, the Issuer will rank as an unsecured creditor of the estate of the 
bankrupt Borrower for the unpaid balance of the Student Loan. Depending on the jurisdiction of the bankruptcy, 
the relevant Student Loan may be subject to avoidance or discharge in bankruptcy. Even if the Issuer has a valid 
claim as creditor of the Borrower’s estate, the Issuer may nonetheless have difficulty in establishing its claim, 
and the value of that estate may be insufficient to discharge in full the Issuer's claim and all other claims owing 
by the bankrupt Borrower. The avoidance of discharge of a significant amount of the Student Loans could 
adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to pay principal of and interest on the Notes. 
Legal enforcement and collections 
The form of Student Loan has been designed with a view to ensuring maximum enforceability of Student Loans 
to international Borrowers by cost efficient means. Currently, the platform is able to lend to Borrowers resident 
in around 186 jurisdictions. Each Student Loan is originated by the Loan Servicer in a manner that is intended 
to make such Student Loan valid and enforceable in arbitration against the related Borrower under English law. 
The Loan Servicer has taken legal advice from the London office of a leading global law firm as to the 
enforceability of the form of arbitration provisions under the Student Loans. Although it cannot be guaranteed 
by the Loan Servicer, it expects a valid and binding arbitral award to be granted in enforcement proceedings

--- Page 34 ---
Page 34 
against a Borrower, which could then be enforced before the local courts in that Borrower's country of residence 
or location of assets based on that country's adoption of The New York Convention on the Recognition and 
Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (the “New York Convention”).   
Pursuant to each Loan Agreement, the Borrower is responsible for any reasonable costs, charges and expenses 
that may be incurred by the Loan Servicer on behalf of the Issuer in connection with the Loan Agreement with 
the Borrower, including legal fees that arise out of the Borrower’s breach of the Loan Agreement or its 
enforcement to recover the amount owing by the Borrower. The costs, charges and expenses referred to above 
may be paid by (i) the Issuer (at the request of the Loan Servicer) in advance of payments of interest and principal 
being made on the Notes in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments or (ii) the Loan Servicer (in 
which case the Loan Servicer may request the Issuer to reimburse it for the relevant amount and such payment(s) 
may be made by the Issuer in advance of making payments of interest and principal on the Notes in accordance 
with the applicable Priorities of Payments). In the event the Issuer has paid such costs, charges and expenses or 
reimbursed the Loan Servicer for doing so, the Loan Servicer shall, upon recovering from the relevant Borrower 
any amount(s) representing such costs, charges and expenses, transfer same to the relevant Series Account for 
application in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments.  
Borrower rights against Loan Originator 
The Loan Originator may enter into a Loan Agreement with a Borrower that provides for the loan to be made 
available to the Borrower by a number of distinct disbursements with reference to the due dates of the 
obligations (tuition, living expenses or loan refinancing) that will be financed by the loan amount. In those 
circumstances, the Issuer’s acquisition of the loan disbursement will be by equitable assignment only and the 
Borrower's rights as against the Loan Originator may not be displaced by it. Therefore, until the Student Loan 
in its entirety has been acquired by the Issuer and the Borrower has been given notice in writing of that fact, the 
Issuer must join the Loan Originator to any legal proceedings to enforce repayment by the Borrower of the 
acquired disbursements and the Borrower may be entitled to rely upon defences and rights of set off available 
against the Loan Originator when the Issuer seeks loan repayment from the Borrower. These defences and 
rights of set off may reduce the amount that the Borrower is required to pay by way of discharge of the loan 
disbursement and adversely affect the return on the relevant Series of Notes. 
Employment/job market 
Employment risks may vary according to the type of course that the Borrower has undertaken. The employment 
of graduates also exhibits cyclical characteristics with regional economies. This programme is focused on the 
world’s leading universities and degrees that feature high levels of post-graduation employment, even in difficult 
economic cycles. Additionally, the Loan Originator’s affordability model estimates future earning potential based 
on a number of factors, including the university and degree, to ensure that Student Loan amounts are 
appropriate for a particular student. Failure of in-school Borrowers to graduate may impact employment 
prospects which may lead to increased risk that the borrower is unable to repay. The Grace Period allows for 
the majority of Borrowers to find employment. However, it is possible in severe cases for the Loan Servicer to 
offer Borrowers an appropriate arrangement where it is believed that market conditions impact in the short 
term for the Borrower but do not change the fundamental characteristics of their medium to long term 
employability. 
Exchange rate risk 
Other factors that could impact on the ability of a Borrower to repay include fluctuations in the exchange rate 
between the currency of the Student Loan and the currency of the jurisdiction where a Borrower is resident 
resulting in the Borrower’s repayment amount increasing, foreign exchange control or notification requirements 
in the jurisdiction where the Borrower is resident and other operational restrictions which Prodigy Finance 
monitors on an ongoing basis.

--- Page 35 ---
Page 35 
Global economic conditions 
The performance of Relevant Student Loans is subject to risks arising from macro-economic conditions globally. 
The performance of the Relevant Student Loans held by the Issuer is influenced by global and macro-economic 
conditions. Any lack of or reduced economic growth, higher unemployment or changes in Borrowers’ income in 
the countries where they live during repayment may reduce Borrowers’ ability to make repayments. Trends are 
influenced by global political events, such as terrorist acts, war and other hostilities, as well as by market-specific 
events, such as shifts in consumer confidence and consumer spending, the rate of unemployment, industrial 
output, labour or social unrest and political uncertainty. 
The ability of Borrowers of Relevant Student Loans to repay those Relevant Student Loans, and the resulting 
amounts available to the Issuer for repayment of the related Series of Notes, may be significantly influenced by 
general economic conditions. 
High unemployment rates is the most significant macroeconomic factor that could increase loan delinquencies, 
defaults and forbearance, or otherwise negatively affect performance of the Relevant Student Loans.  In addition, 
if interest rates were to increase, thereby causing payments on Relevant Student Loans to increase, Borrowers 
of the Relevant Student Loans may experience more difficulties in repaying their Relevant Student Loans, which 
could increase loan delinquencies, defaults and forbearance.  Forbearance programs may have the further 
effect of delaying default emergence, and alternative payment plans may reduce the utilisation of basic 
forbearance.  In addition, limitations on the amount of available credit in the market may have an adverse 
impact on general economic conditions that affect the performance of the Relevant Student Loans.  Any 
slowdown in growth or commencement of a recession would be expected to have an adverse effect on the 
ability of Borrowers to repay or refinance their existing debt.  Adverse macroeconomic conditions may adversely 
affect the realisation value of the Relevant Student Loans.  It is possible that the Relevant Student Loans will 
experience higher default rates (and lower recoveries following default) than expected and that performance of 
the Notes will suffer. 
The Issuer cannot predict how these or other factors will affect repayment patterns, and consequently, the 
amount and timing of payments on a Series of Notes.  Any reductions in the amount or delays in the payments 
of interest on or principal of the Relevant Student Loans with respect to a Series of Notes could result the failure 
of the Issuer to make principal of and interest on the relevant Notes. There is no assurance that Prodigy Finance 
can accurately predict loan performance under such economic conditions.  Prodigy Finance’s historical 
delinquency, default and loss experience may not accurately predict the performance of the Relevant Student 
Loans acquired by the Issuer with respect to a Series of Notes.  If delinquencies, defaults and losses on the 
Relevant Student Loans exceed projections thereof, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to pay principal of 
and interest on the Notes of the relevant Series. 
COVID-19 
The Coronavirus 2019 (“COVID-19”) pandemic, and actions taken to limit the spread of the coronavirus, have led 
to disruptions in economic activities worldwide, including in the United States, the EU, the UK, India, Brazil, China, 
and other countries, and in global financial markets.  Although governments worldwide have implemented 
measures designed to counter the economic effects of the outbreak, the effectiveness of such measures in 
reducing the volatility in the financial markets or preventing the occurrence of a long-term national or global 
economic downturn cannot be predicted.  The pandemic and governmental responses (including quarantines, 
shelter-in-place orders, stay-at-home orders and mandated closures of various businesses deemed non-
essential) have resulted in historic increases in unemployment, and declines in gross domestic product, in many 
countries.  Business closures, travel restrictions, and workforce reductions and furloughs have also resulted in 
income reductions for many businesses and their remaining employees.  The Issuer cannot predict the length 
or severity of the pandemic and its economic effects, including its effects on the Issuer, Prodigy Finance or 
Borrowers.  Additional outbreaks of COVID-19 and further actions or extensions of existing actions taken to limit 
such outbreaks and their economic effects could lead to further disruptions in economic activities, the financial

--- Page 36 ---
Page 36 
markets, and the global economy in general.  Prospective investors should consider what effect such events 
may have on the ability of Borrowers to make timely payments on the Relevant Student Loans, which could have 
an adverse impact on the performance and market value or marketability of the relevant Series of Notes. 
For Borrowers experiencing financial difficulties, Prodigy Finance (in its capacity as Loan Servicer), in applying its 
forbearance policies, may offer temporary relief in the form of Grace Period extensions (for Borrowers nearing 
the end of their Grace Periods and being unable to commence repayment) or zero or minimum payment 
arrangements (for Borrowers in repayment), and may not charge or waive the collection of some interest, if and 
as required by the FCA.  Guidelines issued by the FCA state that it may be appropriate for a firm to consider 
suspending, reducing, waiving or cancelling interest for borrowers in financial difficulty.  Although this element 
of the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook is ordinarily treated as guidance, the FCA did during the 
COVID-19 pandemic mandate firms to waive interest and offer payment holidays for borrowers that got into 
financial difficulty due to COVID-19. There is a risk that the FCA may introduce such measures again if sufficient 
numbers of consumers resident in the UK are suffering financial hardship.  Prodigy Finance may also offer, 
subject to a portfolio cap and only in line with its forbearance policy and UK FCA regulation, permanent relief 
for eligible Borrowers who are willing to pay but cannot afford their contracted instalments and are unlikely to 
do so for the remainder of the term of their Student Loans. For these Borrowers, Prodigy Finance may modify 
their Student Loans by increasing the term to maturity and thereby reducing the monthly contractual instalment, 
or by agreeing to alternative repayment schedules based on expected future income increases, in order for the 
Borrowers to be able to discharge their Student Loans. 
Prodigy Finance has implemented health and safety measures that require or allow employees to work remotely 
if their function permits.  An extended period of remote work arrangements could introduce operational risk, 
including cybersecurity risks.  In addition, servicing disruptions could result from the burden of responding to 
increased delinquencies and deferment requests, or if significant portions of Prodigy Finance’s workforce are 
unable to work effectively as a result of the pandemic, including because of illness, stay-at-home orders or 
ineffective remote work arrangements. Nonetheless, servicing disruptions did not occur during 2020 despite 
the high stress to which Prodigy Finance’s servicing activities were subject.  This could adversely affect the 
performance of the Student Loans.  There can be no assurance that any transition of material business 
operations by Prodigy Finance or any other relevant party to a remote working environment will not have a 
material adverse impact on any such party’s ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents.  
The inability of any party to the Transaction Documents to adequately perform its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents upon transition to a remote working environment, may adversely impact the 
performance of the Relevant Student Loans with respect to a Series of Notes.  The COVID-19 pandemic may also 
have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this "RISK FACTORS" section, such as those 
related to the ability of the Borrowers to make timely payments on the Relevant Student Loans, the performance, 
market value, and secondary market liquidity of Notes and risks of geographic concentration of the Borrowers. 
The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic affects Notes will largely depend on future developments, which 
are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the 
severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and the actions taken to contain it or alleviate its effects.  The Issuer cannot 
predict how legal and regulatory responses to the pandemic and related economic problems will affect the 
parties to the Transaction Documents, the Issuer, or Notes.  However, all of the foregoing could have a negative 
impact on the performance of the Student Loans and, as a result, there may be delays in payments or losses on 
Notes.  Because a pandemic such as COVID-19 has not occurred in recent years, historical loss experience may 
not accurately predict the performance of the Relevant Student Loans with respect to any Series of Notes.  All 
of the foregoing could have a negative impact on the performance of the Relevant Student Loans and, as a result, 
holders of Notes may experience delays in payments or losses on their Notes. 
Brexit 
The UK has withdrawn from the EU (an event referred to as “Brexit”). There is uncertainty regarding the 
implications and implementation of the ongoing relationship between the UK and the EU following Brexit. Brexit 
could adversely affect economic and market conditions in the UK, in the EU and its member states and

--- Page 37 ---
Page 37 
elsewhere, and could contribute to uncertainty and instability in global financial markets.  As a result of the 
foregoing, Brexit could adversely affect the volatility, liquidity and/or the market value of Notes.  
Concentration risk 
The Issuer and Prodigy Finance retain discretion to focus marketing initiatives exclusively on students located 
in a particular geographical region. It is possible that the concentration factors resulting from this approach to 
marketing could increase default risk, for example, where natural disasters, adverse economic, health or other 
circumstances affect the relevant area. Neither the Issuer nor Prodigy Finance has significant statistical or other 
data on the impact of concentrations of this kind. 
Illiquidity of Student Loans 
The Relevant Student Loans held by the Issuer are illiquid and the Issuer might find it difficult or impossible to 
find a purchaser for these assets. In particular, the Borrower of a Student Loan is not required to pay interest 
or principal during its Grace Period. Therefore, investors should expect that the Student Loans will have to be 
held by the Issuer until maturity. 
The Loan Originator may recommend to the Issuer that some or all of the Relevant Student Loans should be 
exchanged for other Student Loans that satisfy the Eligibility Criteria (if applicable) and the section of the 
applicable Final Terms entitled “Provisions relating to Student Loans”. The Issuer may direct the Trustee to 
execute any document required to release the Relevant Student Loan(s) being replaced from the security 
created by the Trust Deed for the relevant Series and take a first charge over those replacement Student Loan(s) 
and the Trustee shall be obliged to do so provided the Loan Originator has confirmed to the Issuer in writing 
(with a copy to the Trustee) that the replacement Student Loan(s) is/are not in default and that the aggregate 
principal amount plus the accrued and expected interest amount due under the replacement Student Loan(s) 
is equal to or greater than the principal amount plus the accrued and expected interest amount due under the 
Relevant Student Loan(s) that is/are being replaced.  The Student Loan(s) that become Relevant Student Loan(s) 
as a result of the exchange will be illiquid. 
C. 
Other risks relating to the Notes 
Limited liquidity 
The Notes are tradable and may be listed on Euronext Dublin, but no established secondary market exists for 
the Notes. Therefore, there is a risk that secondary market liquidity for the Notes will be limited and that 
investors will have to hold the Notes until maturity and may not be able to trade out of their positions. The 
amortizing nature of the Notes and the fact that many Borrowers repay early, means that the majority of 
principal may be repaid long before final maturity. This may reduce the return to Noteholders and may mean 
that the creation of a secondary market for the Notes is less likely. 
Exchange rate risk 
Investors whose assets are not denominated in the currency of the Notes which they acquire will be exposed to 
changes in the exchange rate between their local currency and the currency in which the Notes are denominated 
which might affect the returns available to them positively or negatively. 
U.S. Regulatory Risks 
Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), requires the “sponsor” 
of a “securitization transaction” to acquire (either directly or through its “majority-owned affiliates”) not less than 
5% of the “credit risk” of “securitized assets”.  A "securitization transaction" is defined for this purpose to mean 
an offering and sale of asset-backed securities by an issuing entity (the entity that holds the assets and issues 
the securities).  An "asset-backed security" is defined as a fixed-income or other security collateralized (or backed) 
by any type of self-liquidating financial asset (including a loan, a lease, a mortgage, or a secured or unsecured 
receivable) that allows the holder of the security to receive payments that depend primarily on cash flow from

--- Page 38 ---
Page 38 
the asset (or assets).  The Issuer does not intend, and neither Prodigy Finance nor any of its affiliates intends, to 
comply with the risk retention provisions of Section 15G of the Exchange Act in reliance upon the safe harbor 
for foreign offerings.  That safe harbor is available when no more than 10% of the dollar value (or equivalent 
amount in the currency in which the asset-backed interests are issued, as applicable) of all asset-backed 
interests will initially be sold or transferred to U.S. persons or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons. 
The Issuer has not registered with the SEC as an investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act, 
in reliance on an exclusion under Section 3(c)(5)(A) and (B) of the Investment Company Act.  Such exemption is 
available to any issuer (a) that is not issuing "redeemable securities" (i.e., any security under which the holder, 
upon its presentation to the issuer or to a person designated by the issuer, is entitled (whether absolutely or 
only out of surplus) to receive approximately his proportionate share of the issuer's current net assets, or the 
cash equivalent thereof) and (b) that is primarily engaged in one or more of the following businesses:  
(i) purchasing notes, drafts, acceptances, open accounts receivable and other obligations representing part or 
all of the sales price of merchandise, insurance, and services (including educational services) and (ii) making 
loans to manufacturers, wholesalers and retailers of, and to prospective purchasers of, specified merchandise, 
insurance, and services (including educational services).  Although the Issuer believes that the exclusion under 
Section 3(c)(5)(A) and (B) of the Investment Company Act is available to the Issuer, the Issuer has not obtained 
any no action letter or other advice from the SEC or its legal staff in relation to the applicability of such exclusion 
to the Issuer. 
If the SEC or a court of competent jurisdiction were to find that the Issuer is required, but in violation of the 
Investment Company Act had failed, to register as an investment company, possible consequences include, but 
are not limited to, the following:  (i) the SEC could apply to a district court to enjoin the violation; (ii) investors in 
the Issuer could sue the Issuer and recover any damages caused by the violation; and (iii) any contract to which 
the Issuer is a party that is made in violation of the Investment Company Act or whose performance involves 
such violation would be unenforceable by any party to the contract unless a court were to find that under the 
circumstances enforcement would produce a more equitable result than non-enforcement and would not be 
inconsistent with the purposes of the Investment Company Act.  Should the Issuer be subjected to any or all of 
the foregoing, the Issuer would be materially and adversely affected.

--- Page 39 ---
Page 39 
3. INVESTOR RETURN 
 
GENERAL 
Each Series of Notes aims to provide a fixed margin above a variable base rate return (the "Target Interest Rate") 
generated by a diversified pool of Relevant Student Loans to students attending courses at the educational 
institutions specified as “Eligible Institutions” in the Final Terms for that Series. The Relevant Student Loans that 
secure each Series are expected to result in aggregate interest payments to the Issuer sufficient to enable the 
Issuer to fund the payment of all fees, costs and expenses of the Series and interest payments on the Notes 
calculated at the Target Interest Rate. The Target Interest Rate will not fall below the fixed margin specified in 
the Series Final Terms should the variable Base Rate selected for the Series become negative. 
 
INTEREST  
On each Payment Date (details of which are set out in the Final Terms for each Series), interest will be payable 
on the Notes in an amount up to the “Accrued Interest Balance”, but only to the extent that the aggregate 
amount of the Relevant Student Loan payments that have then been received and that remain available to pay 
interest after payment of certain fees and expenses in accordance with the Priorities of Payments is equal to or 
in excess of €500 for Euro denominated Series, £500 for Sterling denominated Series and $500 for US dollar 
denominated Series (each a “Threshold Amount”). 
Each Series of Notes will seek to provide investors with a return at the “Target Interest Rate”. A Target Interest 
Rate and Base Rate will be specified in the Final Terms for each Series. 
The Base Rate used to calculate the Target Interest Rate (which Base Rate will be deemed to be zero if it is 
negative) will be one of: 
EURIBOR 
EURIBOR (or euro interbank offered rate) is the rate at which a prime bank in the Euro interbank market is willing 
to lend funds in euro to another prime bank for a specified maturity. EURIBOR is computed for interbank 
deposits with maturities ranging from one week to 12 months. 
Term SONIA 
Term SONIA is the forward-looking term reference rate for a designated period derived from the Sterling 
overnight index average (SONIA) rate published by the Bank of England, which is calculated and published by 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited.  
 
Term SOFR 
Term SOFR is the forward-looking term reference rate for a designated period derived from the US Dollar 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) published by the New York Federal Reserve Bank, which is calculated 
and published by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 
Wall Street Journal Prime Rate 
The Wall Street Journal Prime Rate is the average base rate as published by the Wall Street Journal at which 
prime banks in the U.S. are willing to lend funds in US Dollars to prime clients.

--- Page 40 ---
Page 40 
BANK OF ENGLAND BASE RATE  
The Bank of England Base Rate is the interest rate that the Bank of England charges banks for secured 
overnight lending. 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for the replacement of a Base Rate in the event that it is no 
longer produced or the manner in which it is determined changes materially – see Condition 5.3 (Base Rate 
Replacement).  
Interest will begin to accrue from the “Interest Commencement Date” which shall be the Issue Date of the Notes 
or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The calculation dates for interest and the applicable Target Interest 
Rate or its method of calculation may differ in respect of Notes of different Series. All such information will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Final Terms of each Series will specify “Payment Dates” on which an amount of interest will be payable in 
respect of the Notes on an available funds basis from funds received by the Issuer from the Relevant Student 
Loans. Interest will be payable following the payment of certain fees and expenses in accordance with the 
applicable Priorities of Payments (as described below) in an amount up to the Accrued Interest Balance, but only 
when the amount available on the Payment Date to pay interest exceeds the Threshold Amount for the Series. 
The Calculation Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall determine the Accrued Interest Balance on the Calculation 
Date, which is the 8th of each calendar month in which there is a Payment Date unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
For each Interest Period, the Accrued Interest Balance will be the “Current Interest” amount plus any amounts 
of interest accrued but not yet paid in prior Interest Periods. 
Current Interest is calculated by applying the Target Interest Rate to the Notional Principal Amount for the 
Interest Period immediately preceding the Calculation Date. For any Calculation Date, the Notional Principal 
Amount of a Note is the outstanding principal amount of such Note plus any interest amounts not yet paid from 
prior Interest Periods excluding the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
The Interest Periods shall be the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Calculation Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) a 
Calculation Date and ending on (but excluding) the following Calculation Date, provided that the final Interest 
Period shall end on the Maturity Date (but subject to Condition 7.3, if applicable) or such earlier date on which 
the Notes are redeemed in full. 
Current Interest = Notional Principal Amount x Target Interest Rate x Target Day Count Fraction (as defined in 
Section 8 “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) for the Interest Period immediately preceding the Calculation 
Date. 
Accrued Interest Balance = Interest amounts not yet paid from prior Interest Periods + Current Interest. 
There is no assurance that on any Payment Date there will be sufficient available funds to pay the Accrued 
Interest Balance on the Notes and interest shall (in any event) only be paid where funds available to pay interest 
exceed the Threshold Amount for the Series. If the Issuer does not have sufficient funds to pay an amount equal 
to the Accrued Interest Balance for an Interest Period, interest will continue to accrue at the Target Interest Rate 
and payment will be deferred until the following Payment Date. Such an event will not constitute an Event of 
Default. 
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, payments of the Accrued Interest Balance and principal for 
each Series will be denominated in the currency in which the Series is denominated.

--- Page 41 ---
Page 41 
PRINCIPAL 
On each Payment Date on which a Threshold Amount or more remains after payment of certain fees and 
expenses in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments, once the Accrued Interest Balance has been 
paid in full, any remaining available funds shall be paid out to Noteholders to partially (or fully) redeem the 
principal balance of the Notes. 
To the extent that the Issuer does not have sufficient funds to make a payment of principal on a given Payment 
Date, that payment will be deferred until the following Payment Date. Such deferral will not constitute an Event 
of Default. 
 
PAYMENTS 
While a Grace Period applies to a Borrower, that Borrower will not be required to make any payments.  The 
purpose of this Grace Period is to allow the Borrower to complete the course of study and resume employment 
prior to having to make payments on the Student Loan. Typically, a Grace Period is provided to Borrowers 
studying full-time and is not provided to Borrowers studying part-time or who wish to refinance an existing 
student loan. 
Following the Borrower’s Grace Period, the Borrower enters into a repayment period where the Borrower will 
begin to pay interest and repay principal outstanding on the Student Loan (the “Repayment Period”).  The 
Repayment Period is typically a period of seven to twenty years which commences after the Grace Period. The 
term of the loan therefore typically equals the Grace Period plus the Repayment Period, subject to early 
repayment and arrangements deferring payment obligations and/or restructuring the loan term.  The Issuer will 
utilise these receipts from the Relevant Student Loans to make payments in accordance with the applicable 
Priorities of Payments on each Payment Date.  These payments will include payments of unpaid interest and 
principal on the Notes of the relevant Series to the extent and in the circumstances specified under “Interest" 
and “Principal” in this Section 3 “Investor Return”. 
 
STUDENT LOAN DEFAULT EFFECT ON NOTEHOLDER RETURN 
Since the return on the Notes is generated by a pool of Student Loans, each percentage of default has an 
incremental effect on the return to Noteholders. The graph and table below show an example of the effect of 
default on the return based on the assumptions stated below. For this graph, the default rate is the end state 
cumulative default. The cumulative default rate is quoted as a percentage of the principal amount outstanding 
of the underlying Relevant Student Loan security. As the pool of Relevant Student Loans that secure a Series of 
Notes becomes smaller, the impact of an individual Borrower default becomes greater.  
The graph below uses an example where interest paid on the Notes is calculated by taking an average Borrower 
margin above the 3 Month USD Term SOFR forward rate curve (0.77% on 7 April 2022) of 7.5%, deducting Student 
Loan servicing fees and the initial Note issue fees, which provides for a Note internal rate of return (which is an 
annual effective interest rate taking into account the effect of compounding and timing of payments on the 
Target Interest Rate) of 7.82% (gross) or 7.05% above 3 Month USD Term SOFR over the life of the Note, assuming 
0% default, delinquencies and with early repayments based on a curve approximating the experience of past 
loan pools. For illustration – based on the above example, at 3% default, the Notes provide a return to 
Noteholders of 7.30% or 6.53% above 3-month USD Term SOFR over the life of the Note.

--- Page 42 ---
Page 42 
 
The table below shows the annualised internal rate of return as well as the total amount repaid to Noteholders 
over the term of the Note based on an investment of 100 and default levels from 0%-33%. From this table, it can 
be seen that the investor receives back 100 for an investment of 100 up to a cumulative Relevant Student Loan 
default level of around 32%. This table illustrates how default rates impact on the 7.8% Note internal rate of 
return used in the preceding graph.  
BASED ON INVESTMENT OF 100 
Cumulative End 
State Default 
Internal Rate  
of Return 
Total Cash 
Payments Received 
0% 
7.8%      
137       
1% 
7.7%      
137       
2% 
7.5%      
136       
3% 
7.3%      
135       
4% 
7.1%      
134       
5% 
6.9%      
133       
6% 
6.7%      
131       
7% 
6.5%      
130       
8% 
6.2%      
129       
9% 
6.0%      
128       
10% 
5.8%      
126       
11% 
5.6%      
125       
12% 
5.3%      
124       
13% 
5.1%      
123       
14% 
4.9%      
122       
15% 
4.6%      
120       
16% 
4.4%      
119       
17% 
4.1%      
118       
18% 
3.9%      
117       
19% 
3.6%      
115       
20% 
3.4%      
114       
21% 
3.1%      
113       
22% 
2.8%      
112       
23% 
2.6%      
111

--- Page 43 ---
Page 43 
24% 
2.3%      
109       
25% 
2.0%      
108       
26% 
1.7%      
107       
27% 
1.4%      
106       
28% 
1.1% 
105  
29% 
0.8% 
103  
30% 
0.5% 
102  
31%      
0.2%      
101       
32%      
-0.1%      
100       
33%      
-0.4%      
98       
 
In the table above, cumulative end state default means the nominal value of default that occurs over the life of 
the Student Loans divided by the Adjusted Distributed Balance (i.e. the balance at the end of the Grace Period 
including interest accrued during the Grace Period).  The Internal rate of return is calculated on an XIRR function 
based on the cash flows throughout the life of the Note.  An expected early repayment curve is also applied to 
the Student Loan repayments. 
Some Series may benefit from a financial guarantee in respect of certain Relevant Student Loans, which would 
improve the return profile shown in the table above.  This will be specified in the Final Terms for the Series and 
additional information regarding any such guarantee and the guarantor will be contained in a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus. 
Where a particular Student Loan is impaired, that position is recognised in the profit and loss account of the 
Issuer as the difference between the carrying amount of the Student Loan and expected recoverability with 
respect to it.  Specific provisions are included for Student Loans more than 180 days in arrears, while a non-
specific provision (based on an incurred but not reported model) is made for Student Loans in arrears for up to 
180 days. While this provisioning may result in a loan to value ratio of less than 100% for a Series affected by 
impaired Relevant Student Loans, the aggregate interest payable to the Issuer on Relevant Student Loans will 
exceed the aggregate interest payable on Notes of the relevant Series, providing for the possibility that the 
accumulated interest margin on performing Relevant Student Loans will be sufficient to offset losses on the 
defaulted Relevant Student Loans.  
 
REDEMPTION  
REDEMPTION AT MATURITY 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be redeemed at 
the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or such earlier Payment 
Date on which the amount available for repayment of principal on the Notes in accordance with the applicable 
Priorities of Payments, when aggregated with all previous redemption amounts paid on the Notes, is sufficient 
to redeem the Notes in full. 
 
INSUFFICIENT FUNDS ON MATURITY DATE 
If on the Maturity Date the Issuer does not have sufficient available funds to redeem the Notes at the 
Redemption Amount after discharging any liabilities ranking in priority to the repayment of outstanding 
principal on the Notes in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments, the Issuer shall apply any funds 
available to be so applied in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments in a partial redemption of the 
Notes on a pro rata basis and the Maturity Date will be automatically postponed to the then next following

--- Page 44 ---
Page 44 
anniversary of that date. Such postponement will be repeated annually unless, in each case, the Notes have 
been redeemed in full and cancelled. 
Interest shall not accrue on the Notes during the Post-Maturity Repayment Period and the Issuer shall apply 
funds (if any) received by it in respect of the Relevant Student Loans during that period towards redemption of 
the Notes (up to the Redemption Amount as of the initial scheduled Maturity Date) in accordance with the 
Priorities of Payments on payment dates notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with the 
Conditions.  
 
POST-MATURITY PERIOD TERMINATION 
During the Post-Maturity Repayment Period, if applicable, the Issuer may request the Loan Servicer, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, to value (or arrange the valuation of) the portfolio of Relevant Student Loans 
that remain outstanding in respect of the relevant Series (the aggregate amount at which such Student Loans 
are valued being the “Post-Maturity Valuation Amount”).  
The Issuer may, within 30 calendar days’ of any such valuation and provided it has the requisite available funds 
to do so, on giving no less than 10 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders and the Trustee, distribute an 
amount equal to the Post-Maturity Valuation Amount together with any other funds then standing to the credit 
of the Series Account in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments, which payment shall be in full 
and final discharge of all amounts of interest and principal then due and payable under or in respect of the 
Notes of the relevant Series. If such a distribution is made by the Issuer, the rights of the Noteholders to receive 
any further amounts in respect of the Notes shall be extinguished and the Notes shall thereupon be redeemed 
in full and cancelled. 
 
NON-PERFORMING PORTFOLIO REDEMPTION 
In respect of each Series of Notes, in the event the Loan Servicer confirms to the Issuer and the Trustee that 
there is no realistic prospect of collecting further funds from Borrowers of the outstanding Relevant Student 
Loans in accordance with its Loan Management Policy, the Issuer shall so notify the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16.  Following distribution of any funds then standing to the credit of the Series Account in 
accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments, all Notes of the relevant Series shall thereupon be 
redeemed and cancelled and the rights of the Noteholders to receive any further amounts in respect of the 
Notes shall be extinguished. 
 
EARLY REDEMPTION FOLLOWING A LOAN SALE OR REFINANCING 
The Issuer may, on giving not less than 20 Business Days’ notice in writing of redemption to the relevant 
Noteholders and the Trustee, redeem the Notes of a Series in whole or in part at the Redemption Amount on 
the date specified in the redemption notice provided the Issuer has the requisite funds available to it to redeem 
the Notes from the proceeds of a sale or refinancing of the Relevant Student Loans. No such notice is required 
to be given where the Notes are redeemed on a Payment Date or Additional Payment Date (as defined in 
Condition 7.3) otherwise than as a result of a sale or refinancing of all or certain Student Loans. The Issuer may 
redeem Notes of a Series, in whole or in part, in this way at any time after the Issue Date of those Notes. 
In respect of any Series, the Issuer may effect a sale of all or part of the Relevant Student Loans at any time and 
for the purposes of completing such a sale or refinancing direct the Trustee to release the security over all or a 
proportion of the Relevant Student Loans provided that the proceeds of such sale or refinancing when applied 
by the Issuer in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement Priorities of Payments, are sufficient to redeem the Notes 
of such Series in full (in the case of a sale or refinancing of all the Relevant Student Loans) or in part (in the case

--- Page 45 ---
Page 45 
of a sale or refinancing of a proportion of the Relevant Student Loans), but if in part the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes to be redeemed shall not be of a lesser proportion to the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding than the aggregate amount of the Relevant Student Loans to 
be sold or refinancing bears to the aggregate principal amount of all Relevant Student Loans outstanding and 
then comprised in the Mortgaged Property.  No consent or approval of the Noteholders will be required for a 
sale of Relevant Student Loans in such circumstances, nor for the full or, as the case may be, partial redemption 
of the Notes of the relevant Series in such circumstances. 
The Issuer may convene a meeting of holders of Notes in a Series at any time after the Issue Date to consider a 
proposal by the Issuer to sell all or some of the Relevant Student Loans (the “Proposed Sale Loans”) for a price 
(a “Proposed Price”) which, upon consummation of such sale and application of the amount received by the 
Issuer representing the Proposed Price in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement Priorities of Payments: 
o 
where the Proposed Sale Loans are all of the Relevant Student Loans, would be less than the 
amount required to redeem the Notes of such Series in full; or 
o 
where the Proposed Sale Loans are only some of the Relevant Student Loans would be less than 
the amount required to effect a partial redemption of the Notes of such Series having an 
aggregate principal amount which bears the same proportion to the aggregate principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes of such Series as the aggregate outstanding principal amount 
of the Proposed Sale Loans bears to the aggregate principal amount outstanding of all the 
Relevant Student Loans, 
PROVIDED THAT, in either case, the Proposed Price is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount which, in 
the opinion of the Loan Servicer, the Issuer would receive if: 
o 
it were to hold the Proposed Sale Loans until their maturity; and/or 
o 
the Loan Servicer were to take enforcement action in respect of the Proposed Sale Loans which 
are in default or in respect of which a default may occur in accordance with its Loan 
Management Policy. 
If a sale of all the Relevant Student Loans at the Proposed Price is approved by Extraordinary Resolution the 
Notes of the relevant Series shall be redeemed and cancelled without any further payment by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders upon the application of the sale proceeds by the Issuer in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement 
Priorities of Payments. 
 
BORROWER LIFE INSURANCE COVER 
A Series of Notes will not benefit from group life insurance cover unless specified in the Final Terms for the 
Series. When the Series Final Terms specify that life cover applies to the Series, the required life insurances will 
be put in place by the Loan Originator by way of a group life cover policy. The Loan Originator has available to 
it a group life cover policy underwritten by Sagicor Life, a Lloyds syndicate, which the Loan Originator relies upon 
for a Series only when Borrower life cover requirements is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for that 
Series. 
 
FINANCIAL GUARANTEE 
The Final Terms for a Series will specify whether that Series benefits from a financial guarantee in respect of the 
Borrowers’ obligations under Relevant Student Loans given by an Eligible Institution for that Series or a related 
entity of such an Eligible Institution. If a Series benefits from such a financial guarantee, details of the guarantee 
(including as to the amount of any cap on the guaranteed liabilities and any demand restrictions) and the 
guarantor will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 46 ---
Page 46 
SECURITY 
Each Series of Notes will be secured by first ranking fixed security over the “Mortgaged Property” for that Series 
being comprised of the following: 
i. the Relevant Student Loans backing the Series; 
ii. the Series Account established in respect of that Series; 
iii. the Issuer’s rights, interest and benefit under the transaction documents relating to the Programme to the 
extent that they relate to the particular Series; 
iv. the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the Repayment Account Declaration of Trust (as defined below 
in Section 6 “Loan Servicing Process”) to the extent relating to amounts that represent payments made by 
Borrowers in respect of the Relevant Student Loans. 
If applicable to a Series only, the Issuer’s interest in any Borrower life insurance cover and/or any financial 
guarantee will also be included in the security for such Series. 
Due to the payment of the Origination Fee and the Placing Agency Fee (further details of which are contained in 
Section 12 “Fees and Expenses”) to the Loan Originator and the relevant Placing Agent, the loan to value ratio 
for each Series immediately following the Issue Date may be less than 100%. There is no minimum level of 
collateralisation required under the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
 
GUIDELINE NOTE REPAYMENT SCHEDULE (FOR A 1-YEAR PROGRAMME)  
The guideline schedule for an investment of 100 is shown below based on a Target Interest Rate of 7.03% above 
a Base Rate forward rate curve. In this example, the Grace Period is 12 months (study period) plus 6 months 
(after graduation) and the Repayment Period is 10 years. An early repayment curve based on historic series was 
applied to the Student Loan repayments. There are no repayments for the first 18 months, then payments of 
amortizing principal and interest over the remaining life. More than 50% of principal is returned by year 4. 
 
 
AVERAGE MATURITY  
The nature of the Borrower population means that many Borrowers repay early. Below are principal repayment 
curves based on Prodigy Finance’s historic 1-year study period loans, which start from the Issue Date of the Note, 
rather than when repayments are scheduled to commence. The curves set out the cumulative principal 
repayments with one reflecting scheduled principal repayments only while the other shows the combined 
position for early and scheduled principal repayment.

--- Page 47 ---
Page 47 
 
 
 
Scheduled 
Early & Scheduled 
Year 1 
0%      
0%      
Year 2 
0%      
22%      
Year 3 
0%      
44%      
Year 4 
7%      
60%      
Year 5 
16%      
71%      
Year 6 
27%      
79%      
Year 7 
38%      
85%      
Year 8 
51%      
90%      
Year 9 
65%      
94%      
Year 10 
81%      
97%      
Year 11 
97%      
100%      
Year 12 
100%      
100%      
Weighted 
Average Life 
7.82       
4.21

--- Page 48 ---
Page 48 
4. STUDENT LOAN PROGRAMME FOR 
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS 
 
An innovative solution to address the problems faced by international students. 
The Student Loans are primarily targeted towards students attending post-graduate courses (including PhD and 
master’s degree courses) at leading universities and business schools. Prodigy Finance is also considering 
originating Student Loans which are targeted towards students attending undergraduate courses at leading 
universities and business schools, which courses may in the future constitute Eligible Courses for a particular 
Series. While the Programme has historically been focused on students taking MBA degrees, it also includes 
students attending other courses such as masters’ degrees in science, technology, engineering and mathematics 
(STEM), health care, law and public policy. The programme is generally targeted towards international students 
at these universities. The Final Terms will indicate the Eligible Courses and Eligible Institutions for the relevant 
Series. With respect to each Series, Prodigy Finance (in its capacity as Loan Servicer) may publish information in 
relation to the performance and/or features of Relevant Student Loans from time to time. For more information 
on where to access any such information, please contact investor@prodigyfinance.com.  
Traditional banks struggle to provide a solution in this sector for a few structural reasons: 
• 
Geographic Integration Problems: International students don’t fit neatly into a bank’s existing operations. 
Banks are often structured along national (or even branch) lines rather than regionally or globally which 
makes client integration difficult given the internationally mobile nature of the graduates. Bank’s legal 
models are also based along national lines. 
 
• 
Standardised lending procedures: Group-wide procedures are used for lending products. It is difficult and 
bureaucratic to assess specific populations of students using standard loan products due to diversity of 
background and citizenship. 
 
• 
Historic metrics: Loan scorecards are built on primarily historic metrics i.e. using entry instead of exit salary 
can overestimate affordability risk for student loans. It is difficult to include and assess future potential 
accurately with current lending products. 
 
• 
Market size (by university/tier): Too small for a large bank to justify development of a new, segmented 
product 
There are limited national loan programmes which can be accessed by citizens of a few select countries. 
While scholarships are a vital tool for participants, the economic reality is that only a fraction of a class will be 
able to obtain full scholarships. And even for those participants who have scholarships there is often a significant 
funding gap between, for example, the tuition amount and the total budget which includes living and related 
expenses. Often the only feasible, sustainable source of funding that can fill this gap is a loan. 
 
HOW PRODIGY FINANCE DEVELOPED ITS STUDENT LOAN PROGRAMME 
In 2007, Prodigy Finance launched a platform to solve the challenges inherent in this sector, addressing certain 
key problems for banks in this sector as follows: 
• 
Legal Issues: working with the London office of a leading global law firm, Prodigy Finance designed a legal 
framework that allows for international enforcement of awards globally.

--- Page 49 ---
Page 49 
 
• 
Risk vetting: Prodigy Finance screens every applicant for risk and credit indicators in their home country. 
Banks generally only have the capability to assess credit risk in their home market. 
 
• 
Affordability: it is critical to be able to assess the ability of a prospective Borrower to repay their Student 
Loan post-graduation, as most experience a significant salary boost post-graduation. Using metrics purely 
based on an applicant’s historic salary will overestimate affordability problems, especially severely for 
Borrowers coming from developing countries where salaries can be low in comparison to salaries in 
developed countries. Prodigy Finance has designed a scorecard using thousands of data points allowing 
correlation of entry and exit profiles to make a better assessment of future potential. 
 
• 
Process: Prodigy Finance’s online application process is customised by school and is specifically designed 
to allow applications to be efficiently processed online, with provisional approval given in most cases within 
48 hours of initial application (instead of months as was the case with many banks). 
 
• 
Community Funding: The community nature of the platform, which sources funding from alumni, schools 
and others who are part of the school community network, motivates Borrowers to repay and perhaps 
later to contribute toward Student Loans for future Borrowers. 
 
• 
Expansion beyond MBAs: While Prodigy Finance originally launched its programme for MBAs at leading 
business schools, Prodigy Finance is expanding the model to other courses at leading universities. The 
focus remains on degrees from top universities that feature high employability, but where students 
experience difficulty in securing loan finance. 
 
THE PRODIGY FINANCE CUSTOMER PROFILE 
Prodigy Finance’s customers are a diverse group of individuals from across the world, seeking postgraduate 
education at highly-ranked schools. The average age of Prodigy Finance’s customers is 291, and the average loan 
amount per year of study is USD36,8002. The average median pre-study salary is approximately USD18,0003 and 
this increases to an average of approximately USD90,0004 post-study. 
With regards to programmes attended, 95% of Prodigy's borrowers are enrolled in full-time postgraduate 
programmes and the remaining 5% are enrolled in part-time postgraduate programmes. Business and 
Engineering postgraduate courses account for the majority of the programmes attended at about 47% each 
with the small remainder split between Law, Public Policy, Healthcare and certain Science-related postgraduate 
courses. Courses range from one, to two years’ duration. Students apply for a loan for each period of study 
(typically a year).  Although many apply for a loan for one period of study only, as at May 2022, almost a third of 
borrowers have more than one loan, each relating to a relevant period of study. 
 
 
                                                          
1  Data as of January 2021 based on an in-school loan. 
2  Data as of January 2022 based on in-school loans disbursed in 2021. 
3  Median pre-study salary for Student Loans disbursed in 2019-2020, where the student was employed. 
4  Source: Prodigy Finance borrower survey data, median post-study salary based on post-study data point for approximately 
4,000 graduated borrowers.

--- Page 50 ---
Page 50 
5. LOAN ORIGINATION AND SALE PROCESS 
ASSESSMENT OF LOAN APPLICATIONS BY THE LOAN ORIGINATOR 
The following is a description of the processes and techniques utilised by the Loan Originator to originate the 
Student Loans. 
 
SCORECARD FOR AFFORDABILITY 
The Loan Originator has developed a proprietary scorecard for assessing Student Loan affordability. Simply put 
the scorecard uses years of data on entry and exit profiles of Borrowers to find correlations between the profile 
of a Borrower at entry to the course and his predicted salary at graduation. There are a number of factors that 
impact post-graduation salary and it is important to be able to assess these statistically in order to make a more 
informed Student Loan decision. The Loan Originator's model also takes into account traditional banking factors 
such as salary and debt burden, but using these in isolation is ineffective for many students as they are 
backward-looking indicators used in a decision with imminent future change. 
 
BACKGROUND AND RISK VETTING 
The Loan Originator conducts credit assessment, KYC, AML, sanctions screening, credit bureau and background 
checks on every Student Loan applicant using both experienced credit assessors and secure third-party 
technology services, which draw on global data sources to vet the application. The quality of data varies 
considerably from country to country from comprehensive financial information to more manual checks on 
background, residence, education and employment history. It must be noted that these measures are in 
addition to the application and selection processes which are conducted by the Eligible Institutions which 
generally include standardised testing, interviews and employment references. 
 
LOAN PRICING 
The Loan Originator operates a tiered pricing system based on the results from the scorecard, application details 
and intended course of study. This allows the Loan Originator to price Student Loans competitively for the 
portion of the population who do have access to other sources. As a result, the security pool for a Series consists 
of a mix of risks that can be priced appropriately. The Student Loans are all variable and in respect of each Series 
are pegged to the relevant Base Rate as described in the Final Terms. The Loan Originator will ensure that there 
is a minimum average margin on each pool to ensure that the perfect paydown of Borrowers’ Student Loans 
would be able to meet the Target Interest Rate stated in the Final Terms. 
 
ONLINE APPLICATION AND FINALISATION 
Prodigy Finance’s online application process is customised by school and specifically designed to allow 
applications to be efficiently processed and finalised online. Students sign the loan agreements online with 
geolocation. 
 
COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS 
The Loan Originator, as a firm authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) to carry on regulated 
credit activities, takes steps to ensure that it complies with laws and codes of conduct applicable to it as a result 
of its authorisation, including: 
• 
the UK Consumer Credit Act 1974, as amended, and regulations made under it;

--- Page 51 ---
Page 51 
• 
the UK Consumer Credit (EU Directive) Regulations 2010; 
• 
the FCA Handbook; 
• 
the UK Equality Act 2010; 
• 
the UK Consumer Protection from Unfair Trading Regulations;  
• 
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the General Data Protection Regulation);  
• 
UK anti-money laundering legislation; and 
• 
the British Banking Association (BBA) Lending Code 
 
OVERVIEW OF ORIGINATION AND SALE PROCESS 
For each Series, the Loan Servicer will open an account (the “Series Account”) with HSBC UK Bank Plc (City of 
London Commercial Centre, 28 Borough High Street, London SE1 1YB), or such other bank as may be agreed by 
the Issuer, the Loan Servicer and the Trustee from time to time (the “Account Bank"). The proceeds of each 
Series of Notes will initially be lodged into the Series Account. 
 
During the Acquisition Period of each Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), the proceeds lodged to 
the Series Account will be used by the Issuer to pay Permitted Expenses and acquire Student Loans, where a 
"Student Loan" may be a disbursement of part of a loan made to a Borrower when further loan disbursements 
remain to be made to that Borrower. The Loan Originator disburses the proceeds from the Series Account 
directly to a general designated UK client account and is pre-authorised by the Borrower of the Student Loan to 
transfer the proceeds from the general designated UK client account to the relevant university to the extent 
payable for tuition fees and/or living expenses mandated to be paid directly to the university or third-party 
lender (in the case of a refinancing). 
 
The Issuer may also acquire Student Loans that have already been disbursed by the Loan Originator during the 
Acquisition Period in which case the purchase price (comprising the aggregate outstanding principal and 
accrued and unpaid interest on the relevant Student Loans) would be disbursed from the Series Account and 
transferred to an account designated by the Loan Originator. 
 
During the Acquisition Period, repayments received by the Issuer in respect of Relevant Student Loans may be 
reinvested and used to acquire further Relevant Student Loans which meet the Eligibility Criteria (if applicable).  
 
The Relevant Student Loans will be originated by the Loan Originator pursuant to the terms of a Loan Origination 
Agreement and in accordance with the procedures set out below and the Loan Originator may originate Student 
Loans by lending to the Borrower to finance tuition fees and/or living expenses or repayment by the Borrower 
of a loan borrowed for these purposes (as specified in the Final Terms for the relevant Series). 
 
For each Series, the Loan Originator will originate Student Loans which meet the Eligibility Criteria (as described 
below). The Loan Originator is mandated by the Issuer to originate aggregate Student Loans for each Series in 
an amount approximately equal to the proceeds of the issue of the Notes of that Series, but the Loan Originator 
is not obliged to fulfil this mandate. If the Loan Originator and the Borrower have agreed that a Relevant Student 
Loan will be disbursed in a number of distinct tranches over time, the Issuer may treat the disbursed part of the 
total loan to be made to the Borrower as a "Student Loan" and acquire that disbursed part. The Issuer may also 
purchase subsequent disbursements of the loan to that Borrower if the Issuer has Note proceeds with which to 
make the purchase and that purchase is made during the Acquisition Period. Note proceeds in excess of 
originated Relevant Student Loans are distributed in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments on 
the Payment Date that follows the Acquisition Period.

--- Page 52 ---
Page 52 
 
The Loan Originator will finalise the terms of the Relevant Student Loans following which the Issuer shall acquire 
the Relevant Student Loans. Generally, there will be a significant degree of consistency between loan 
agreements agreed by the Loan Originator for Student Loans, though the Loan Originator may vary terms 
provided that the resulting Relevant Student Loan is consistent with the Eligibility Criteria for the relevant Series 
(if applicable). In particular, the loan agreement for a Student Loan to refinance an existing loan made by third 
party that satisfies the Eligibility Criteria will differ from a loan agreement for a new Student Loan satisfying the 
Eligibility Criteria. Also, a loan agreement for lending into the U.S. will usually include provisions on disclosure 
required for compliance with applicable disclosure rules and conventions there. 
 
The Loan Originator will prepare an eligible student loan notice to the Issuer that sets out details of the Student 
Loans proposed for purchase by the Issuer with the proceeds of issuance of a Series of Notes and/or the 
proceeds of repayment of Relevant Student Loans previously acquired with the proceeds of issuance of such 
Series of Notes, and the purchase price for those Student Loans. On payment of the purchase price by the Issuer, 
the Loan Originator assigns its right, title and interest in the Student Loans and related rights (such as the 
guarantee and life policy rights if specified as applicable to the Series in its Final Terms) to the Issuer in 
accordance with the terms of the LOA (as defined in Section 7 “Legal Structure, Roles and Regulation”). Relevant 
Student Loans may only by purchased by the Issuer during the relevant Acquisition Period. 
 
In respect of any Series of Notes for which “In Specie Subscription” is stated to apply in the relevant Final Terms, 
the proceeds of the relevant Series of Notes may be used by the Issuer to acquire Student Loans made to 
Borrowers who attend the Eligible Institution(s) for that Series notwithstanding that such Student Loans may be 
Impaired Student Loans and/or may not meet all other Eligibility Criteria or comply fully with the Series Final 
Terms (“In Specie Student Loan”). Where such Final Terms also specify an “In Specie Subscription Level”, only In 
Specie Student Loans up to the amount specified as the In Specie Subscription Level may be included in the 
portfolio of Relevant Student Loans related to the relevant Series. 
 
ELIGIBLE INSTITUTIONS AND ELIGIBLE COURSES 
With the proceeds of each Series of Notes, the Issuer will acquire Student Loans granted to Borrowers who have 
attended, are attending, or will attend, as students at one or more Eligible Institutions (as specified in the Series 
Final Terms) in order to participate in an educational course specified as an "Eligible Course" in the Series Final 
Terms. 
 
An “Eligible Institution” means with respect to a Student Loan: 
(a) with respect to a Business Course: an educational institution that is ranked in the top 100 list as 
published by the U.S. News & World Report (or its successor) (the "US News List"), which includes 
the Best Graduate Schools Ranking and Best Global Universities Ranking and the Financial Times 
(or its successor) (the "FT List"), which includes the Global MBA Ranking and European Business 
School Ranking, in any of three years prior to the credit approval date for the Student Loan; and 
(b) with respect to a Non-Business Course: 
i. 
in the case of an educational institution in the U.S.,(A) in the case of a STEM (science, technology, 
engineering, and math) course (including any subclassifications provided subject is within 
Prodigy’s approved fields of study as per the Loan Origination Policy) an educational institution 
that is in the top 200, and (B) in the case of a law, public policy or public affairs, medicine, 
dentistry, nursing and other health sciences Master’s degree course an educational institution 
that is in the top 100, in each case, as published under the US News List in any of the three years

--- Page 53 ---
Page 53 
prior to the credit approval date for the Student Loan (including any subclassifications for 
medicine, nursing and health provided subject is within Prodigy’s approved fields of study as 
per the Loan Origination Policy); and 
ii. 
in the case of an educational institution that is not in the U.S., (A) in the case of a STEM (science, 
technology, engineering, and math) course (including any subclassifications provided subject is 
within Prodigy’s approved fields of study as per the Loan Origination Policy), and (B) in the case 
of a law, public policy or public affairs, medicine, dentistry, nursing, and other health sciences 
Master’s degree course in the top 100 degree courses as published under the FT List or the US 
News List, in any of the three years prior to the credit approval date for the Student Loan. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, reference to an "Eligible Institution" includes that Eligible Institution and each school, 
college and other educational establishment comprised in that Eligible Institution. 
It is anticipated that some Series will focus on Eligible Course(s) at a particular Eligible Institution while other 
Series will permit the Loan Originator to originate Student Loans with reference to Eligible Courses at one, some 
or all Eligible Institutions. 
 
LOAN ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA 
Relevant Student Loans will need to meet the Eligibility Criteria (unless “In Specie Subscription” is stated to apply 
to the relevant Series in the applicable Final Terms). Specifically, for each Series, all Relevant Student Loans must 
be made within the loan originations policy adopted by the Loan Originator as referred to in the Loan Origination 
Agreement ("LOA") (the “Loan Originations Policy”). 
Under the terms of the LOA, the Loan Originator has discretion with respect to the terms of the Loan 
Originations Policy it adopts subject to the requirement that all Student Loans which it originates must comply 
with the following criteria (the “Eligibility Criteria”): 
• 
Each Borrower must be accepted into an "Eligible Course" at an "Eligible Institution". 
• 
Each Borrower must meet the Loan Originator's affordability criteria. 
• 
The Loan Originator must be satisfied with the results of a credit bureau or background check on each 
Borrower. 
• 
Each Borrower must be a resident of an "Eligible Country", which shall be described in the Loan 
Originations Policy. 
• 
The Loan Originator must receive valid proof of identity and residence for each Borrower. 
• 
The loan must be denominated in the same currency as the relevant Series of Notes. 
• 
For a Student Loan that refinances an existing third party loan borrowed by the Borrower, the Borrower 
must use or have used the loan to be refinanced for the purposes of tuition fees and/or living expenses 
associated with the Borrower's enrolment as a student in an Eligible Course at an Eligible Institution and 
the Student Loan must be used to repay the loan borrowed for that purpose. 
The Loan Originator has discretion on how it will regulate other criteria in the Loan Originations Policy that it 
adopts. For example, in deciding on whether Borrower residence or citizenship is relevant for a Series, the Loan 
Originator will have regard to whether the Borrower is a resident or citizen of a country that permits the Loan 
Originator to conduct its business there and allows for the recognition and enforcement of foreign awards; but 
the Loan Originator may permit residents or citizens from other countries to borrow Student Loans. 
It is anticipated that some Series may focus on Borrowers coming from countries from a particular geographical 
region, while other Series may include Borrowers from a wide range of countries and regions. The Final Terms 
for a Series will specify any such applicable geographical concentration requirements. 
The Loan Originator charges each Borrower an administration fee to cover costs associated with verifying 
eligibility and that fee is added to the Borrower's Student Loan balance.

--- Page 54 ---
Page 54 
 
OVERCAPITALISATION  
For each Series, the Loan Originator forecasts the amount of Relevant Student Loans it anticipates will be 
disbursed based on its interactions with potential borrowers prior to the Series Issue Date. However, the Loan 
Originator is not required to have in place any legally binding agreements with Borrowers in respect of any 
Student Loans when the Series Issue Date occurs. Accordingly it may disburse less Student Loans than 
anticipated. Conversely, for a number of existing Series, actual demand for Student Loans eligible as Relevant 
Student Loans for that Series has exceeded that anticipated by the Loan Originator. With a view to servicing 
excess demand without the cost of issuing an additional Tranche of the relevant Series, the Issuer may elect to 
issue an initial Tranche with an aggregate nominal amount in excess of the anticipated aggregate principal 
amount of Relevant Student Loans.  
In such cases the Issuer will specify an applicable "Overcapitalisation Level" in the Final Terms for a Series to 
indicate that it has identified a particular level of demand from potential Borrowers for Relevant Student Loans 
at the Issue Date but has issued the relevant Tranche of such Series of Notes in an aggregate nominal amount 
that is greater than the aggregate principal amount of such Relevant Student Loans (such excess amount as a 
percentage of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Tranche being the specified Overcapitalisation 
Level), in anticipation of there being further demand for Relevant Student Loans meeting the specified Eligibility 
Criteria from Borrowers during the Acquisition Period. Any amounts which represent the proceeds of an issue 
of the relevant Tranche which the Issuer has not utilised during the Acquisition Period to pay Permitted Expenses 
and/or purchase Relevant Student Loans will be repaid to Noteholders on a pro rata basis towards redemption 
of the Notes in accordance with the Priorities of Payments on the Payment Date that follows the Acquisition 
Period.  
 
STUDENT LOAN EXCHANGES 
The Loan Originator may recommend that the Issuer exchanges Relevant Student Loan(s) included in the 
Mortgaged Property for a Series for other Student Loan(s) that satisfy the applicable Eligibility Criteria (if 
applicable) and the section of the Final Terms entitled “Provisions relating to Student Loans”. The Issuer may 
then direct the Trustee to execute any document required to release the Relevant Student Loan(s) being 
replaced from the security created by the Trust Deed for such Series and take a first charge over those 
replacement Student Loan(s) which the Trustee is obliged to do provided the Loan Originator has confirmed to 
the Issuer in writing (with a copy to the Trustee) that the replacement Student Loans meet the conditions 
specified in Condition 9.13 (Exchange).

--- Page 55 ---
Page 55 
6. LOAN SERVICING PROCESS 
 
COLLECTION OF PAYMENTS 
Under the terms of the Loan Servicing Agreement (“LSA”), the Loan Servicer has agreed to service and manage 
the Relevant Student Loans for each Series of Notes in accordance with its loan management policy (the “Loan 
Management Policy”).  The Loan Management Policy is included in the LSA and any material amendments, 
alterations or modifications to the Loan Management Policy must be agreed between the Loan Servicer and the 
Issuer, provided that the Loan Servicer shall be entitled in its own absolute discretion to make changes to the 
content of the Loan Management Policy to the extent required by applicable law or in order to give effect to 
practices being adopted generally by lenders in the business of making loans to consumers. 
The Loan Management Policy affords the Loan Servicer discretion with respect to many aspects of the servicing 
and management of the Relevant Student Loans.  The Loan Servicer is permitted to make amendments to the 
terms of the Relevant Student Loans in accordance with the Loan Management Policy.  If required, the Loan 
Servicer may arrange for legal (but not beneficial) title to a Relevant Student Loan to be transferred to the Loan 
Originator for the purpose of agreeing an amendment to the terms of such Relevant Student Loan with the 
relevant Borrower thereof.  In such cases, the Loan Servicer will procure the re-transfer to the Issuer of such 
legal title upon conclusion of any such amendment. 
Collection of repayments from Borrowers will be managed by the Loan Servicer. The LSA provides that the Loan 
Servicer and/or the Issuer can appoint payment service providers, subsidiary loan servicers or special purpose 
entities established to hold repayment amounts prior to same being transferred to the relevant Series Account 
and/or establish local accounts and Borrowers may be directed to make repayments to an account maintained 
by such a payment service provider, subsidiary loan servicer or special purpose entity or to a local account prior 
to such amount being transferred to the relevant Series Account.  
The Loan Servicer has appointed Prodigy Repayments Limited as “Repayment Account Holder” pursuant to a 
repayment servicing agreement dated 9 October 2018 between the Loan Servicer and Prodigy Repayments 
Limited (the “Repayment Servicing Agreement”) . Prodigy Repayments Limited is a special purpose entity 
established to hold repayment amounts from borrowers before such amounts are transferred to the relevant 
loan owners.  In the case of payments relating to Relevant Student Loans purchased by the Issuer, such amounts 
are transferred to the relevant Series Account. Pursuant to the terms of the Repayments Servicing Agreement, 
Prodigy Repayments Limited is required to transfer all sums received from Borrowers to the relevant Series 
Account(s) within the timeframes required pursuant to the LSA. Pursuant to the Back-up Repayment Servicing 
Agreement dated 28 June 2021, Prodigy Repayments Limited as “Repayment Account Holder” appointed Equiniti 
Gateway Limited as “Back-Up Repayment Servicer” to  provide certain back-up services in respect of the services 
to be provided under the Repayment Servicing Agreement. Pursuant to a Repayment Account Declaration of 
Trust dated 9 October 2018, as supplemented from time to time, between, amongst others, Prodigy Repayments 
Limited as “Repayment Account Holder” and “Trustee” and the Issuer as “Funding Beneficiary” (the “Repayment 
Account Declaration of Trust”), Prodigy Repayments Limited has declared a trust in favour of the Issuer over 
amounts held by it from time to time that represent payments received from Borrowers in respect of the Student 
Loans. Such amounts are held by Prodigy Repayments Limited in collection accounts held by it along with other 
amounts in respect of which other entities (as funding beneficiaries) have a beneficial interest pursuant to the 
terms of the Repayment Account Declaration of Trust, before being transferred to the relevant Series Accounts. 
The Loan Servicer is required to ensure that all Relevant Student Loan repayments by the Borrowers are 
aggregated into the relevant Series Accounts held at the Account Bank.

--- Page 56 ---
Page 56 
On each Payment Date, the Principal Paying Agent, following instruction by the Calculation Agent, will wire 
amounts of payable interest and principal to Noteholders either directly or through the Clearing System 
depending on the form of the Note. 
 
PAYMENT ALLOCATION 
All payments that the Loan Servicer receives on Student Loans are applied by the Loan Servicer in discharge of 
obligations then owing by the student Borrower in respect of the Student Loan in the order described in the 
Loan Management Policy scheduled to the LSA. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreements, Borrowers agree to discharge legal expenses reasonably 
incurred by the Loan Servicer in relation to their Student Loan, and the Loan Servicer manages recovery of those 
costs from the student Borrowers in accordance with the Loan Management Policy and subject to any recovery 
restrictions under applicable laws and regulations. 
 
AGEING OF LOANS 
The Loan Servicer ages loans through delinquency and default stages using industry standard methodology, 
which involves calculating the Days Past Due that a loan is delinquent, reporting on delinquency and 
implementing collections and enforcement policies for delinquent loans that are specified in the Loan 
Management Policy. 
 
DEFAULT MANAGEMENT AND ENFORCEMENT 
In order to reduce the risk of default by Borrowers, the Loan Servicer will apply risk management techniques 
during the collections process, which may include a renegotiation of the terms of Relevant Student Loans. 
The LSA stipulates that where default occurs on a Relevant Student Loan, the Loan Servicer will have discretion 
whether to enforce payment of that Relevant Student Loan or write it off, and that that discretion will be 
exercised by the Loan Servicer after having regard to the Loan Management Policy agreed with the Issuer and 
scheduled to the LSA. Where the Loan Servicer decides to enforce payment of a defaulted Relevant Student 
Loan, the Loan Servicer or its appointed representative will be responsible for issuing default notices against 
the Borrower in default and is permitted to take such action on behalf of the Issuer as it considers necessary to 
recover outstanding amounts. 
The Loan Servicer is also responsible for monitoring the overall level of repayments for Relevant Student Loans 
and enforcing the terms of any associated financial guarantees in respect of the Relevant Student Loans, if 
applicable. As an aspect of its repayment management role, the Loan Servicer is responsible for ensuring that 
all payments received on Relevant Student Loans (including any written off Student Loans) are ultimately paid 
or transferred to the relevant Series Account for that Series for application in accordance with the relevant 
Priorities of Payments. 
The Loan Servicer is authorised by the Issuer to establish a temporary payment arrangement in order to help a 
Borrower unable to pay Relevant Student Loan obligations. The circumstances in which the Loan Servicer will 
consider agreeing a temporary arrangement with a student Borrower include financial and technical challenges 
affecting the Borrower's ability to make repayment. The Loan Servicer is responsible for monitoring entry into 
a temporary payment arrangement and exit from it and the number of Relevant Student Loans that are subject 
to temporary payment arrangements, which monitoring is carried out in accordance with the Loan Management 
Policy.

--- Page 57 ---
Page 57 
Prodigy Finance may also offer, in line with its forbearance policy and UK FCA regulation, permanent relief for 
eligible Borrowers who are willing to pay but cannot afford their contracted instalments and are unlikely to do 
so for the remainder of the term of their Student Loans.  For these Borrowers, Prodigy Finance may modify their 
Student Loans by increasing the term to maturity and thereby reducing the monthly contractual instalment, or 
by agreeing to alternative repayment schedules based on expected future income increases, in order for the 
Borrowers to afford their loans.  
In the event the Loan Servicer confirms to the Issuer and the Trustee that there is no realistic prospect of 
collecting further funds from Borrowers of the outstanding Relevant Student Loans in accordance with its Loan 
Management Policy, the Issuer shall so notify the Noteholders of the relevant Series in accordance with 
Condition 16. Following distribution of any funds then standing to the credit of the Series Account in accordance 
with the applicable Priorities of Payments, all Notes of the relevant Series shall thereupon be redeemed and 
cancelled and the rights of the Noteholders to receive any further amounts in respect of the Notes shall be 
extinguished. 
 
STUDY EXTENSIONS 
The Loan Servicer has discretion to amend the terms of a Relevant Student Loan where the student Borrower 
proposes to defer study or undertake an additional period of study. Where the student Borrower proposes to 
defer study for more than 12 months, the student Borrower is considered to have terminated studies. Where a 
student Borrower opts to defer for up to 12 months or to extend studies (for example, by taking an additional 
year to complete a master of advanced management), the Loan Servicer is authorised to agree an additional 
Grace Period for the student Borrower of up to 12 additional months. Typically Grace Periods end six months 
after course completion.  
 
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS 
As a firm authorised by the UK FCA to carry on regulated credit activities, the Loan Servicer complies with rules 
and principles set out in the FCA Handbook including the Consumer Credit Source Book (CONC). 
US State Servicer Licensing 
Based on the advice of its US regulatory counsel, Prodigy identified the licenses required for it to conduct 
servicing and/or collection services in each of the 50 US states and the District of Columbia for the loans to US 
resident borrowers.  Licensing requirements vary from state to state in that some require no licenses, others 
require either servicing or collection licenses, and the remainder require both servicing and collection licenses. 
Prodigy applied for all of the licenses it believes it needs to conduct its servicing and collection activities in the 
US.  The majority of the licenses have been issued by the various state regulators, with only a small number 
pending finalization.  Prodigy follows a conservative approach to only originating loans for US residents in states 
where it is legally authorised to originate and service loans. For the states with pending license applications, 
Prodigy can generally rely on mitigating factors, such as the "de minimis" defense in that it did not affirmatively 
seek to engage in servicing or collection activity in these states, but needed to continue to do so as the borrowers 
happened to move to these states post-graduation. 
Prodigy has worked with its US counsel to ensure that its servicing and collections templates, policies and 
procedures are compliant with US federal and state law requirements, as applicable. When obtaining a 
particular state servicing license requires the introduction of bespoke documents, or the amendment of existing 
ones, Prodigy has made the necessary adjustments prior to submitting its license application.  Prodigy has a 
team focusing on US licensing and compliance and works closely with its US regulatory counsel to identify new 
and pending legislation.

--- Page 58 ---
Page 58 
SURPLUS FUNDS 
If any Series of Notes is redeemed in full and there are still excess funds available in the relevant Series Account 
following payment of all amounts due in respect of such Series, the Priorities of Payments stipulates that the 
Issuer shall use such surplus to, amongst other things, discharge fees and expenses relating to any other Series 
to the extent there are insufficient funds in the relevant Series Account to discharge same. As a result, Prodigy 
Finance may benefit from early redemption of a Series.

--- Page 59 ---
Page 59 
7. LEGAL STRUCTURE, ROLES AND REGULATION 
 
THE LOAN ORIGINATOR AND LOAN SERVICER 
Prodigy Finance has been appointed by the Issuer to act as the “Loan Originator” and “Loan Servicer”. Prodigy 
Finance is incorporated in the United Kingdom (Company Number 5912562), holds a permission from the 
Financial Conduct Authority to carry on regulated credit activities (under firm reference number 709641), and is 
an ICO registered data controller (Reg. No. Z9851854) with a registered office at Palladium House, 1-4 Argyll 
Street, London, W1F 7LD, United Kingdom. Prodigy Finance has not been appointed to provide, and does not 
provide, services regarding or relating to the offering or placing of Notes of any Series to be issued under this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
The Issuer may elect to appoint other loan originators to replace Prodigy Finance or in addition to Prodigy 
Finance, for example, where regulatory, commercial or other concerns in the place where loans will be 
originated make it necessary or desirable for those loans to be originated other than by Prodigy Finance. Should 
any such appointment be made, the Issuer will assign by way of security to the Trustee its rights under the 
agreement by which the appointment is made with respect to any Series to which the appointment relates. 
 
In addition, the Issuer may elect to appoint professional and reputable loan servicers and managers to carry out 
loan servicing and management on the Relevant Student Loans held with respect to a Series of Notes in addition 
to or in replacement of Prodigy Finance. Should the Issuer do so, the Issuer will assign its rights under the 
agreement by which the appointment is made to the Trustee by way of security in respect of any Series to which 
the appointment relates. 
 
As a firm authorized by the FCA to carry on regulated activities, Prodigy Finance complies with principles set 
forth in the FCA Rules, including the FCA Consumer Credit Source Book (CONC) and the Lending Code – Lending 
Standards Board (LSB) best practice with due care for its obligations to carry on responsible lending; treating 
customers fairly, affordability and vulnerability.  In the U.S., Prodigy currently holds servicing licenses in 17 states 
and has applications pending in 13 additional states.  Further applications for servicing licenses may follow in 
due course.  Prodigy Finance holds all relevant licenses under the Consumer Credit Act 1974 of England and 
Wales, as amended.  Prodigy Finance services and manages Student Loans in accordance with the Prodigy Loan 
Management Policy (see further Section 6 “Loan Servicing Process”). 
 
Prodigy Finance is a provider of postgraduate international student loan financing and was established based 
upon the principle that access to such financing should be borderless and merit-based.  Prodigy Finance only 
lends to finance postgraduate Masters and MBA courses.  Prodigy Finance lends across borders based on a 
customer's future earning potential, enabling individuals to have access to financing for postgraduate education 
without the requirement for collateral or a creditworthy co-obligor. 
 
Prodigy Finance believes that talented young individuals across the globe should have access to financing to 
study at a high-ranking university of their choice.  Many of Prodigy Finance’s borrowers have limited, or no other, 
viable financing options for their cost of international postgraduate education5.  Prodigy enables equitable 
access to financing and education for borrowers from low- and middle-income socioeconomic backgrounds, 
                                                          
5  As per Prodigy's Ten Year Impact Report, 89% of respondents had no other financing options for their postgraduate degrees.

--- Page 60 ---
Page 60 
and borrowers who cannot otherwise afford the cost of their education.  In 2020, 35% of loans disbursed by 
Prodigy Finance were to individuals earning, at the time of disbursement, salaries of less than USD15,000 per 
year. 
 
To date, Prodigy Finance has financed more than 22,500 students from across the world and has funded in 
excess of USD1.2 billion of education loans in aggregate.  More than 80% of these borrowers have come from 
low- and middle-income countries6. Prodigy Finance provides loan financing to residents of 186 jurisdictions for 
postgraduate courses at over 800 highly-ranked schools within the subjects of Business, Engineering, Science, 
Law, Public Affairs and Healthcare.   
 
See further section 4 “Student Loan Programme for International Students”. 
 
The Loan Origination Agreement ("LOA") 
The Issuer has appointed Prodigy Finance under the LOA to originate Student Loans in accordance with the 
Eligibility Criteria. 
 
The principal responsibilities of Prodigy Finance under the LOA are as follows: 
1. The origination of Student Loans which meet the Eligibility Criteria outlined in the Loan Originations Policy 
scheduled to the LOA;  
2. The management of loan disbursements to Borrowers on acquired Student Loans; and 
3. Identifying opportunities to sell Student Loans or borrow on the security of them with a view to redeeming 
Notes secured by them at any time after the Issue Date of the Notes. 
 
The Loan Originations Policy outlines the rules and guidelines for approval of all loans originated by Prodigy 
Finance. It covers the credit risk guidelines for the origination and credit approval process. It summarises the 
framework for evaluating circumstances of each student borrower to arrive at a loan expected to be appropriate 
and within risk appetite for that student borrower. Before lending any money, Prodigy Finance will assess 
whether a student borrower will be able to repay the loan proposed in a sustainable manner, including 
considering the potential for the borrowing to adversely impact the financial situation of the student borrower, 
information from Credit Reference Agencies (CRAs), and existing financial commitments of the student borrower, 
where provided. 
 
Prodigy Finance may from time to time engage third parties to assist it in the performance of its functions under 
the LOA, but Prodigy Finance remains responsible for the performance of its obligations under the LOA so that 
Prodigy Finance's liability to the Issuer will be unchanged by delegation. 
 
Term and termination  
The LOA continues until terminated by either party. Either party may terminate the LOA following a material 
breach by the other party of its obligations which it fails to remedy within a period of 30 days. In certain 
circumstances, such as the insolvency of either party or either party ceasing to carry on business, the LOA will 
terminate without notice. The Issuer will then promptly appoint a replacement loan originator. Prodigy Finance 
may not resign its duties as Loan Originator where duties remain to be performed by Prodigy Finance in respect 
of any Series unless a replacement acceptable to the Issuer has been appointed to carry out those duties and 
has been enabled to do so. 
                                                          
6  As per the World Bank classification.

--- Page 61 ---
Page 61 
 
Fees and expenses 
Prodigy Finance is entitled to recover fees, costs and expenses from the Issuer as set out in the LOA. 
 
Limitation of liability  
The LOA provides that Prodigy Finance shall not be liable for any loss or damage howsoever suffered by the 
Issuer due to the default of a Borrower except insofar as such losses arise as a result of negligence, wilful default 
or fraud of Prodigy Finance. 
 
Indemnities 
Each party has agreed to indemnify the other party against any and all claims, actions, losses, damages, costs 
and expenses (including reasonable legal costs and expenses) made or claimed by any third party arising out of 
or in relation to any breach by it of any of its obligations under the LOA. 
 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
The LOA is governed by and construed in accordance with English Law. 
 
The Loan Servicing Agreement ("LSA") 
The Issuer has appointed Prodigy Finance under the LSA to service, on behalf of the Issuer, the Relevant Student 
Loans acquired by the Issuer and to manage and enforce repayment of those Relevant Student Loans. The 
principal responsibilities of Prodigy Finance under the LSA are as follows: 
 
1. Monthly management of payments by Borrowers under the Relevant Student Loans; 
2. Liaising with Borrowers with respect to their Relevant Student Loans generally and negotiating and 
agreeing amended Relevant Student Loan terms to the extent that amendments agreed are consistent with 
the requirements for a Relevant Student Loan for the relevant Series as set out in the Final Terms of that 
Series; 
3. Applying risk management techniques to reduce the probability of default; 
4. Managing defaults, deciding whether to enforce or write off a defaulted Relevant Student Loan and 
pursuing enforcement procedures in respect of a Relevant Student Loan where appropriate; and 
5. Enforcing the rights of the Issuer under the terms of any financial guarantee in relation to the Relevant 
Student Loans, if applicable. 
 
Prodigy Finance carries out these responsibilities having regard to a Loan Management Policy agreed with the 
Issuer, which is scheduled to the LSA. The Loan Management Policy sets out permitted policy positions on loan 
repayment, loan status classification, arrears management, forbearance, enforcement, bankruptcy, IVAs 
(Insolvency Voluntary Arrangements), debt relief orders, deceased estates, disputed debt, responsible lending 
and vulnerable Borrowers as well as communication standards. 
 
Prodigy Finance may from time to time engage third parties to assist it in the performance of its functions under 
the LSA and the Issuer may elect to appoint additional or replacement loan servicer(s) and manager(s). 
Notwithstanding any such arrangements, Prodigy Finance remains responsible for the performance of its 
obligations under the LSA and its obligations and liabilities to the Issuer will be unchanged by delegation. Prodigy 
Finance is assisted by its wholly owned subsidiary Prodigy Finance Pty Ltd (South Africa) which provides back 
office and administration support to Prodigy Finance.

--- Page 62 ---
Page 62 
With respect to each Series, Prodigy Finance may publish information in relation to the performance and/or 
features of Relevant Student Loans from time to time. For more information on where to access any such 
information, please contact investor@prodigyfinance.com.  
 
Term and Termination 
The LSA continues until terminated by either party. Either party may terminate the LSA following a material 
breach by the other party of its obligations which it fails to remedy within a period of 30 days. In certain 
circumstances such as the insolvency of either party, either party ceasing to carry on business or the Loan 
Servicer ceasing to be authorised to provide services under the LSA, the LSA will terminate without notice. The 
Issuer will then promptly appoint a replacement loan servicer and manager, and the LSA contemplates that the 
Issuer and Prodigy Finance may enter into an agreement with a reputable loan servicer and manager to replace 
Prodigy Finance on its insolvency prior to a termination circumstance arising if Prodigy Finance discharges 
expenses resulting from that agreement from its existing fee entitlements. Prodigy Finance may not resign from 
its duties as Loan Servicer without a replacement having been duly appointed. 
 
Fees and Expenses 
Prodigy Finance is entitled to recover fees, costs and expenses from the Issuer as set out in the LSA (which may 
be paid by the Issuer in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments in priority to payments to 
Noteholders). Prodigy Finance has the additional right to recover reasonable costs, charges and expenses, 
including legal fees, from the Borrower on the Issuer's behalf for any and all work made necessary by the acts 
and omissions of any Borrower, and arising from the administration and enforcement of any Eligible Loan.  
 
Prodigy Finance may, at its discretion, pay fees and expenses relating to the administration and enforcement of 
Relevant Student Loans and subsequently seek to recover same from the Issuer or request payment of such 
fees and expenses directly by the Issuer, in each case as a “Permitted Expense” (which may be paid by the Issuer 
in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments in priority to payments to Noteholders of the relevant 
Series). Should Prodigy Finance subsequently recover amounts representing such fees and expenses from a 
Borrower, it is obliged to reimburse the Issuer by transferring the relevant amount to the relevant Series 
Account(s). 
 
The Issuer may transfer to the Loan Servicer any amount representing the Servicing Fee due to the Loan Servicer 
from the Series Account on any date. 
 
Limitation of Liability 
The LSA provides that Prodigy Finance shall not be liable for any loss or damage howsoever suffered by the 
Issuer due to the default of a Borrower except insofar as such losses arise as a result of negligence, wilful default 
or fraud of Prodigy Finance. 
 
Indemnities 
Each party has agreed to indemnify the other party against any and all claims, actions, losses, damages, costs 
and expenses (including reasonable legal costs and expenses) made or claimed by any third party arising out of 
or in relation to any breach by it of any of its obligations under the LSA. 
 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The LSA is governed by and construed in accordance with English Law.

--- Page 63 ---
Page 63 
THE BACK-UP SERVICER 
The Issuer has appointed Equiniti Gateway Limited (the “Back-Up Servicer”) to act as back-up servicer with 
respect to the Relevant Student Loans pursuant to a back-up servicing agreement dated 10 September 2021 
between the Issuer, the Back-Up Servicer and the Loan Servicer (the “Back-Up Servicing Agreement”).  In the 
event the appointment of the Loan Servicer is terminated, the Back-Up Servicer is required to provide loan 
management and administration services with respect to the Relevant Student Loans securing each Series 
issued prior to its appointment in accordance with the terms of a replacement servicing agreement, the form of 
which is scheduled to the Back-Up Servicing Agreement. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Back-Up Servicing Agreement, the Back-Up Servicer is permitted to delegate 
performance of any of its functions provided, amongst other things, the Issuer is party to any agreement 
pursuant to which the Back-Up Servicer does so.  
 
APPOINTMENT OF PLACING AGENTS AND PLACING AGENT AGREEMENTS 
 
The Issuer may from time to time appoint one or more entities, including Prodigy Services Limited (“Prodigy 
Services”), as placing agent with respect to specific Series of Notes.  Any such entity so appointed with respect 
to a Series of Notes (each a “Placing Agent” and together, the “Placing Agents”) will be identified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer will enter into a placing agency agreement with each Placing Agent in such 
form and having such terms and conditions as it may agree with the relevant Placing Agent. 
 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND AGENTS 
The Principal Paying Agent and Registrar 
Société Générale Luxembourg (“SGBT”) acts as principal paying agent and registrar on behalf of the Issuer 
pursuant to agency agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) in respect of Notes which have been accepted to the 
respective book-entry systems of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and which are represented by Global 
Certificates. 
 
In relation to any Notes which are admitted to an alternative clearing system or which are issued outside of a 
clearing system, an additional paying agent and registrar will be appointed and notified to investors. 
 
SGBT is a corporation registered in the Luxembourg Registry of Trade and Companies under number B 6061, 
whose registered office is at 11 avenue emile reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg and is licensed and supervised by the 
Luxembourg Authority CSSF 110, route d'Arlon, L-2991 Luxembourg. 
 
 
The Transfer Agent and Calculation Agent  
Prodigy Finance acts as Transfer Agent and Calculation Agent on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement. As Calculation Agent, Prodigy Finance determines interest rates and amounts payable under the 
Notes and notifies Noteholders of such rates and amounts. 
 
Removal and resignation of an Agent 
The Issuer may, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, remove any of the Principal Paying Agent, 
Registrar, Transfer Agent or Calculation Agent (together, the “Agents”) at any time by giving at least 60 days' prior 
written notice to the relevant Agent, which notice shall expire at least 30 days before or after the due date for 
payment of any Notes.

--- Page 64 ---
Page 64 
 
Each Agent may, with the prior consent of the Trustee, resign its appointment at any time by giving the Issuer 
at least 60 days’ prior notice to that effect, which notice shall expire at least 30 days before or 30 days after any 
due date for payment of any Notes. 
 
No such resignation or termination shall take effect until a new Principal Paying Agent, Registrar, Calculation 
Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, has been appointed. 
 
Indemnification 
The Agency Agreement provides that the Issuer shall indemnify each Agent (together with such Agent’s directors, 
officers, employees and controlling persons) against any loss, liability, cost, claim, action, demand, taxes 
(including stamp duty and any applicable value added tax) or expense (including, but not limited to, all 
reasonable costs, charges and expenses paid or incurred in disputing or defending any of the foregoing) that 
such Agent may incur or that may be made against such Agent arising out of or in relation to or in connection 
with its appointment or the exercise of its functions, except such as may result from a breach by such Agent of 
the Agency Agreement or fraud, negligence, bad faith or wilful default of such Agent or that of its officers, 
employees or agents. 
 
Each Agent shall severally indemnify the Issuer and, on enforcement, the Trustee against any loss, liability, cost, 
claim, action, demand or expense (including but not limited to, all reasonable costs, charges and expenses paid 
or incurred in disputing or defending any of the foregoing) that the Issuer or the Trustee may incur or that may 
be made against it as a result of such Agent’s fraud, negligence, bad faith or wilful default or that of its officers, 
employees or agents. 
 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland. 
 
 
THE CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER 
Apex IFS Limited of 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, Ireland acts as Corporate 
Services Provider of the Issuer pursuant to a corporate services agreement (the “Corporate Services Agreement”). 
Its duties include the provision of certain management, administrative, accounting and related services. 
 
Either party may terminate the Corporate Services Agreement upon not less than 90 days' written notice to the 
other party. Either party may terminate the Corporate Services Agreement by notice to the other party in certain 
circumstances such as following a material breach by the other party of its obligations which it fails to remedy 
within a period of 30 days, the insolvency of the other party or the other party ceasing to carry on business. 
 
 
THE TRUSTEE 
Apex Corporate Trustees (UK) Limited, acting through its office at 6th Floor, 140 London Wall, London, EC2Y 5DN, 
United Kingdom acts as trustee in respect of each Series of Notes under the terms of the Supplemental Trust 
Deed for each Series entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee, and incorporating in each case the terms 
of the Principal Trust Deed (the “Trustee”). The Trustee will hold the benefit of the security granted by the Issuer

--- Page 65 ---
Page 65 
over the Mortgaged Property on trust for the secured parties and will hold the Issuer’s payment and other 
covenants and obligations in respect of the Notes on trust for the Noteholders. 
 
The Trustee may retire by giving the Issuer not less than 60 days’ written notice or the Trustee may be removed 
by the Issuer on giving not less than 60 days’ written notice. If a successor trustee is not duly appointed within 
60 calendar days from the date of notice of retirement, the Trustee itself shall have the right to nominate a 
successor trustee but no such appointment shall take effect unless previously approved by a resolution of the 
Noteholders and the retirement or removal of any such trustee shall not become effective until a successor 
trustee is appointed. 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
General 
The Issuer, MBA Community Loans Plc, was incorporated on 22 July 2010 as a public limited liability company 
under the Irish Companies Act 1963 (as amended) with registered number 486917 and is now subject to the 
requirements of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended). The registered office of the Issuer is 2nd Floor, Block 
5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, Ireland, and its telephone number is +353 (0)1 224 0418. 
 
The Directors of the Issuer are Lisa Hand and Ciaran Connolly. Lisa Hand and Ciaran Connolly are of Apex IFS 
Limited, 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, Ireland. The Directors of the Issuer 
have no activities outside the Issuer which are significant with respect to the Issuer. The Issuer was incorporated 
with authorised share capital of €40,000 divided into 40,000 ordinary shares with par value of €1 each. The 
issued share capital of the Issuer is €40,000, €40,000 of which has been paid up. 
 
Details of Shareholdings 
All of the 40,000 issued shares of the Issuer are held by Apex Trust Nominees No. 1 Limited (the “Share Trustee”), 
which is a company incorporated in England and Wales. Under the terms of a declaration of trust made by the 
Share Trustee (the “Declaration of Trust”), the Share Trustee holds the benefit of the shares on trust for charity. 
Under the terms of the Declaration of Trust, the Share Trustee has, inter alia, covenanted not, without the 
approval of the Trustee and Noteholders to dispose of or otherwise deal with the shares whilst any of the Notes 
remain outstanding. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in and derives no benefit other than its fees 
for acting as Share Trustee, from its holding of the shares. 
 
Corporate Objectives 
The corporate objectives of the Issuer are set out in Clause 3 of its Memorandum of Association (as amended 
from time to time) and include, inter alia, carrying on the business of financing and re-financing, the purchasing, 
acquiring, dealing, engaging or otherwise trading in any financial asset including, without limitation, student 
loans. 
 
Business 
The Issuer was established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing debt instruments and does 
not undertake any business other than the acquisition, holding, financing, selling, hedging and granting of 
security over its assets, the investment thereof, the issue and redemption of the debt instruments and other 
related transactions, and will not issue any further shares, declare any dividends, have any subsidiaries, merge

--- Page 66 ---
Page 66 
with or be voluntarily acquired by any other entity, or give any guarantee and, so long as any of the Notes 
remains outstanding and the Programme continues, the Issuer will not petition for winding-up or bankruptcy. 
 
The Notes are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of any other party. 
 
Financial Statements 
The Issuer commenced operations on 22 July 2010. The financial year of the Issuer begins on 8 July of each year 
and ends on 7 July of the following year. Audited financial statements for the years ended 7 July 2020 and 7 July 
2021 and unaudited financial statements for the six-month period ended 7 January 2022 have been approved 
by the Board of Directors and are incorporated herein. The audited financial statements of the Issuer are 
prepared in accordance with international financial reporting standards within the meaning of, and as adopted 
in accordance with, Regulation (EU) No. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 July 2002 
("IFRS"). 
 
The Issuer publishes annual financial statements and interim financial statements. The Issuer does not have any 
subsidiaries and will not produce consolidated accounts. Completed financial statements will be available from 
the registered office of the Issuer. 
 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers at 1 Spencer Dock, North Wall Quay, IFSC, Dublin 1, 
Ireland, chartered accountants and registered auditors, who are qualified and registered to practise in Ireland. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers is regulated by and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers were the auditors of the Issuer for the financial year ended 7 July 2020 and for the 
financial year ended 7 July 2021. 
 
STRUCTURE CHART 
Below is a structure chart which illustrates the structure of and parties to the Programme.

--- Page 67 ---
Page 67 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Guarantor 
If applicable  
Borrowers 
Payment Service 
Series Account 
Series of Notes 
MBA Community 
Loans PLC  
(THE ISSUER) 
 
Prodigy Finance Limited 
Loan Originator, Loan Servicer,        
Calculation Agent and Transfer 
Agent 
Apex IFS Limited 
Corporate Services 
Provider 
 
Societe Generale Bank & 
Trust 
Apex Corporate Trustees 
(UK) Limited 
Representative of the 
Noteholders 
Guarantee Payments 
Repayments via  
collection channels 
Payments on the Notes  
i
h
i
Subscription  
d
Issue of Notes  
Purchase Price 
Acquisition of  
Student Loans 
Services 
Services 
Services 
Security 
Equiniti Gateway 
Limited 
Back-up Servicer 
Services

--- Page 68 ---
Page 68 
8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the Conditions) that, subject to completion in accordance 
with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes of each Series. These Conditions 
will only apply to Notes issued on or after the date of this Base Prospectus. Either (a) the full text of these 
Conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (b) these Conditions as so completed (and 
subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on, or attached to, the 
Global Certificate representing a Series or if applicable, on the Individual Certificates representing a Series of 
Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the 
relevant Final Terms and the Trust Deed. Save where the context requires otherwise, references in the 
Conditions to Notes are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. Statements included in italics do not form part of the Conditions. 
 
Each Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes constituted by an Amended and Restated Principal Trust 
Deed dated 7 November 2022 (as further amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time as at the 
date of issue of the Notes (the Issue Date)), the Principal Trust Deed) between the Issuer and Apex Corporate 
Trustees (UK) Limited (the Trustee which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or 
trustees under the Principal Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below), and as further 
supplemented by a supplemental trust deed in respect of the relevant Series (the Supplemental Trust Deed). 
The Principal Trust Deed as supplemented by the Supplemental Trust Deed is hereinafter referred to as the 
Trust Deed.  
An Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 21 August 2018 (as amended, restated and/or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date, the Agency Agreement) has been entered into in relation to the Notes 
between the Issuer, the Trustee and Prodigy Finance Ltd (Prodigy Finance) as transfer agent (in such capacity 
the Transfer Agent, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents) and as 
calculation agent (in such capacity, the Calculation Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
calculation agent) and Société Générale Luxembourg as principal paying agent (in such capacity the Principal 
Paying Agent, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and as registrar (in such 
capacity the Registrar, which expression shall include any additional or successor registrars). 
The statements in these terms and conditions (the Conditions) include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the other Transaction Documents (as defined herein). 
Copies of the Constitution of the Issuer and the Principal Trust Deed are available on the website of Prodigy 
Finance at https://prodigyfinance.com/social-impact/invest/.  The Noteholders are entitled to the benefit of, are 
bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all provisions of the Transaction Documents applicable to them. 
The Final Terms for the Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) is attached to, or endorsed on, the Certificate(s) 
representing the Notes. References in these Conditions to the applicable Final Terms or the relevant Final Terms 
are to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to, or endorsed on, the Certificate(s) 
representing the Notes. 
Any reference herein to “Notes”, “Notes of this Series” or “this Series of Notes” shall be to the Series of Notes 
represented by the Certificate(s) on which these Conditions are endorsed or to which these Conditions are 
attached, as completed in each case by the applicable Final Terms, and any reference herein to “all Series of 
Notes” or “Notes of all Series” shall be to all Notes of all Series that remain outstanding (as defined in the Trust 
Deed).

--- Page 69 ---
Page 69 
 
 
1. DEFINITIONS 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings 
set out below: 
 
Accrued Interest Balance  
means, with respect to a Calculation Date, any interest accrued in prior 
Interest Periods but not yet paid to Noteholders plus the then Current 
Interest Amount. 
Acquisition Period  
means, with respect to the Notes, the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.   
Additional Payment Dates 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.3. 
Agency Agreement 
means the amended and restated agency agreement entered into on 21 
August 2018 pursuant to which the Issuer has appointed the Principal Paying 
Agent, Calculation Agent, the Transfer Agent and the Registrar to undertake 
certain functions in relation to the Notes, as modified and/or supplemented 
from time to time, or any other similar agreement entered into by the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Transfer Agent and the 
Registrar from time to time with the prior written approval of the Trustee. 
Agents 
means the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the 
Transfer Agent and the Calculation Agent. 
Appointee  
means any attorney, manager, agent, delegate, nominee, custodian or other 
person appointed by the Trustee under the Trust Deed. 
Auditors 
means the auditors for the time being of the Issuer or such firm of 
accountants as may be nominated by the Issuer and approved in writing by 
the Trustee or, in the event of failure by the Issuer to nominate such firm 
within a reasonable period of time, as may be nominated by the Trustee. 
Back-Up Servicer 
Equiniti Gateway Limited and/or such other person as is appointed as a 
replacement or additional back-up servicer by the Issuer from time to time 
and notified to the Trustee. 
Back-Up Servicing Agreement 
means:  
(a) the Back-Up Servicing Agreement entered into between the Issuer, 
the Loan Servicer and the Back-up Servicer on 10 September 2021 
(as amended and/or restated from time to time) to the extent 
applicable to the provision of back-up services by the Back-Up 
Servicer with respect to the Student Loans; and 
(b) any other agreement by which a person is appointed as back-up 
servicer of the Student Loans.

--- Page 70 ---
Page 70 
Bank of England Base Rate 
means the interest rate that the Bank of England charges banks for secured 
overnight lending. 
Base Rate 
means the applicable variable base rate as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms which shall be one of EURIBOR, Term SONIA, Term SOFR, the Wall 
Street Journal Prime Rate or the Bank of England Base Rate or any 
replacement therefor, determined in accordance with Condition 5.3.   
Borrower  
means each borrower under a Student Loan.   
Business Day 
means a day: (a) other than a Saturday or Sunday on which Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are operating; and (b) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in the city of the Principal 
Paying Agent’s specified office; and (c) (if a payment is to be made on that 
day) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in the principal financial centre for the currency of the payment or, 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is operating. 
Calculation Agent 
means Prodigy Finance or such other person as is appointed as a 
replacement or additional calculation agent by the Issuer from time to time 
and approved by the Trustee. 
Calculation Date 
means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 8th day 
of each calendar month.   
Certificates  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3. 
Corporate Services Agreement means the amended and restated corporate services agreement dated 29 
March 2011 as novated pursuant to a novation agreement dated 2 March 
2012 (and as further amended and/or restated from time to time) pursuant 
to which the Issuer has appointed the Corporate Services Provider to 
undertake certain administrative functions in relation to the Issuer and any 
other similar agreement entered into by the Issuer and Corporate Services 
Provider from time to time with the prior written approval of the Trustee. 
Corporate Services Provider 
means Apex IFS Limited or such other person as is appointed as a 
replacement or additional corporate services provider by the Issuer from 
time to time and notified to the Trustee.

--- Page 71 ---
Page 71 
Current Interest Amount 
means, with respect to a Calculation Date, an amount of interest due for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period, calculated as follows: 
Target Interest Rate X Notional Principal Amount X Target Day Count 
Fraction. 
provided that the Target Day Count Fraction shall be calculated in respect of 
the number of days in the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
Directors 
means the directors for the time being of the Issuer. 
Early Repayment Amounts 
means any amounts received by the Issuer from the Borrower(s) as 
payment(s) of principal and/or interest on Student Loans that are credited to 
the Series Account during the Acquisition Period. 
Eligible Course 
means each course offered at an Eligible Institution that is specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Eligible Institution 
means with respect to a Student Loan: 
(a) 
with respect to a Business Course: an educational institution that is 
ranked in the top 100 list as published by the U.S. News & World Report (or 
its successor) (the "US News List"), which includes the Best Grad Schools 
Ranking and Best Global Universities Ranking and the Financial Times (or its 
successor) (the "FT List"), which includes the Global MBA Ranking and 
European Business School Ranking, in any of three years prior to the credit 
approval date for the Student Loan; and 
(b) 
with respect to a Non-Business Course: 
i. 
in the case of an educational institution in the U.S., (A) in the case of 
a STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) course (including any 
subclassifications provided subject is within Prodigy’s approved fields of 
study as per the Loan Origination Policy) an educational institution that is in 
the top 200, and (B) in the case of a law, public policy or public affairs, 
medicine, dentistry, nursing and other health sciences Master’s degree 
course an educational institution that is in the top 100, in each case, as 
published under the US News List in any of the three years prior to the credit 
approval date for the Student Loan (including any subclassifications for 
medicine, nursing and health provided subject is within Prodigy’s approved 
fields of study as per the Loan Origination Policy); and

--- Page 72 ---
Page 72 
ii. 
in the case of an educational institution that is not in the U.S., (A) in 
the case of a STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) course 
(including any subclassifications provided subject is within Prodigy’s 
approved fields of study as per the Loan Origination Policy), and (B) in the 
case of a law, public policy or public affairs, medicine, dentistry, nursing, and 
other health sciences Master’s degree course in the top 100 degree courses 
as published under the FT List or the US News List, in any of the three years 
prior to the credit approval date for the Student Loan. 
Eligibility Criteria  
the eligibility criteria applicable to the origination of Student Loans as set out 
in the Loan Originations Policy.   
EURIBOR 
means the European Inter Bank Offered Rate. 
Events of Default  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
Extraordinary Resolution  
has the meaning given to it in paragraph 1 of the third schedule to the 
Principal Trust Deed. 
Financial Guarantee 
means, if “Financial Guarantee” is stated as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the financial guarantee provided by the Financial Guarantor in 
respect of the obligations of the Borrowers under all or some only of the 
Student Loans.   
Financial Guarantor 
means, if “Financial Guarantee” is stated as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Eligible Institution, that is specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or a related entity of such an Eligible Institution (or Eligible 
Institutions that are specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or related 
entities of such Eligible Institutions) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
Holder  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.5. 
Impaired Student Loans 
means Student Loans that have delinquency, arrears or default status on the 
date such Student Loans are acquired by the Issuer pursuant to the terms of 
the then current Loan Management Policy of the Loan Servicer. 
Interest Period  
means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Calculation Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) a Calculation Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the following Calculation Date, provided that the 
final Interest Period shall end on the Maturity Date (but subject to Condition

--- Page 73 ---
Page 73 
7.3, if applicable) or such earlier date on which the Notes are redeemed in 
full.   
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Issue Date 
means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.   
Issue Price 
means 100 per cent. of the principal amount or such other price as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
LOA 
means: 
(a) the amended and restated Loan Origination Agreement entered into 
between the Issuer and the Loan Originator on 7 November 2022 (as 
further amended and/or restated from time to time) to the extent 
loans are acquired under it with the proceeds of the Notes; and 
(b) 
any other agreement by which the Issuer appoints any person as 
originator of loans to be acquired with the proceeds of the Notes. 
Loan Originations Policy 
means the credit approval criteria as adopted from time to time by the Loan 
Originator and applicable to the origination of the Student Loans, the form 
of which is scheduled to the LOA (as same may be amended in accordance 
with the LOA). 
Loan Originator 
Prodigy Finance or such other person as is appointed as a replacement or 
additional loan originator by the Issuer from time to time and notified to the 
Trustee.  
Loan Servicer 
Prodigy Finance or such other person as is appointed as a replacement or 
additional loan servicer and manager by the Issuer from time to time and 
notified to the Trustee. 
LSA 
means: 
(a) the amended and restated Loan Servicing Agreement entered into 
between the Issuer and the Loan Servicer on 7 November 2022 (as 
further amended and/or restated from time to time) to the extent 
applicable to the servicing by the Loan Servicer of the Student Loans; 
and 
(b) 
any other agreement by which the Issuer appoints a person as 
servicer of the Student Loans and including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, an agreement appointing a person as replacement loan

--- Page 74 ---
Page 74 
servicer for a current Loan Servicer should a termination 
circumstance occur with respect to the current Loan Servicer. 
Margin 
Maturity Date 
means the percentage rate per annum specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
Condition 7.2. 
Minimum Denomination 
means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.   
Minimum Trading Amount 
means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mortgaged Property  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.1.   
Notes 
means all the Notes of a particular Series.   
Noteholder (and Holder)  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.5. 
Notional Principal Amount  
means for each Calculation Date, the outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes together with any unpaid interest amounts in respect of any prior 
Interest Periods excluding the immediately preceding Interest Period.   
Overcapitalisation Level 
means the percentage rate (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.   
Paying Agents  
means the Principal Paying Agent and such further or other paying agents as 
may be appointed by the Issuer from time to time.   
Payment Date  
means each Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Permitted Borrower Countries means the countries specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Permitted Expenses 
means all expenses incurred by the Issuer or for which provision is made by 
the Issuer in its discretion in connection with the issue of all its Notes of all 
Series, including those fees, expenses and other amounts payable by the 
Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, 
the Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Corporate Services Provider, 
the Trustee, the Placing Agents, the Back-Up Servicer, the Loan Originator 
and the Loan Servicer under the agreements appointing them (as such 
agreements may be amended from time to time in accordance with their 
terms), amounts required to be paid by the Issuer to indemnify the Placing 
Agents pursuant to the Placing Agency Agreements, the Loan Originator 
pursuant to the LOA, the Loan Servicer pursuant to the LSA, the Back-Up 
Servicer pursuant to the Back-Up Servicing Agreement, the Trustee pursuant

--- Page 75 ---
Page 75 
to the Trust Deed, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Calculation 
Agent and the Transfer Agent pursuant to the Agency Agreement, and the 
Corporate Services Provider pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement, 
brokers’ fees and expenses incurred in connection with the placement of 
Notes, auditors’ fees and expenses, legal fees and expenses, including those 
incurred in respect of a defaulting borrower and any enforcement costs, 
Directors’ fees and expenses, any Irish statutory or regulatory fee, reserve, 
tax, charge or expense and all costs and expenses associated with the 
administration, dissolution and liquidation of the Issuer. 
Placing Agency Agreement 
means any placing agent agreement by which the Issuer appoints a person 
to provide placing services for Notes. 
Placing Agent 
means one or more persons appointed by the Issuer as “Placing Agent” in 
respect of Notes issued under the Programme and notified to the Trustee. 
Post-Maturity Repayment 
Period 
means, where the Maturity Date is postponed in accordance with Condition 
7.2, the period commencing on the date specified in the Final Terms as the 
scheduled Maturity Date and ending on the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed in full. 
Principal Paying Agent 
means Société Générale Luxembourg, acting as principal paying agent with 
respect to the Notes pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
Priorities of Payments  
means the Pre-Enforcement Priorities of Payments and the Post-
Enforcement Priorities of Payments, as set out in Conditions 4.3 and 4.4 
respectively, and Priorities of Payments means either of them, as the context 
requires.   
Ranked Eligible Institutions 
means if “Eligible Institutions Concentration Ranking” is stated to apply in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Eligible Institutions that meet the Ranking Criteria 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Ranked Percentage 
means if “Eligible Institutions Concentration Ranking” is stated to apply in the 
applicable Final Terms, the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Ranking Criteria 
means if “Eligible Institutions Concentration Ranking” is stated to apply in the 
applicable Final Terms, the criteria specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 76 ---
Page 76 
Record Date  
means the Business Day immediately before the due date for payment by 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
Redemption Amount 
means in respect of the Notes at any time, the aggregate principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes together with any Accrued Interest Balance 
thereon calculated as at the immediately preceding Calculation Date.   
Register  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.4. 
Registrar 
means Société Générale Luxembourg or such other person as may be 
appointed as a replacement or additional registrar in respect of the Notes by 
the Issuer and approved by the Trustee from time to time and notice of 
whose appointment has been given to the Noteholders. 
Repayment Account 
Declaration of Trust 
means the repayment account declaration of trust dated 9 October 2018 
between, amongst others, the funding beneficiaries named therein, 
including the Issuer, Prodigy Repayments Limited as repayment account 
holder and trustee and Prodigy Finance as repayment servicer (as amended 
and/or restated from time to time). 
Requisite Gender Percentage 
means, if “Gender Concentration” is stated to apply in the applicable Final 
Terms, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Requisite Impaired Loan 
Percentage 
means, if “Impaired Student Loans” is stated to apply in the applicable Final 
Terms, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Date 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 10 (Prescription). 
Relevant Sums 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 18.5 (Limited Recourse and Non-
petition). 
Relevant Time 
means 4.00pm London time.   
Restricted Borrower Countries  means the countries specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Secured Parties 
means, with respect to the Series, the Holders, the Trustee, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Transfer Agent, the Registrar, the 
Placing Agent(s), the Loan Originator, the Loan Servicer, the Corporate 
Services Provider and each other party from time to time to the Transaction 
Documents (other than the Issuer, the Back-Up Servicer, the Financial 
Guarantor and the parties to the Repayment Account Declaration of Trust in 
their capacities as such). 
Security  
means, with respect to the Notes, the security constituted by the Trust Deed.

--- Page 77 ---
Page 77 
Series 
means the original issue of Notes by the Issuer together with any further 
issues expressed to form a single issue with the original issue (each a 
Tranche) and the terms of which are (save for the first payment of interest, 
Issue Date, Acquisition Period, Interest Commencement Date and/or the 
Issue Price) otherwise identical and which are consolidated and form a single 
series and shall be deemed to include the Global Certificates and any 
Individual Certificates and the expressions “Notes of the relevant Series” and 
“holders of Notes of the relevant Series” and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Series Account 
means the account opened by the Loan Servicer on behalf of the Issuer as 
the series account for the Notes with HSBC UK Bank Plc or such other bank 
as may be agreed by the Issuer, the Loan Servicer and the Trustee from time 
to time (being the “Account Bank”). 
Specified Currency  
means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Student Loans 
means the loans to Borrowers originated by the Loan Originator and 
acquired by the Issuer and which are comprised in the Mortgaged Property 
for the Notes. 
Target Day Count Fraction  
means in respect of the calculation of any interest on the Notes for any 
Interest Period, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
where the Base Rate is Term SOFR or Term SONIA, such fraction as the 
Calculation Agent determines in accordance with market convention is 
required to determine the Current Interest Balance for the relevant Interest 
Period, and in all other cases the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction=  
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 78 ---
Page 78 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30.  
Target Interest Rate  
means the target interest rate as specified in the Final Terms (which shall be 
the aggregate of the applicable Base Rate and the applicable Margin 
specified in the Final Terms) as determined by the Calculation Agent 
employing such methodology as it determines is appropriate at or about the 
Relevant Time on the Target Interest Rate Determination Date for the 
Interest Period. For the purposes of making this determination, the Base 
Rate shall be (subject to Condition 5.3):  
i. 
in respect of EURIBOR, as appearing on the Thomson Reuters screen 
(or any replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) 
or on the appropriate page of such other information service which 
publishes that rate from time to time in place of Thomson Reuters or, 
if no such service is available, the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted 
by major banks selected by the Calculation Agent, as at the Relevant 
Time on the Target Interest Rate Determination Date; 
ii. 
in respect of the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate, as appearing in the 
Wall Street Journal;  
iii. 
in respect of the Bank of England Base Rate, as published on the Bank 
of England website; 
iv. 
in respect of Term SOFR, as published by CME Group Benchmark 
Administration Limited (or any other person which takes over the 
administration of that rate); 
v. 
in respect of Term SONIA, as published by ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (or any other person which takes over the 
administration of that rate); or 
vi. 
if the rate resulting from paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) of this 
definition is negative, the Base Rate shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 79 ---
Page 79 
Target Interest Rate 
Determination Date 
means with respect to any Interest Period, the date(s) specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified whichever of the 
following dates immediately precedes the beginning of that Interest Period: 
the 8th day of January; the 8th day of April; the 8th day of July; or the 8th day 
of October, provided that if any such day is not a Business Day, the preceding 
Business Day shall be designated as the Target Interest Rate Determination 
Date. 
Term SOFR 
means the forward-looking term reference rate for a designated period 
derived from the US Dollar Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) 
published by the New York Federal Reserve Bank, which is calculated and 
published by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (or any 
successor administrator of that rate). 
Term SONIA 
means the forward-looking term reference rate for a designated period 
derived from the Sterling overnight index average (SONIA) rate published by 
the Bank of England, which is calculated and published by ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (or any successor administrator of that rate). 
Transaction Documents 
means the Agency Agreement, the LOA, the LSA, the Back-Up Servicing 
Agreement, the Placing Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed, the Corporate 
Services Agreement, the Financial Guarantee (if applicable) and the 
Repayment Account Declaration of Trust.  
Transfer Agent 
means Prodigy Finance or such other person as may be appointed as a 
replacement or additional Transfer Agent by the Issuer from time to time 
and notice of whose appointment has been given to the relevant 
Noteholders and the Trustee. 
Wall Street Journal Prime Rate means the average base rate as published by the Wall Street Journal at which 
prime banks in the U.S. are willing to lend funds in US Dollars to prime 
clients. 
2. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
2.1 Notes will be sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. Notes will be 
sold in the U.S. or to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) who qualify as “accredited investors” under 
Rule 506(b) or Rule 506(c) of Regulation D, as applicable. The Notes will be issued in registered form in the 
Specified Currency and in integral multiples of the Minimum Denomination specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to a minimum holding requirement for each Noteholder of the Minimum Trading Amount. 
The Notes shall be subject to the section of the Base Prospectus of the Issuer dated 7 November 2022 (the 
“Base Prospectus”) entitled “Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
 
2.2 The Notes are floating rate Notes.

--- Page 80 ---
Page 80 
2.3 Subject to the section of the Base Prospectus entitled “Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while 
in Global Form”, Notes of the same Series will be represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, 
save as provided in the Conditions, each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes 
of a Series by the same Holder. 
 
2.4 Title to the Notes shall pass by registration in the register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the 
Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by 
a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder of any Note shall be deemed to be and 
may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its 
theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder. 
 
2.5 Subject to Condition 2.6, in these Conditions, “Noteholder” and “Holder” mean the person in whose name 
a Note is registered and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms, 
the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
 
2.6 For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (other than Clearstream, Luxembourg, if Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be an 
accountholder of Euroclear and Euroclear, if Euroclear shall be an accountholder of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate 
or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such 
Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the 
case of manifest error) shall be deemed to be the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amounts of such 
Notes, the rights to which shall be vested, as against the Issuer and the Trustee, solely in such common 
depositary and for which purpose such common depositary shall be deemed to be the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to its terms and the provisions of the 
relevant Global Certificate and the expressions “holder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly.  In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal 
amount of Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or 
information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all 
concerned. 
 
2.7 Notes which are represented by a Global Certificate will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any relevant additional or alternative clearing system. 
 
3. 
TRANSFERS OF NOTES 
3.1 Transfer of Notes  
 
The Notes shall be tradable only in principal amounts of at least the Minimum Trading Amount (provided 
that following any transfer, the Notes retained by the transferor must be equal to at least the Minimum 
Trading Amount) and in integral multiples of the Minimum Denomination thereafter, subject to the transfer 
restrictions applicable to such Notes as set forth in such Notes, upon the surrender (at the specified office 
of the Registrar or Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Notes to be transferred, together 
with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate duly completed and executed and any other 
evidence or documentation that the Issuer, Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case

--- Page 81 ---
Page 81 
of a transfer of part only of a holding of Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be 
issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. 
 
The transfer restrictions applicable to Notes are described in the section of the Base Prospectus entitled 
“Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions” and as set forth in such Notes. 
 
3.2 Delivery of New Certificates 
 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 3.1 shall be available for delivery within three 
business days of receipt of the form of transfer plus any other evidence or documentation that the Issuer, 
Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be mailed by 
uninsured post at the risk of the Holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so 
specified, unless such Holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent the costs of 
such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 3.2, business day 
means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the 
specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
 
3.3 Exchange Free of Charge 
 
Transfers of Notes and Certificates on registration or transfer shall be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, but upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity 
as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require) of any tax or other governmental charges that 
may be imposed in relation to it. 
 
3.4 Closed Periods 
 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending 
on either (a) a Payment Date; or (b) the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) after any such Note has 
been called for redemption. 
 
4. 
SECURITY, PRIORITIES OF PAYMENTS AND STATUS 
4.1 Security 
 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Deed and the Notes are secured by first ranking security 
interests over certain assets owned by the Issuer and as specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed (the 
“Mortgaged Property”). 
 
4.2 Payments during the Acquisition Period 
 
Subject to the Notes being redeemed early in accordance with these Conditions, during the Acquisition 
Period the Issuer shall procure that the proceeds of the issuance of the Notes, the proceeds of sale or 
refinancing of Student Loans (if applicable) and any Early Repayment Amounts are applied only as 
contemplated by Condition 9 (Student Loans) and to pay Permitted Expenses which are due during that 
period and not for any other purpose. 
 
4.3 Priorities of Payments prior to the enforcement of the Security.  
 
Following the Acquisition Period and prior to the enforcement of the security constituted by the Trust Deed, 
payments shall be made by the Issuer on each Payment Date (and any Additional Payment Date) from

--- Page 82 ---
Page 82 
funds standing to the credit of the relevant Series Account in accordance with the following order of priority 
(the “Pre-Enforcement Priorities of Payments”) as follows: 
 
i. 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the Notes’ pro rata portion of all amounts then due and 
unpaid under Clause 13 of the Principal Trust Deed to the Trustee and/or any permitted 
appointee of the Trustee; 
ii. 
second, in or towards the payment of the Notes’ profit amount of €100 to the Issuer, which 
shall be retained by the Issuer and shall be available for distribution to its shareholders 
subject to applicable law; 
iii. 
third, in or towards payment of the Notes’ pro rata portion of any amounts owed by the 
Issuer to the Irish tax authorities and required to be paid by the Issuer; 
iv. 
fourth, in or towards payment or discharge of the Notes’ pro rata portion of all amounts 
which are due to the Loan Servicer pursuant to the LSA (including amounts due to the Loan 
Servicer to reimburse it for Permitted Expenses it has paid on behalf of the Issuer and in 
respect of which it has issued a written request to the Issuer for reimbursement); 
v. 
fifth, where the balance then remaining available for distribution is less than the Threshold 
Amount, in retention of that balance as a payment reserve to be applied in accordance with 
the applicable Priorities of Payments on the next Payment Date (or Additional Payment 
Date) after that Payment Date (or Additional Payment Date); 
vi. 
sixth, pro rata and pari passu to the Noteholders in or towards the payment or discharge 
of all amounts of interest then due and payable under or in respect of Notes in an amount 
up to the Accrued Interest Balance;  
vii. seventh, pro rata and pari passu to the Noteholders in or towards the repayment or 
discharge of all amounts of principal and any other amounts then due and payable under 
or in respect of the Notes;  
viii. eighth, pro rata and pari passu in or towards (a) reimbursement of the Loan Servicer for 
the Notes’ pro rata portion of Permitted Expenses paid by the Loan Servicer on behalf of 
the Issuer and for which the Loan Servicer has not been reimbursed under paragraph (iii) 
above and (b) payment or discharge of the Notes’ pro rata portion of Permitted Expenses 
incurred by the Issuer and not paid by the Loan Servicer on behalf of the Issuer; and 
ix. 
ninth, following the release of the security over the relevant Series Account, the Issuer shall 
authorise the Loan Servicer to apply the balance (if any) on the Series Account (a) firstly, in 
reimbursement of the Loan Servicer for any Permitted Expenses paid by the Loan Servicer 
on behalf of the Issuer and for which the Loan Servicer has not been reimbursed from 
funds credited to other Series Accounts applied in accordance with the Priorities of 
Payments applicable to the disbursement of such funds in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of such other Series as a consequence of a lack of available funds and (b) 
secondly, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards payment or discharge of unpaid Permitted 
Expenses not discharged from funds credited to other Series Accounts applied in 
accordance with the Priorities of Payments applicable to the disbursement of such funds 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of such other Series as a consequence of a 
lack of available funds, and (c) thereafter, any surplus shall be retained by the Issuer. 
 
PROVIDED THAT on any date on which a distribution is to be made where the proceeds available 
for distribution are sufficient to pay in full all amounts then owing under paragraphs (i) to (iv) above

--- Page 83 ---
Page 83 
and the balance remaining for distribution exceeds the Threshold Amount, the Issuer shall apply 
such balance in accordance with paragraphs (vi) to (ix) above and shall disregard paragraph (v). 
4.4 Priorities of Payments from Available Funds following the Enforcement of Security.  
 
Subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Trustee shall retain all moneys received by it under the 
Trust Deed in connection with the realisation or enforcement of the security constituted thereby on trust 
to apply them in the following order of priority (the “Post-Enforcement Priorities of Payments”): 
 
i. 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the Notes’ pro rata portion of the fees, costs, charges, 
expenses and liabilities incurred by or payable to the Trustee or any receiver in preparing 
and executing the trusts under the Trust Deed (including the costs of realising any Security 
and the Trustee’s or receiver’s remuneration); 
ii. 
second, in or towards the payment of the Notes’ profit amount of €100 to the Issuer, which 
shall be retained by the Issuer and available for distribution to its shareholders subject to 
applicable law; 
iii. 
third, in or towards payment of the Notes’ pro rata portion of any amounts owed by the 
Issuer to the Irish tax authorities and required to be paid by the Issuer; 
iv. 
fourth, in or towards payment or discharge of the Notes’ pro rata portion of all amounts 
which are due to the Loan Servicer pursuant to the LSA (including amounts due to the Loan 
Servicer to reimburse it for Permitted Expenses it has paid on behalf of the Issuer and in 
respect of which it has issued a written request to the Issuer to be reimbursed); 
v. 
fifth, pro rata and pari passu in or towards (a) reimbursement of the Loan Servicer for the 
Notes’ pro rata portion of Permitted Expenses paid by the Loan Servicer on behalf of the 
Issuer and for which the Loan Servicer has not been reimbursed under item (iii) above and 
(b) payment or discharge of the Notes’ pro rata portion of Permitted Expenses not paid by 
the Loan Servicer on behalf of the Issuer; 
vi. 
sixth, pro rata and pari passu to the Noteholders in or towards the payment or discharge 
of all amounts of interest then due and payable under or in respect of the Notes in an 
amount up to the Accrued Interest Balance; 
vii. 
seventh, pro rata and pari passu to the Noteholders in or towards the payment or 
discharge of all amounts of principal and any other amounts then due and payable under 
or in respect of the Notes; and 
viii. 
eighth, thereafter, the balance (if any) standing to the credit of the Series Account shall be 
applied (a) firstly, in reimbursement of the Loan Servicer for any Permitted Expenses paid 
by the Loan Servicer on behalf of the Issuer and for which the Loan Servicer has not been 
reimbursed from funds credited to other Series Accounts applied in accordance with the 
Priorities of Payments applicable to the disbursement of such funds in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of such other Series as a consequence of a lack of available funds 
and (b) secondly, pro rata and pari passu, in or towards payment or discharge of unpaid 
Permitted Expenses not discharged from funds credited to other Series Accounts applied 
in accordance with the Priorities of Payments applicable to the disbursement of such funds 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of such other Series as a consequence of a 
lack of available funds, and (c) thereafter, any surplus shall be retained by the Issuer. 
4.5 In respect of Conditions 4.3 and 4.4 above, where any reference is made to the Notes’  pro  rata portion of 
any amount at any time, such pro rata portion shall be determined by or on behalf of the Issuer (i) based 
on the ratio of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes at such time to the then aggregate

--- Page 84 ---
Page 84 
outstanding principal amount of all Series (including the Notes) except where the amount is a Permitted 
Expense relating to one or more (but not relating to all) Series; (ii) where the amount is a Permitted Expense 
relating to one or more (but not relating to all) Series including the Notes, based on the ratio of the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes to the outstanding aggregate principal amount of all 
of those Series (including the Notes) to which the Permitted Expense relates; or (iii) where the Permitted 
Expense does not relate to the Notes, as zero. 
 
4.6 The Notes are direct, limited recourse and secured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and 
without preference among themselves and ahead of all unsecured obligations of the Issuer and are secured 
in the manner described in Condition 4.1. 
 
5. 
INTEREST AND PRINCIPAL  
INTEREST 
5.1 Interest shall accrue on the Notes from the Interest Commencement Date and shall be payable on each 
Payment Date on an available funds basis, such amount being paid in accordance with the applicable 
Priorities of Payments in an amount up to the Accrued Interest Balance for such Payment Date. Interest 
shall cease to accrue on the Notes at the end of the Interest Period immediately preceding the scheduled 
Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or (if earlier) any other date on which the Notes are 
fully redeemed in accordance with these Conditions. Interest shall not accrue during the Post-Maturity 
Repayment Period however amounts representing interest that accrued prior to the commencement of 
the Post-Maturity Repayment Period will be paid by the Issuer on an available funds basis on Additional 
Payment Dates, subject to and in accordance with Condition 7.3. 
 
MANDATORY PRINCIPAL REPAYMENTS 
5.2 On each Payment Date and, if applicable, each Additional Payment Date, the Notes shall be redeemed in 
part in an aggregate amount equal to the amount available for repayment of outstanding principal in 
accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. Should the amount available for repayment of 
outstanding principal in accordance with this Condition 5.2 be equal to or greater than the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes on any Payment Date or Additional Payment Date, the Notes shall be redeemed 
in full and cancelled on that Payment Date or Additional Payment Date, as appropriate, without any prior 
notice to Holders.  
 
BASE RATE REPLACEMENT 
5.3 In the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer: 
 
i. shall (upon the instruction of the Calculation Agent), instruct the Trustee to make such adjustment(s) 
and amendments to the Conditions of the Notes (which the Trustee shall implement, subject to 
Condition 5.6) as the Calculation Agent has determined appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion 
to account for the relevant event or circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustment(s) and 
amendments may include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustment(s) and 
amendments to the Conditions of the Notes including where applicable to reflect any increased costs 
of the Issuer providing exposure to the successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one 
successor benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor 
benchmarks; or  
ii. may, on giving notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 16, redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes at their the Notional Principal Amount on the last Calculation Date and no further interest 
(if applicable) will accrue or be payable in respect of the period since the immediately preceding 
Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date.

--- Page 85 ---
Page 85 
5.4 For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other Conditions of the 
Notes. In the event that under any such terms any other consequences could apply in relation to an event 
or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall determine which terms 
shall apply in its sole and absolute discretion.  
 
5.5 The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Holders in accordance with Condition 16 of any 
adjustment(s) made pursuant to Condition 5.3(i) above, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, 
such notice shall not affect the validity of such adjustment(s). 
 
5.6 When implementing any amendments to the Conditions pursuant to Condition 5.3 (Base Rate 
Replacement), neither the Trustee nor the Calculation Agent shall consider the interests of the Holders, any 
other Secured Parties or any other person and the Trustee shall act and rely solely and without further 
investigation on any instruction provided to it pursuant to Condition 5.3, nor shall the Trustee or the 
Calculation Agent be liable to the Holders, any other Secured Party or any other person for so acting or 
relying, irrespective of whether any such amendment is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of 
any such person. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5: 
 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, in relation to any Benchmark, the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a Rejection Event or a Suspension/Withdrawal 
Event, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
“Benchmark” means any figure which is a benchmark as defined in BMR and where any amount payable or 
deliverable under the Notes, or the value of the Notes, is determined by reference in whole or in part to 
such figure, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
“Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event” means, in respect of a Benchmark, any of the following has 
occurred or will occur:  
i. 
any material change in such Benchmark; 
ii. 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; or 
iii. a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark. 
“BMR” means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) and the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018.  
 
“Non-Approval Event” means, in respect of a Benchmark: 
i. any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect 
of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been or will not be 
obtained; 
ii. the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been or will not be included 
in an official register; or 
iii. the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark does not or will not fulfil any legal 
or regulatory requirement applicable to the Notes, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Benchmark, 
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. For the avoidance 
of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not occur if the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the 
Benchmark has not been or will not be included in an official register because its authorisation, registration,

--- Page 86 ---
Page 86 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended if, at the time of such 
suspension, the continued provision and use of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Notes under 
the applicable law or regulation during the period of such suspension. 
 
“Rejection Event” means, in respect of the Benchmark, the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body rejects or refuses or will reject or refuse any application for authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register which, in each 
case, is required in relation to the Notes, the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark 
under any applicable law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to 
perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
 
“Suspension/Withdrawal Event” means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
i. the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws or will suspend 
or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or 
approval in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark which is 
required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes; or 
ii. the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is or will be removed from any 
official register where inclusion in such register is or will be required under any applicable law in order 
for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of 
the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is or will be suspended or where 
inclusion in any official register is or will be withdrawn if, at the time of such suspension or withdrawal, the 
continued provision and use of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Notes under the applicable 
law or regulation during the period of such suspension or withdrawal. 
 
6. 
INTEREST AND PRINCIPAL DETERMINATION AND PAYMENT 
6.1 The amount of interest and principal payable in accordance with Conditions 5.1 and 5.2 for each Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as at the immediately preceding Calculation Date based 
upon its review of the aggregate repayment amounts paid by Borrowers in respect of the Student Loans 
during the immediately preceding Interest Period (less any amounts withdrawn from the Series Account by 
the Loan Servicer in accordance with the LSA during the immediately preceding Interest Period) and any 
other available cash in the Series Account and taking into account any amounts then due in priority to 
payments of interest and principal on such Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priorities of 
Payments. If the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any reason undertake this determination, the 
Trustee shall undertake or shall procure such calculation to be undertaken. 
 
6.2 On each Payment Date, the Issuer (or the Loan Servicer on its behalf) shall direct the payment of such 
interest and principal amounts to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 8. 
 
6.3 If the Issuer has insufficient funds on any Payment Date to make a payment of principal or interest as 
required by Conditions 6.1 and 6.2, such payment shall be deferred until the following Payment Date and 
non-payment shall not constitute an Event of Default.

--- Page 87 ---
Page 87 
7. 
REDEMPTION OPTIONS 
REDEMPTION AT MATURITY 
7.1 Unless previously redeemed in full in accordance with these Conditions or purchased and cancelled as 
provided below, the outstanding Notes shall be redeemed at the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, but subject always to this Condition 7. 
 
INSUFFICIENT FUNDS ON MATURITY DATE 
 
7.2 If on the Maturity Date the Issuer does not have sufficient available funds to redeem the Notes at the 
Redemption Amount after discharging any liabilities ranking in priority to the repayment of outstanding 
principal on the Notes in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments, the Issuer shall apply any 
funds available to be so applied in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments in a partial 
redemption of the Notes on a pro rata basis and the Maturity Date will be automatically postponed to the 
then next following anniversary of that date. Such postponement will be repeated annually unless, in each 
case, the Notes have been redeemed in full and cancelled.  
 
7.3 Interest shall not accrue on the Notes during the Post-Maturity Repayment Period and the Issuer shall 
continue to apply funds (if any) standing to the credit of the Series Account during that period towards 
redemption of the Notes (up to the Redemption Amount as of the initial scheduled Maturity Date) in 
accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments on such payment dates (“Additional Payment Dates”) 
as may be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders.  
 
POST-MATURITY PERIOD REDEMPTION 
 
7.4 During the Post-Maturity Repayment Period, if applicable, the Issuer may request the Loan Servicer, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner, to value (or arrange the valuation of) the Student Loans that remain 
outstanding and which are comprised in the Mortgaged Property (the aggregate amount at which such 
Student Loans are valued being the “Post-Maturity Valuation Amount”).  
 
7.5 The Issuer may, within 30 calendar days’ of any such valuation and provided it has the requisite available 
funds to do so, on giving no less than 10 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders and the Trustee, distribute 
an amount equal to the Post-Maturity Valuation Amount together with any other funds then standing to 
the credit of the Series Account in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments, which payment 
shall be in full and final discharge of all amounts of interest and principal then due and payable under or 
in respect of the Notes. If such a distribution is made by the Issuer, the rights of the Noteholders to receive 
any further amounts in respect of the Notes shall be extinguished and the Notes shall thereupon be 
redeemed in full and cancelled. 
 
NON-PERFORMING PORTFOLIO REDEMPTION 
 
7.6 If, at any time during the Post-Maturity Repayment Period, if applicable, the Loan Servicer confirms to the 
Issuer and the Trustee in writing that there is no realistic prospect of collecting further funds from 
Borrowers of the outstanding Student Loans in accordance with its Loan Management Policy, the Issuer 
shall so notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. The Notes shall thereupon be redeemed 
in full and cancelled and the rights of the Noteholders to receive any further amounts in respect of the 
Notes shall be extinguished.

--- Page 88 ---
Page 88 
OPTIONAL EARLY REDEMPTION 
 
7.7 Subject to Condition 5.2, the Issuer may at any time, on giving not less than 20 Business Days’ notice in 
writing of redemption to the Noteholders and the Trustee, redeem the Notes in whole or in part at the 
Redemption Amount on the date specified in the redemption notice provided the Issuer has the requisite 
funds available to it to effect such a redemption from a sale or refinancing of all or part of the Student 
Loans in accordance with Condition 9.14.  
 
7.8 The Issuer may convene a meeting of the Holders at any time after the Issue Date to consider a proposal 
by the Issuer to sell all or some of the Student Loans (the “Proposed Sale Loans”) for a price (a “Proposed 
Price”) which, upon consummation of such sale and application of the amount received by the Issuer 
representing the Proposed Price in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement Priorities of Payments: 
i. where the Proposed Sale Loans are all of the Student Loans, would be less than the amount required 
to redeem the Notes in full; or 
ii. where the Proposed Sale Loans are only some of the Student Loans would be less than the amount 
required to effect a partial redemption of the Notes having an aggregate principal amount which bears 
the same proportion to the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Notes as the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Proposed Sale Loans bears to the aggregate principal amount 
outstanding of all the Student Loans. 
PROVIDED THAT, in either case, the Proposed Price is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount 
which, in the opinion of the Loan Servicer, the Issuer would receive if: 
i. it were to hold the Proposed Sale Loans until their maturity; and/or 
ii. the Loan Servicer were to take enforcement action in respect of the Proposed Sale Loans which are in 
default or in respect of which a default may occur in accordance with its Loan Management Policy. 
If a sale of all the Student Loans at the Proposed Price is approved by Extraordinary Resolution, the Notes 
shall be redeemed and cancelled without any further payment by the Issuer to the Noteholders upon the 
application of the sale proceeds by the Issuer in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement Priorities of 
Payments.  
 
PURCHASE BY ISSUER 
 
7.9 The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. If purchases are 
made by tender, tenders must be available to all Noteholders alike. 
 
CANCELLATION 
 
7.10 All Notes which are redeemed in full will forthwith be cancelled and such Notes may not be re-issued or 
resold. Notes purchased by the Issuer will be cancelled. The Issuer will notify the Trustee of all such 
cancellations and the Trustee shall thereafter release the Mortgaged Property from the Security. 
 
8. 
PAYMENTS 
8.1 Payment of the Redemption Amount shall be made by electronic transfer in the manner provided in 
Condition 8.2 below. 
 
8.2 Interest and principal payable in respect of the Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at 
the close of business on the Record Date. Payments of interest and principal on each Note shall be made 
in the relevant currency in which such payments are due by transfer to an account in the relevant currency 
maintained by the Holder (or to the first named of joint Holders) of such Note and notified to the Issuer.

--- Page 89 ---
Page 89 
 
8.3 All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable laws, regulations and directives (including, without 
limitation, requirements applicable in any place of payment to withhold or deduct for or on account of tax). 
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
 
8.4 The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment 
which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for payment, or 
enforcement of any Note and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any tax, duty, 
withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
 
8.5 If the Issuer, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes, would be required by 
applicable law to withhold or account for tax or would suffer withholding tax on payments due to it in 
respect of the Student Loans, then the Issuer shall so inform the Trustee in writing, and shall be entitled to 
arrange the substitution of a company incorporated in another jurisdiction approved beforehand in writing 
by the Trustee as the principal obligor in respect of the Notes or to change (to the satisfaction of the Trustee) 
its residence for taxation purposes to another jurisdiction approved beforehand in writing by the Trustee.  
 
8.6 The holders of the Notes shall agree to provide the Issuer (and on enforcement the Trustee) with all 
information and documentation required by the Issuer and/or the Trustee as the case may be, to satisfy 
any Irish or other country tax or regulatory obligations at any time.  
 
8.7 If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, the Holder shall neither be entitled to 
payment until the next following Business Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment. 
 
9. 
STUDENT LOANS 
9.1 Eligibility Criteria / Eligible Institutions / Eligible Courses 
 
The Issuer shall only use the proceeds of the issuance of the Notes (and any Early Repayment Amounts 
and/or proceeds of sales or refinancing of Student Loans by the Issuer during the Acquisition Period) to 
acquire Student Loans (in the Specified Currency) which have been or will be granted to students attending 
(or who have attended) Eligible Courses at Eligible Institutions and which, subject to Condition 9.2, satisfy 
the Eligibility Criteria and the requirements set out in the section of the Final Terms entitled “Provisions 
relating to Student Loans”. 
 
9.2 In Specie Subscription 
 
If “In Specie Subscription” is stated to apply in the applicable Final Terms, the proceeds of the Notes, any 
Early Repayment Amounts and the proceeds of the sale of any Student Loans (if any) may be used by the 
Issuer, at its absolute discretion, to acquire Student Loans granted to Borrowers who attend (or who have 
attended) the Eligible Institution(s) notwithstanding that such Student Loans may be Impaired Student 
Loans and/or may not meet all Eligibility Criteria and/or comply fully with the section of the Final Terms 
entitled “Provisions relating to Student Loans” (“In Specie Student Loan”). Where such Final Terms also 
specify an “In Specie Subscription Level”, only In Specie Student Loans up to the maximum amount specified 
as the In Specie Subscription Level may be acquired by the Issuer with the proceeds of the issue of the 
Notes and/or any Early Repayment Amounts and/or any proceeds of sale or refinancing of Student Loans.

--- Page 90 ---
Page 90 
9.3 Financial Guarantee 
 
If “Financial Guarantee” is stated to apply in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes will benefit from a 
financial guarantee provided by a Financial Guarantor specified in such Final Terms in respect of some or 
all of the Student Loans, subject to the terms and conditions thereof. 
 
9.4 Overcapitalisation Level 
 
The Issuer may specify an applicable "Overcapitalisation Level" in the Final Terms to indicate that the Loan 
Originator has identified a particular level of demand from potential borrowers for Student Loans at the 
Issue Date but the Issuer has determined to issue the relevant Series of Notes in a principal amount that is 
greater than the aggregate principal amount of Student Loans so identified (such excess amount as a 
percentage of the principal amount of the Series being the specified Overcapitalisation Level), in 
anticipation of there being further demand for Student Loans from Borrowers during the Acquisition 
Period.  
Any amounts which represent the proceeds of a Series issuance which the Issuer has not utilised during 
the Acquisition Period to pay Permitted Expenses and/or purchase Student Loans will applied in accordance 
with the applicable Priorities of Payments on the Payment Date that follows the Acquisition Period.  
 
9.5 Borrower Life Cover 
 
If “Borrower Life Cover” policy is stated to apply in the applicable Final Terms, a group life cover policy (as 
more particularly described in the applicable Final Terms) will be put in place by the Loan Originator in 
respect of the Borrowers of the Student Loans. 
 
9.6 Permitted Loan Purposes 
 
With respect to each Series of Notes, the Student Loans acquired with the proceeds of such Series may only 
be granted for the “Permitted loan purposes” specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
9.7 Loan Advance Arrangements 
 
With respect to each Series of Notes, the Issuer may only acquire Student Loans that satisfy the 
administrative arrangements specified as “Loan advance arrangements” in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
9.8 Refinancing of Student Loans 
 
If “Refinancing of student loan” is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the proceeds of the 
issuance of the Notes may be used by the Issuer to refinance student loans made by a third party lender 
to a student provided such refinanced loan would have satisfied the Eligibility Criteria and would meet the 
requirements set out in the section of the relevant Final Terms entitled “Provisions relating to Student 
Loans” (if applicable). 
 
9.9 Eligible Institutions Ranking Concentration 
 
If “Eligible Institutions Ranking Concentration” is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
aggregate of the principal amounts of all Student Loans (in each case, determined on the date on which 
such Student Loan was acquired), acquired by the Issuer during the Acquisition Period, which have been 
advanced to Borrowers who attended, are attending, or will attend Ranked Eligible Institutions shall, by the 
end of the Acquisition Period, when expressed as a percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all 
Student Loans (in each case determined on the date on which such Student Loan was acquired), acquired

--- Page 91 ---
Page 91 
by the Issuer during the Acquisition Period, be equal to or greater than the Ranked Percentage specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
9.10 Student Geographic Concentration 
 
If “Student Geographic Concentration” is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may 
only acquire Student Loans advanced to Borrowers who have attended, are attending or will attend Eligible 
Institutions located in Permitted Borrower Countries and/or may not acquire Student Loans advanced to 
Borrowers who have attended, are attending or will attend Eligible Institutions located in Restricted 
Borrower Countries, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
 
9.11 Gender Concentration 
 
If “Gender Concentration” is stated to be applicable in the Final Terms, the aggregate of the principal 
amounts of all Student Loans (in each case, determined on the relevant date on which such Student Loan 
is acquired by the Issuer), acquired by the Issuer during the Acquisition Period, which have been advanced 
to Borrowers who are female or male (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), shall, by the end of the 
Acquisition Period, when expressed as a percentage of the aggregate principal amounts of all Student 
Loans (in each case, determined on the relevant date of acquisition of each such Student Loan), acquired 
by the Issuer during the Acquisition Period, be equal to or greater than the Requisite Gender Percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
9.12 Impaired Student Loans 
 
If “Impaired Student Loans” is stated to be applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer may acquire Impaired 
Student Loans provided that the aggregate of the principal amounts of all Impaired Student Loans (in each 
case determined on the relevant date on which such Student Loan is acquired by the Issuer), acquired by 
the Issuer during the Acquisition Period shall, by the end of the Acquisition Period, when expressed as a 
percentage of the aggregate principal amounts of all Student Loans (in each case, determined on the 
relevant date of acquisition of each such Student Loans), acquired by the Issuer during the Acquisition 
Period, be no more than the Requisite Impaired Loan Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
9.13 Exchange 
 
The Issuer may elect to exchange any Student Loan(s) included in the Mortgaged Property for any other 
Student Loan(s) that satisfy the requirements applicable to Student Loans acquired by the Issuer as set out 
in Condition 9.1 and 9.2 and direct the Trustee to execute any document required to release the Student 
Loan(s) being replaced from the security created by the Trust Deed and take a first ranking security interest 
over those replacement Student Loan(s) which the Trustee is obliged to do provided the Loan Originator 
has confirmed to the Issuer in writing (with a copy to the Trustee) that on the relevant exchange date: 
 
(a) each replacement Student Loan satisfies the requirements applicable to Student Loans acquired by 
the Issuer as set out in Condition 9.1 and 9.2; 
 
(b) in relation to the replacement of any Impaired Student Loan(s), the aggregate market value of the 
replacement Student Loan(s) is no less than the market value of the Impaired Student Loan(s) being 
replaced; and 
 
(c) in relation to the replacement of any Student Loan(s) that is/are not Impaired Student Loans, the 
replacement Student Loan(s) is/are not Impaired Student Loans and the principal amount plus the 
accrued and expected interest amount due under the replacement Student Loan(s) is equal to or

--- Page 92 ---
Page 92 
greater than the principal amount plus the accrued and expected interest amount due under the 
Student Loan that is/are being replaced 
 
9.14 Sale and/or Refinancing 
 
The Issuer may effect a sale or refinancing of all or part of the Student Loans at any time and for the 
purposes of completing such a sale or refinancing direct the Trustee to release the Security over all or a 
proportion of the Student Loans provided that: 
 
(a) with respect to such Student Loans that are sold or refinanced during the Acquisition Period, the 
proceeds of such sale or refinancing are no less than the aggregate principal amount outstanding of 
the relevant Student Loans on the relevant sale date; and 
 
(b) with respect to such Student Loans that are sold or refinanced following the Acquisition Period, the 
proceeds of such sale or refinancing when applied by the Issuer in accordance with the Pre-
Enforcement Priorities of Payments, are sufficient to redeem the Notes in full (in the case of a sale or 
refinancing of all the Student Loans) or in part (in the case of a sale or refinancing of a proportion of 
the Student Loans), but if in part the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed shall not be of a 
lesser proportion to the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding than the amount of the 
Student Loans to be sold or refinanced bears to the aggregate amount of all Student Loans 
outstanding and then comprised in the Mortgaged Property. Upon receipt of a direction in accordance 
with this Condition 9.14 the Trustee shall release the relevant Student Loans from the Security, 
provided the conditions for release set out in section 6 of the Principal Trust Deed are satisfied. 
 
In the event the Issuer wishes to effect a sale of only some of the Student Loans in accordance with 
Condition 7.8, (following the passing of the relevant Extraordinary Resolution referred to in Condition 7.8), 
the Issuer may direct the Trustee to release the Security over the Student Loans being sold, which the 
Trustee shall do, provided the conditions for release set out in section 6 of the Principal Trust Deed are 
satisfied. 
 
10. PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or 5 years (in the case of interest) from whichever is the later 
of (a) the date on which such payment first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been 
received by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which, the full payment 
having been so received, notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders (the "Relevant 
Date"). 
 
11. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
11.1 The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the Holders of a clear majority of the 
nominal amount of the Notes or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders shall 
(subject to being indemnified and/or secured to its absolute satisfaction) (but in the case of the happening 
of any of the events mentioned in Conditions 11.1(a) and 11.1(c) inclusive below, only if the Trustee shall 
have certified that, in its opinion, such event is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), 
give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall accordingly immediately become, due and 
payable at their Redemption Amount, if any of the following events shall occur and be continuing: 
 
(a) subject to Conditions 6.3 and 7.2, default is made for a period of 14 or more days in the payment of any 
interest or principal amounts or Redemption Amount which is due and payable in respect of the Notes;

--- Page 93 ---
Page 93 
 
(b) the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of or compliance with any of its other 
undertakings set out in the Notes or the Trust Deed which default is, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
incapable of remedy or which, if capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied within 
30 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) after notice requiring remedy of such default, 
and indicating that this provision may be invoked if it is not remedied, shall have been given to the 
Issuer by the Trustee; or 
 
(c) any step is taken (including, without limitation, the making of an application or the giving of any notice) 
by the Issuer or by any other person to wind up or dissolve the Issuer or to appoint a liquidator (whether 
provisional, interim or otherwise), trustee, examiner or similar officer of the Issuer or any part of its 
undertaking or assets. 
 
11.2 At any time after the Notes become due and repayable pursuant to this Condition, the Trustee may, at its 
discretion and without further notice institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to 
enforce repayment of the Notes but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings unless (i) it shall 
have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or so requested in writing by the 
Noteholders holding clear majority in nominal value of the Notes and (ii) it shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction. No Noteholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become bound to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable period of time and such failure 
is continuing. 
 
12. MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATIONS 
12.1 The Principal Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of (a) the Noteholders of all Series 
generally to consider matters, including the modification of these Conditions or the provisions of the 
Principal Trust Deed, and (b) the Noteholders of Notes of a specific Series to consider matters particular to 
that Series, including whether enforcement action should be taken where an Event of Default exists with 
respect to that Series and whether the Mortgaged Property (or any part thereof) should be sold at a price 
that will result in a loss for Noteholders of that Series. Generally, the Trustee will only be required to take 
action on matters (i) if considered at a meeting of Noteholders generally or the Noteholders of Notes of a 
specific Series (as appropriate, the "Relevant Noteholders") and the Trustee is directed to do so by 
Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) if the Trustee is directed to do so by Extraordinary Resolution in writing of 
the Relevant Noteholders or (iii) if the Trustee is directed to do so by Extraordinary Resolution passed by 
way of electronic consents received through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The quorum at 
any meeting of Relevant Noteholders for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more persons 
present holding or representing by proxy a clear majority of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding to all Relevant Noteholders, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons present 
being or representing Relevant Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding so held or represented, except that, at any meeting of the Noteholders generally, the business 
of which includes the modification of any of these Terms and Conditions, the necessary quorum for passing 
an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons present holding or representing not less than 
75%, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than 25%, of the nominal amount of all Notes for the time 
being outstanding.  
 
12.2 An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of Relevant Noteholders will be binding on all     
Relevant Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
 
12.3 The Trustee may agree, without the consent of any Noteholders to (a) any modification of any of the 
provisions of the Principal Trust Deed, any Supplemental Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the 
Corporate Services Agreement, the Financial Guarantee (if applicable), the Placing Agency Agreement, the 
LOA and the LSA that, in the opinion of the Trustee, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to

--- Page 94 ---
Page 94 
correct a manifest error which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, proven, and (b) any other modification, 
and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the 
agreements referred to in sub-section (a) above that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be 
binding on all Noteholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to all 
Noteholders as soon as practicable. 
 
12.4 In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers or discretions (including, but without 
limitation, any modification, waiver or authorisation), the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Relevant Noteholders as a class and, in particular, but without limitation, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders, resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular 
territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Noteholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or 
payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders. 
 
13. SUBSTITUTION 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of the 
Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to the substitution of any other company in place of the Issuer, or of any previously 
substituted company, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes. In the case of such a 
substitution the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to a change of the law 
governing the Notes and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change would not in the opinion of the 
Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such substitution will be notified 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 and (for so long as the Notes are listed thereon) shall be 
notified to Euronext Dublin and a supplementary prospectus prepared as soon as practicable thereafter. 
 
14. REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, CERTIFICATES  
If a Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Registrar, as the case may be, as 
may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is 
given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if 
the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate is subsequently presented for payment there shall be paid 
to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Certificates) and otherwise 
as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Certificates must be surrendered before replacements will 
be issued. 
 
15. FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further Series 
and further Tranches of existing Series of Notes: A further Tranche of an existing Series shall: 
 
(a) 
be fungible with the Notes of that existing Series;  
 
(b) have the same terms and conditions as the Notes of that Series except for Issue Date, Issue Price, first 
payment of interest, Acquisition Period, accrued interest and notional amount; and

--- Page 95 ---
Page 95 
(c) 
be consolidated and form a single Series with that existing Series of Notes, and references in these 
Conditions to Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
 
16. NOTICES 
16.1 Notices to the Holders of Notes shall be emailed to them at their respective email addresses in the Register 
and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
after the date of mailing. 
16.2 If, in the opinion of the Trustee, notification in accordance with Condition 16.1 is not practicable, notice 
shall be validly given if published in a leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
16.3 While the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin, copies of all notices given in accordance with this condition 
shall be forwarded to the Companies Announcement Office of Euronext Dublin. 
 
16.4 Notices to be given by any Holder of the Notes of this Series shall be in writing and given by lodging the  
same, together with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. 
 
17. INDEMNIFICATION AND REPLACEMENT OF THE TRUSTEE 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility in certain circumstances including provisions relieving it from instituting proceedings to 
enforce repayment unless indemnified and/or secured to its absolute satisfaction. 
 
18. LIMITED RECOURSE AND NON-PETITION 
18.1All payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made only from and to the extent of 
the sums received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Issuer under the Student Loans 
and/or from the Series Account, subject always to the applicable Priorities of Payments. 
18.2 In relation to any sums received or recovered, the Issuer (or the Loan Servicer on its behalf) shall determine 
to which Series such sums relate and such determination shall be binding on Noteholders of all Series in 
the absence of manifest error. 
18.3 In the event that the Issuer (or the Loan Servicer on its behalf) is unable to make or, following a request by 
the Trustee fails to make, the determination in Condition 18.2, such determination may be made by the 
Trustee or by such person as is directed by the Trustee. No liability shall attach to the Trustee as a result of 
such determination. 
 
18.4 To the extent that the sums referred to in Condition 18.1 are less than the amount which the Noteholders 
may have expected to receive (the difference being referred to as the shortfall), such shortfall will be borne 
by the Noteholders. 
 
18.5 Each Noteholder, by subscribing for and purchasing Notes, will be deemed to accept and acknowledge that 
it is fully aware that: 
 
(a) the Noteholders shall look solely to the sums referred to in this Condition 18 (Limited Recourse and Non 
Petition) as applied in accordance with the above paragraphs and the Priorities of Payments (the 
"Relevant Sums"), for payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes;

--- Page 96 ---
Page 96 
(b) the Noteholders shall not look to the sums which are attributable to another Series in satisfaction of 
the obligations of the Issuer to such Noteholders; 
 
(c) the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes will be limited to the Relevant 
Sums and the Noteholders shall have no recourse to the Issuer or its shareholders, directors, officers, 
successors or assigns in respect of the Notes for any shortfall between the Relevant Sums and any 
amount due to them under the Notes; 
 
(d) only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce the rights of the 
Noteholders and no Noteholder is entitled to proceed against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having 
become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails or neglects to do so 
within a reasonable time and such failure or neglect is continuing;  
 
(e) the Trustee and the Noteholders shall have recourse only to the Mortgaged Property for satisfaction 
and discharge of the Issuer’s obligations and liabilities arising under or in connection with the Notes 
and/or the relevant Transaction Documents and, following the realisation and distribution of the net 
proceeds of same in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments, the Trustee and the 
Noteholders or anyone acting on behalf of any of them shall not be entitled to take any further steps 
against the Issuer to recover any further sum (save for lodging a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer 
initiated by another party or taking proceedings to obtain a declaration or judgment as to the obligations 
of the Issuer) and the right to receive any such further sum shall be extinguished; and 
 
(f) none of the Trustee or any Noteholder shall be entitled to petition or take any other step or join with 
any other person in bringing, instituting or joining, insolvency proceedings (whether court based or 
otherwise) or for the appointment of an examiner, liquidator or analogous person in relation to the 
Issuer save for lodging a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer which is initiated by another party, nor 
shall any of them have any claim to, or in respect of any sum arising in respect of any assets of the Issuer 
other than the Mortgaged Property for the Series, subject to this Condition 18. 
 
18.6 Non-payment of any shortfall referred to in this Condition 18 shall not constitute an Event of Default under 
Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
 
18.7 None of the Issuer, the shareholders of the Issuer, the Agents, the Placing Agents, the Loan Originator, the 
Loan Servicer or the Back-Up Servicer has any obligation to any Noteholder for payment of any amount by 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
 
19. GOVERNING LAW 
The Trust Deed, the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Irish law.

--- Page 97 ---
Page 97 
9. PROCEDURE FOR ISSUE 
 
PROCEDURE FOR ISSUE 
A prospective investor interested in acquiring Notes must deliver to the Issuer (or the relevant Placing Agent) a 
Letter of Interest, in a form available from the relevant Placing Agent, together with such evidence and 
certifications specified by the relevant Placing Agent as required confirmations of the prospective investor’s 
eligibility to invest in the Notes. The Issuer may elect, in its absolute discretion, to offer Notes to any of the 
prospective investors that have delivered Letters of Interest, and offers will be made by the Issuer (or the 
relevant Placing Agent) sending Final Terms to the prospective investors selected by the Issuer. Each prospective 
investor who receives an offer of Notes will have agreed in the Letter of Interest to acquire Notes in accordance 
with the Letter of Interest except where the offer is rejected by that prospective investor by rejection notice 
given to the Issuer at least 10 Business Days prior to the Issue Date specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Investors may not be allocated all of the Notes for which they apply, for example if the total amount of orders 
exceeds aggregate amount of the Notes ultimately issued. Investors will be notified by the relevant Placing Agent 
of their allocations of Notes and the settlement arrangements in respect thereof as soon as practicable after 
the Offer Period has ended. The Issuer does not intend to make any arrangements to facilitate dealing of the 
Notes before this notification has been made. 
 
Investors wishing to hold Notes in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg should follow the procedures from 
time to time of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be). 
 
ISSUE PRICE OF NOTES 
The Issue Price of the Notes will be 100% unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 98 ---
Page 98 
10. SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO 
THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
INITIAL ISSUE OF NOTES 
Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms, Notes of each Series will initially be represented by 
interests in a Global Certificate. Each Global Certificate will initially be registered in the name of a nominee of, 
and deposited with a common depositary for, Euroclear and Clearstream on its Issue Date. 
 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Certificate, references in the Conditions of the Notes 
to “Noteholder” are references to the person in whose name such Global Certificate is for the time being 
registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Certificate is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, 
will be that depositary or common depositary or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary. 
 
RELATIONSHIP OF ACCOUNTHOLDERS WITH CLEARING SYSTEMS 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream or any other clearing system (an “Alternative 
Clearing System”) as being entitled to an interest in a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment 
made by the Issuer to the Holder of such Global Certificate, and in relation to all other rights arising under the 
Global Certificates subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no 
claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are 
represented by such Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the 
Holder of such Global Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. 
 
EXCHANGE OF GLOBAL CERTIFICATES 
Beneficial interests in a Global Certificate may be held only through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg at 
any time. 
 
Each Global Certificate will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, in whole but not in part, for Individual 
Certificates in definitive registered form if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so, by the holder giving notice to the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent.   
 
On or after the Exchange Date, the holder of the relevant Global Certificate may surrender such Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In exchange for the relevant Global 
Certificate, as provided in the Agency Agreement, the Registrar will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal 
aggregate amount of duly executed and authenticated Individual Certificates in or substantially in the form set 
out in the relevant schedule to the Trust Deed.

--- Page 99 ---
Page 99 
The Registrar will not register the transfer of, or exchange of interests in, a Global Certificate for Definitive 
Certificates for a period of 15 calendar days ending on the date for any payment of principal or interest or on 
the date of optional redemption in respect of the Notes. 
 
“Exchange Date” means a day falling not later than 90 days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is 
given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agent is located. 
 
In such circumstances, the relevant Global Certificate shall be exchanged in full for Individual Certificates and 
the Issuer will, at its own cost (but against such indemnity as the Registrar or any relevant Transfer Agent may 
require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection 
with such exchange), cause sufficient Individual Certificates to be executed and delivered to the Registrar for 
completion, authentication and dispatch to the relevant Noteholders. A person having an interest in a Global 
Certificate must provide the Registrar with a written order containing instructions and such other information 
as the Issuer and the Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver such Individual Certificates. 
 
The holder of an Individual Certificate may transfer the Notes evidenced thereby in whole or in part in the 
applicable minimum denomination by surrendering it at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent, together with the completed form of transfer thereon. 
 
If the Final Terms states that the Notes are to be represented by a Global Certificate on issue, the following will 
apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream or an Alternative Clearing System. These 
provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes within a clearing system whilst they are held on 
behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the 
relevant clearing system. 
 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 3.1 may only be 
made in whole, but not in part: (A) if Euroclear or Clearstream or any Alternative Clearing System is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so or (B) if principal in respect of any 
Notes is not paid when due, by the Holder giving notice to the Registrar of its election for such exchange or (C) 
with the consent of the Issuer. A Global Certificate is exchangeable in the circumstances specified in the 
permanent Global Certificate. 
 
AMENDMENT TO CONDITIONS 
The Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the 
effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of 
certain of those provisions: 
 
MEETINGS 
 
The Holder of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless such Global Certificate represents only 
one Note) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Noteholders and in any such meeting as having one vote in respect of each Note for which the relevant Global 
Certificate may be exchangeable.

--- Page 100 ---
Page 100 
TRUSTEE’S POWERS 
 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee 
for a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or 
its operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such 
Global Certificate and may consider such interests as if such accountholders were the Holders of such Global 
Certificate. 
 
NOTICES 
 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Certificate and such Global Certificate is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the Holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as 
required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the Holder of the Global Certificate, provided 
that, so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin the Issuer will also publish notices in accordance with 
the rules of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 101 ---
Page 101 
11. CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
 
BOOK-ENTRY OWNERSHIP 
REGISTERED NOTES 
Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will make applications to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for acceptance in their respective book- entry systems in respect of the Notes to be 
represented by each Global Certificate. Each Global Certificate will have a separate ISIN and a Common Code. 
Investors in Notes of any Series may hold their interests in a Global Certificate representing such Notes only 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
All Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Certificate or Individual Certificates, in amounts specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED CERTIFICATES 
If a Holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes represented by a Global Certificate wishes at any time to transfer 
such beneficial interest to a person who wishes to take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in 
that Global Certificate, such Holder may transfer such beneficial interest only in accordance with the transfer 
restrictions described in Section 15 “Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions” and the terms set out in the 
relevant Global Certificate. 
Transfers of interests in Global Certificates within Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be in accordance 
with the usual rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing system. 
Each Global Certificate and each Individual Certificate will be subject to restrictions on transfer contained in a 
legend appearing on the front of such Certificate and as described in Section 15 “Subscription, Sale and Transfer 
Restrictions”. In certain circumstances, transfers of interests in a Global Certificate or an Individual Certificate 
may not be subject to such legend in part or in whole. 
Although Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate 
transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Certificates among participants and accountholders of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, 
and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent will have 
any responsibility for the performance by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or their respective direct or 
indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing 
their operations. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date 
(T+3). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers.

--- Page 102 ---
Page 102 
12. FEES AND EXPENSES 
 
ORGANISATION COSTS 
Costs and expenses incurred in connection with the organisation and ongoing administration of the Issuer are 
typically borne by the Loan Servicer (and reimbursed to the Loan Servicer by the Issuer) in accordance with 
paragraph headed “Fees of Loan Servicer” below. 
FEES OF THIRD PARTIES 
All fees and expenses of third parties appointed by the Loan Servicer to assist it in the performance of its duties 
to the Issuer will be discharged by the Loan Servicer out of fees to which the Loan Servicer is entitled. 
FEES OF PLACING AGENT 
In respect of each Series of Notes issued under the Programme, the relevant Placing Agent is entitled to receive 
a fee for services in placing the Notes of that Series with investors (the “Placing Agency Fee”). The level of the 
Placing Agency Fee for each Series will be specified in the Final Terms of that Series. 
FEES OF LOAN ORIGINATOR 
In respect of each Series of Notes issued under the Programme, the Loan Originator is entitled to receive an 
origination fee (the “Origination Fee”). The level of the Origination Fee for each Series will be specified in the 
Final Terms of that Series. 
FEES OF LOAN SERVICER 
An ongoing monthly Student Loan servicing and management fee is charged to the Issuer by the Loan Servicer 
(the “Servicing Fee”) in respect of each Series which is based on a percentage (which is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and is subject to increase upon the agreement in writing of the Issuer and Loan Servicer) of the 
aggregate outstanding principal and accrued interest amount of the Relevant Student Loans on the first day of 
each servicing period (being the period commencing on the Issue Date of the relevant Series and ending on the 
7th day of the next calendar month and thereafter, each period commencing on the 8th day of the calendar 
month and ending on the 7th day of the next falling calendar month). To the extent there are insufficient funds 
in the Series Account (representing payments of interest and/or principal by Borrowers) to pay the Servicing Fee, 
the obligation to pay same will be deferred until there are such available funds. The Loan Servicer and the Issuer 
may agree to increase the Servicing Fee. 
The Issuer’s expenses will typically be discharged by the Loan Servicer on behalf of the Issuer (and the Issuer 
will reimburse the Loan Servicer in respect of such payments in accordance with the Priorities of Payments). 
These costs are estimated at €55,000 per annum and €5,500 per Tranche issued and include: 
• 
Annual domiciliary, director and fiscal services for the Issuer 
• 
Accounting, auditing and tax filing 
• 
Legal fees 
• 
Trustee services for the Notes 
• 
Agency services for the Notes 
• 
Listing fees

--- Page 103 ---
Page 103 
The setup and issuing costs of the Programme will be discharged by the Loan Servicer. The Loan Servicer shall 
have the additional right to recover fees, costs and expenses, which shall be considered as disbursements for 
VAT purposes, from any Borrower on the Issuer's behalf for any and all work made necessary by the acts and 
omissions of that Borrower, and arising from the administration and enforcement of any Student Loan. The 
Loan Servicer shall be entitled to use such sums as are collected to defray in whole or part, expenses reasonably 
incurred by it in the course of performing its obligations under the LSA. 
Should there be a surplus remaining following the redemption of all Notes of a Series, that surplus will be used 
by the Issuer to reimburse the Loan Servicer for discharging fees and expenses relating to that Series or any 
other Series to the extent paid by the Loan Servicer other than from the Series Account or a Series Account for 
another Series and to discharge undischarged fees and expenses relating to any other Series to the extent that 
the balance on the Series Account for that other Series is insufficient to do so. 
LEGAL FEES IN RESPECT OF BREACH OR ENFORCEMENT OF LOAN AGREEMENT  
Each Loan Agreement provides that the Borrower is responsible for any reasonable costs, charges and expenses 
that may be incurred by the Loan Servicer on behalf of the Issuer, including legal fees that arise out of the 
Borrower’s breach of the Loan Agreement or its enforcement to recover the amount owing by the Borrower. In 
addition, the Loan Servicer reserves the right to use a third-party collection agency acting on its behalf and the 
Borrower is liable for the reasonable costs of collection imposed on the Loan Servicer by the third-party 
collection agency, up to the lesser of (a) 35% of the outstanding balance owing by the Borrower and (b) the 
maximum amount permitted by law. This amount will be added to the balance of the Student Loan outstanding 
and recovered in the event of a successful collection. 
The costs, charges and expenses referred to above may be paid by the Issuer (at the request of the Servicer) in 
advance of payments of interest and principal being made on the Notes in accordance with the applicable 
Priorities of Payments or the Loan Servicer (in which case the Loan Servicer may request the Issuer to reimburse 
it for the relevant amount and such payment(s) may be made by the Issuer in advance of making payments of 
interest and principal on the Notes in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments). In the event the 
Issuer has paid such costs, charges and expenses or reimbursed the Servicer for doing so, the Servicer shall, 
upon recovering from the relevant Borrower, any amount(s) representing such costs, charges and expenses, 
transfer same to the relevant Series Account for application in accordance with the applicable Priorities of 
Payments. 
In any of the following circumstances (amongst others), Prodigy Finance may be unable to recover legal fees 
from the Borrower: 
• 
Prodigy Finance may obtain an arbitration award, but be unable to recover the full amount of the 
award (including legal costs) from the Borrower by local enforcement proceedings. 
• 
Prodigy Finance may obtain an arbitration award but be unable to enforce the arbitration award locally 
in certain circumstances. For example, if the Borrower is not traceable or resides in a country where 
enforcement of foreign awards is difficult or impossible. In these circumstances, Prodigy Finance may 
postpone or halt local enforcement of the award having regard to the period within which an award 
can be enforced under the legal rules of the country where the enforcement will take place. 
• 
Prodigy Finance may incur legal fees that arise out of the Borrower’s breach of the Loan Agreement 
but decide not to take enforcement action and obtain an arbitration award in circumstances including 
the following (i) it assesses that the loan recovery achievable by enforcement action is likely to be less 
than enforcement costs, in which case it has discretion to write off the loan without taking 
enforcement action or (ii) it enters into a full and final settlement agreement with a borrower which is 
less than the full amount outstanding, for example, to avoid the uncertainty, cost and delay related to 
enforcement proceedings or (iii) it assesses that a Borrower is a vulnerable client or does not have the 
financial means to satisfy the claim or (iv) the Borrower dies or is declared bankrupt.

--- Page 104 ---
Page 104 
• 
Prodigy Finance may obtain an arbitration award but that award may not include the legal costs 
incurred. 
Where costs, charges and expenses (including legal fees) are not recovered from a Borrower, they will be payable 
by the Issuer (whether directly or by way of reimbursement of the Loan Servicer for payment by it of such costs, 
charges and expenses) in accordance with the Priorities of Payments up to the maximum amount permitted by 
law and in accordance with the parameters established by the Loan Management Policy by submission of the 
relevant request for payment by the Loan Servicer to the Issuer.

--- Page 105 ---
Page 105 
13. USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer to acquire Relevant Student Loans from 
the Loan Originator in accordance with the terms of this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms and to pay 
Permitted Expenses. Any such proceeds which are not so used will be paid in accordance with the Priorities of 
Payments on the Payment Date following the Acquisition Period.

--- Page 106 ---
Page 106 
14. TAXATION 
 
The tax legislation of the investor’s country of residence, citizenship or domicile and of Ireland as the Issuer’s 
country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in Ireland regarding the tax 
position of investors beneficially owning Notes (“Noteholders”) and should be treated with appropriate caution. 
Particular rules may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes. The summary does not constitute tax 
or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only. Prospective investors in Notes should 
consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of the subscription, purchase, holding, redemption 
or sale of the Notes and the receipt of interest thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship 
or domicile.   
 
WITHHOLDING TAX 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.), is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest which may include interest payable on the Notes. However, an exemption 
from withholding on interest payments exists under section 64 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland 
(the “TCA”) for certain securities (“quoted Eurobonds”) issued by a body corporate (such as the Issuer) which are 
interest bearing and quoted on a recognised stock exchange. 
Any interest paid on such quoted Eurobonds can be paid free of withholding tax provided: 
a. the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or 
b. the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and either: 
i. 
the quoted Eurobond is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners 
(Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, amongst others, are so recognised), or 
ii. 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially entitled to 
the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to a relevant person (such as an 
Irish paying agent, if any) in the prescribed form. 
So long as the Notes are quoted on a recognised stock exchange and are held in any of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, interest on the Notes can be paid by any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer without any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax. 
If, for any reason, the quoted Eurobond exemption referred to above ceases to apply, the Issuer can still pay 
interest on the Notes free of withholding tax provided it is a qualifying company (within the meaning of section 
110 of the TCA, as amended (a “Qualifying Company”) and provided the interest is paid to a person resident in 
(a) a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or (b) a country with which Ireland has signed a 
double taxation agreement (a “Relevant Territory”). For this purpose, residence is determined by reference to 
the law of the country in which the recipient claims to be resident. This exemption from withholding tax will not 
apply, however, if the interest is paid to a company in connection with a trade or business carried on by it 
through a branch or agency located in Ireland.

--- Page 107 ---
Page 107 
ENCASHMENT TAX 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at a prescribed rate of 25 per cent. from interest on any Note, where 
such interest is collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland on behalf of any Noteholder. 
There is an exemption from encashment tax where the beneficial owner of the interest is not resident in Ireland 
and has made a declaration to this effect in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank.  In addition, 
an exemption applies where the payment is made to a company where that company is beneficially entitled to 
that income and is or will be within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of that income. 
 
TAXATION OF NOTEHOLDERS 
Notwithstanding that a Noteholder may receive interest on the Notes free of withholding tax, the Noteholder 
may still be liable to pay Irish income tax. Interest paid on the Notes may have an Irish source and therefore be 
within the charge to Irish income tax and the universal social charge. Ireland operates a self- assessment system 
in respect of income tax and any person, including a person who is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in 
Ireland for the purpose of Irish tax, with Irish source income comes within its scope. 
However, interest on the Notes will be exempt from Irish income tax if the recipient of the interest is resident in 
a relevant territory provided: 
a. the Notes are quoted Eurobonds and are exempt from withholding tax as set out above; or 
b. in the event of the Notes ceasing to be quoted Eurobonds exempt from withholding tax, if the Issuer is a 
Qualifying Company; or 
c. if the Issuer has ceased to be a Qualifying Company, the recipient of the interest is a company resident in a 
Relevant Territory that imposes a tax that generally applies to interest receivable in that territory by 
companies from sources outside that territory. 
Notwithstanding these exemptions from income tax, a corporate recipient that carries on a trade in Ireland 
through a branch or agency in respect of which the Notes are held or attributed, may have a liability to Irish 
corporation tax on the interest. 
In addition, provided that the Notes are quoted Eurobonds and are exempt from withholding tax as set out 
above, the interest on the Notes will be exempt from Irish income tax if the recipient of the interest is (i) a 
company under the control, directly or indirectly, of persons who by virtue of the law of a relevant territory are 
resident in that country and that person or persons are not themselves under the control, whether directly or 
indirectly, of a person who is not resident in such a country, or (ii) a company, the principal class of shares of 
such company is substantially and regularly traded on one or more recognised stock exchanges in a relevant 
territory or a stock exchange approved by the Irish Minister for Finance. 
Noteholders receiving interest on the Notes which does not fall within the above exemptions may be liable to 
Irish income tax. 
 
CAPITAL GAINS TAX 
A holder of the Notes will be subject to Irish tax on capital gains on a disposal of the Notes unless such holder 
is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland for the purpose of Irish tax and does not carry on a trade in 
Ireland through a branch or agency in respect of which the Notes are used or held.

--- Page 108 ---
Page 108 
CAPITAL ACQUISITIONS TAX 
A gift or inheritance comprising Notes will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax if either (i) the disponer 
or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland for the 
purpose of Irish capital acquisitions tax (see below) (or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in 
Ireland irrespective of his residence or that of the donee/successor) or (ii) if the Notes are regarded as property 
situate in Ireland. Bearer notes are generally regarded as situated where they are physically located at any 
particular time. Registered notes are generally regarded as situated where the principal register of noteholders 
is maintained or required to be maintained, but the Notes may be regarded as situated in Ireland regardless of 
their physical location or the location of the register as they secure a debt due by an Irish resident debtor and 
they may be secured over Irish property. Accordingly, if such Notes are comprised in a gift or inheritance, the 
gift or inheritance may be within the charge to Irish capital acquisitions tax regardless of the residence status of 
the disponer or the donee/successor. 
For the purpose of Irish capital acquisitions tax, a non-Irish domiciled donee or disponer will not be treated as 
resident in Ireland or ordinarily resident in Ireland at the relevant date except where that person has been 
resident in Ireland for 5 consecutive years of assessment immediately preceding the year of assessment in which 
the date of the gift or inheritance falls and that person is either resident in Ireland or ordinarily resident in 
Ireland on that date, in each case for Irish tax purposes. 
 
STAMP DUTY 
On the basis of an exemption provided for in section 85(2)(c) to the Stamp Duties Consolidation Act 1999 of 
Ireland and provided the Issuer is a Qualifying Company and the proceeds of the Notes are used in the course 
of the Issuer’s business, no stamp duty or similar tax is imposed in Ireland on the issue, transfer or redemption 
of the Notes whether they are represented by permanent global certificates or certificates i.e. definitive notes. 
 
FATCA 
As set out in the U.S. Foreign Account Reporting risk factor, the FATCA rules are generally designed to impose a 
reporting regime in respect of U.S. persons’ (as defined in the Code) direct and indirect ownership of non-U.S. 
accounts. FATCA imposes a withholding tax of 30% on a portion of certain payments by non-U.S. entities that 
comply with FATCA to persons that fail to comply with FATCA. If the Issuer (or relevant intermediary) complies 
with FATCA, this withholding tax may be imposed on a portion of payments to (a) certain holders or beneficial 
owners of Notes that do not provide certain information requested by the Issuer (or any relevant intermediary) 
and (b) any recipient (including an intermediary) of a payment that has not (or the relevant financial institution 
has not) entered into a FATCA Agreement (or otherwise established an exemption from FATCA or complied with 
the relevant FATCA reporting obligations). However, any such FATCA withholding would not apply prior to the 
date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are 
published in the U.S. Federal Register. 
Each holder of Notes should consult its own tax advisor to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA and to 
learn how it might affect such holder in its particular circumstance. 
 
FATCA IMPLEMENTATION IN IRELAND 
On 21 December 2012, the Governments of Ireland and the U.S. signed the Ireland/US IGA with respect to FATCA 
(“Ireland IGA”). This agreement significantly increased the amount of tax information automatically exchanged 
between Ireland and the U.S.. It provides for the automatic reporting and exchange of information in relation to

--- Page 109 ---
Page 109 
accounts held in Irish “financial institutions” by U.S. persons (as defined under the Code), and the reciprocal 
exchange of information regarding U.S. financial accounts held by Irish residents.  
The agreement provides that Irish financial institutions such as the Issuer will report to the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners in respect of U.S. account-holders and, in exchange, U.S. financial institutions will be required 
to report to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service in respect of any Irish-resident account- holders. The two tax 
authorities will then automatically exchange this information on an annual basis. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to require Noteholders to provide any information regarding their tax status, identity 
or residency in order to satisfy any reporting requirements which the Issuer may have as a result of the Ireland 
IGA or any legislation promulgated in connection with the agreement and investors will be deemed, by their 
subscription for or holding of the Notes to have authorised the automatic disclosure of such information by the 
Issuer or any other person to the relevant tax authorities. 
 
AUTOMATIC EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation (as amended by Council 
Directive 2014/107/EU) (“DAC2”) provides for the implementation among EU Member States (and certain third 
countries that have entered into information exchange agreements) of the automatic exchange of information 
in respect of various categories of income and capital and creates a mandatory obligation for Member States to 
exchange financial account information in respect of residents in other Member States on an annual basis. 
On 14 July 2014 the OECD issued the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information (“the 
Standard”) which therein contains the CRS. The subsequent introduction of the Multilateral Competent Authority 
Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information provides the international framework for 
the implementation of the CRS by participating jurisdictions. 
The main objective of the CRS is to provide for the annual automatic exchange of certain financial account 
information between relevant tax authorities of participating jurisdictions.  
Under the CRS, governments of participating jurisdictions (currently more than 100 jurisdictions which includes 
all EU member states) are required to collect detailed information to be shared with other jurisdictions annually.  
CRS is implemented in Ireland pursuant to the Returns of Certain Information by Reporting Financial Institutions 
Regulations 2015, S.I. 583 of 2015, made under section 891F of the TCA.  
DAC2 is implemented in Ireland pursuant to the Mandatory Automatic Exchange of Information in the Field of 
Taxation Regulations of 2015, S.I. No. 609 of 2015 made under section 891G of the TCA.  
Pursuant to these regulations, the Issuer may be required to obtain and report to the Revenue Commissioners 
annually certain financial account and other information for all new and existing holders of Notes (other than 
Irish and US holders)  and, in certain circumstances, their controlling persons. The returns are required to be 
submitted on or before 30 June annually with respect to the previous calendar year. The information will include 
amongst other things, details of the name, address, taxpayer identification number (“TIN”), place of residence 
and, in the case of holders of Notes who are individuals, the date and place of birth, together with details relating 
to payments made to accountholders and their holdings. This information may be shared with tax authorities 
in other EU Member States (and in certain third countries subject to the terms of Information Exchange 
Agreements entered into with those countries) and jurisdictions which implement the CRS. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to require Noteholders to provide any information regarding their tax status, identity 
or residency in order to satisfy any reporting requirements which the Issuer may have as a result of DAC2 or 
CRS or any legislation promulgated in connection with DAC2 or CRS and investors will be deemed, by their 
subscription for or holding of the Notes to have authorised the automatic disclosure of such information by the 
Issuer or any other person to the relevant tax authorities.

--- Page 110 ---
Page 110 
EU ANTI-TAX AVOIDANCE DIRECTIVES 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised implementation of the 
BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 on 12 July 2016 (“ATAD 
1”). The EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 on 29 May 2017, amending ATAD 1, to provide for 
minimum standards for counteracting hybrid mismatches involving Member States and third countries (“ATAD 
2”, together with ATAD 1, “ATAD”). 
With effect from 1 January 2020, in line with the requirements of ATAD, hybrid mismatch rules have been 
introduced in Ireland to “neutralise” “hybrid mismatches” (the “Hybrid Mismatch Rules”). The purpose of the 
Hybrid Mismatch Rules is: 
(a) 
to prevent arrangements that exploit differences in the tax treatment of a financial instrument or 
an entity under the laws of two or more jurisdictions to generate a tax advantage; or 
(b) 
where such arrangements exist, to “neutralise” the tax advantage through the loss of a tax-
deduction or the imposition of a tax charge, as the case may be. 
These rules could potentially apply to the Issuer where: (i) the interest that it pays under the Notes, and claims 
deductions from its taxable income for, is not brought into account as taxable income by the relevant 
Noteholder, either because of the characterisation of the Notes, or the payments made under them, or because 
of the nature of the Noteholder itself; and (ii) the mismatch arises between associated enterprises, between the 
Issuer and an associated enterprise or under a structured arrangement. It is not clear if the Issuer would have 
any associated enterprise, however if the Issuer has, or had at any time, an associated enterprise, unless there 
is a hybrid mismatch, the measures should not impact payments on the Notes. For the purposes of the hybrid 
rules, a structured arrangement is one involving a mismatch outcome where the mismatch outcome is priced 
into the terms of the arrangement or the arrangement was designed to give rise to a mismatch outcome. 
Separately, ATAD 1 provides for an “interest limitation rule” which restricts the deductible interest of an entity 
to the higher of (a) EUR 3,000,000 or (b) 30 per cent. of its earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and 
amortisation. However, the interest limitation only applies to the net borrowing costs of an entity (being the 
amount by which its borrowing costs exceed its taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent 
taxable revenues).  
Interest limitation rules have been introduced in Ireland with effect from 1 January 2022. 
MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS   
The United States federal income tax classification of the Notes are not entirely clear.  Because the interest 
payable on the Notes and maturity date can vary depending on the profits of the Issuer, it is possible that the 
Notes may be treated as equity interests in the Issuer for US federal income tax purposes.  If so treated, the 
Notes will be considered equity interests in a passive foreign investment company, which are subject to special 
tax considerations, including additional taxes levied on certain distributions received from the Issuer or gain on 
the sale of the Notes.  If the Notes are considered debt instruments for US federal income tax purposes, the 
Notes may be considered contingent payment debt instruments, which are subject to special rules generally 
requiring the investor to accrue interest income according to an assumed yield and account for variations in 
that yield according to the performance of the Note.  Other potential characterizations of the Notes may be 
possible.   
 
Investors are urged to consult their tax advisor regarding the proper US federal income tax characterization of 
the Notes, the passive foreign investment company rules, the contingent payment debt instrument rules, and 
any other potential characterization of the Notes or special tax rules to which the Notes may be subject. 
Investors should also consult their tax advisor regarding the recognition of foreign currency gain or loss from 
payments on, and on disposition of the Notes as well as the US state and local tax characterization off the Notes.

--- Page 111 ---
Page 111 
Investors may also be subject to additional US federal income tax considerations depending on their particular 
circumstances.  
 
INVESTORS ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE US FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL 
TAX CHARACTERIZATION OF THE NOTES, AS WELL AS THE TAX CONSIDERATIONS RELEVANT TO THEM OF 
ACQUIRING, HOLDING OR DISPOSING OF THE NOTES IN LIGHT OF THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.

--- Page 112 ---
Page 112 
15. SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers on the implications of making an 
investment in, holding or disposing of Notes and the receipt of all amounts with respect to such Notes under 
the laws of the countries in which they may be liable to taxation and on any related subscription, sale and 
transfer restrictions and any adverse tax, accounting, liquidity or other consequences. 
Neither the Issuer nor Prodigy Finance, nor any Agent nor the Trustee, service provider or professional adviser 
referred to within the Base Prospectus, accepts any liability with respect thereto including any responsibility for 
the classification of the Notes by regulatory, tax or similar authorities. 
 
PROHIBITION ON SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
Each Placing Agent will be required to represent and agree, and the Issuer will require any other person acting 
on its behalf with respect to the Notes to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in any member state of the European Economic Area. For these purposes: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or  
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
 
PROHIBITION ON SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
Each Placing Agent will be required to represent and agree, and the Issuer will require any other person acting 
on its behalf with respect to the Notes to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 113 ---
Page 113 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as amended 
and as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as amended and as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended and as it forms 
part of domestic UK law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the “UK Prospectus Regulation”): 
and 
 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
 
OTHER UK RESTRICTIONS 
Each Placing Agent will be required to agree, and the Issuer will require any other person acting on its behalf 
with respect to the Notes to agree, that: 
(a) 
it has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom; 
 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
 
(c) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
 
IRELAND 
Each Placing Agent will be required to agree, and the Issuer will require any other person acting on its behalf 
with respect to the Notes to agree, that it will not offer, place or do anything with respect to the Notes otherwise 
than in compliance with: 
(a) 
the provisions of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended) (the “2014 Act”); 
(b) 
the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and any delegated or implementing acts adopted 
thereunder, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of Ireland (as amended) and any other 
Irish prospectus law as defined in the 2014 Act, the Central Bank (Investment Market Conduct) Rules 
2019 of Ireland (as amended) and any other rules made or guidelines issued under section 1363 of the 
2014 Act;

--- Page 114 ---
Page 114 
(c) 
the provisions of (i) the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (S.I. No. 
375 of 2017) of Ireland (as amended), and they will conduct themselves in accordance with any rules or 
codes of conduct and any conditions or requirements, or any other enactment, imposed or approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland with respect to anything done by them in relation to the Notes and (ii) 
the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(d) 
the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 
2014 on market abuse and the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 of Ireland (as 
amended) and any other Irish market abuse law as defined in those Regulations or in the 2014 Act and 
any rules made or guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland pursuant thereto; and 
(e) 
the provisions of the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 of Ireland (as amended) and any rules or codes of 
conduct or practice made under section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 of Ireland (as amended) 
and any regulations issued pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 
2013 of Ireland (as amended). 
UNITED STATES 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except 
in a transaction not involving a public offering of securities pursuant to Rule 506(b) or Rule 506(c) of Regulation 
D, as applicable, to investors who are “accredited investors” (as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D) (investors 
meeting such requirements are referred to herein as “US Eligible Investors”).  The Issuer has not registered and 
will not register under the Investment Company Act, and accordingly, the investors in the Notes will not be 
entitled to the protections afforded by the Investment Company Act.  Any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation 
S) that wishes to purchase Notes will be required to execute the applicable Letter of Interest pursuant to which 
it will confirm that it is a US Eligible Investor and it will make such additional representations and 
acknowledgements as required by the Issuer and the applicable provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws, 
including without limitation, Rule 506(b) or (c) of Regulation D, and any applicable U.S. state securities or “blue 
sky” laws. It is further contemplated that, in the case of a Rule 506(c) offering, all purchases of Notes shall be 
made by a US Eligible Investor through a registered U.S. broker dealer, which will confirm the U.S. investor’s 
“accredited investor” status or, alternatively, the U.S. investor will provide such other information, 
documentation or third-party confirmation as the Issuer deems necessary under the circumstances to satisfy 
the “reasonable verification requirement” contained within Rule 506(c) of Regulation D. 
U.S. Investors Must Qualify as Accredited Investors to Invest in Notes 
The offering and sale of the Notes in the U.S. are being made pursuant to a private placement in a transaction 
pursuant to Rule 506(b) or Rule 506(c) of Regulation D, as applicable. Rule 506(b) permits the Issuer to sell the 
Notes in a private placement to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) in the U.S. provided that the Issuer 
limits the offer and the sale of the Notes in the U.S. to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) who are, or who 
the Issuer reasonably believe qualify as, “accredited investors” as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D. Rule 
506(c) of Regulation D, permits the Issuer to offer the Notes for sale in the U.S. to U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S) provided that the sale of the Notes are limited to those U.S. persons who qualify as “accredited 
investors” as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D and the Issuer takes reasonable steps to verify that the 
purchasers of the Notes are accredited investors. 
In the case of individuals, an accredited investor must either (i) have an individual net worth, or joint net worth 
with that individual’s spouse, at the time of sale of the Notes in excess of $1,000,000 USD (exclusive of the 
individual’s or individual’s and spouse’s joint equity interest in his, her or their primary residence), or (ii) have 
had income in excess of $200,000 USD (or an income in excess of $300,000 USD when combined with the income 
of a spouse) in each of the two most recent years and must reasonably expect to have income in excess of 
$200,000 USD (or an income in excess of $300,000 USD when combined with the income of a spouse) in the 
current year. Other types of accredited investors who will be permitted to invest in the Notes include (but are

--- Page 115 ---
Page 115 
not limited to) (i) banks or savings and loan associations acting in an individual or fiduciary capacity; (ii) brokers 
or dealers registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; (iii) insurance companies; (iv) certain qualified 
employee benefit plans; (v) a corporation, business trust or partnership not formed for the purpose of making 
the investment in the Notes and which has total assets in excess of $5,000,000 USD; and (vi) any entity in which 
all of the equity owners are accredited investors. 
Employee benefit plans and individual retirement accounts (“IRAs”) will qualify as accredited investors if either 
(i) the investment decision is made by a plan fiduciary that is a bank, savings and loan association, insurance 
company or registered investment adviser, (ii) the plan, has total assets in excess of $5,000,000 USD or, (iii) the 
plan is a self-directed plan with investment decisions made solely by persons who are accredited investors. 
Each prospective U.S. investor must also represent that it has such knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the proposed investment, and that it can 
bear the economic risk of the investment (i.e., at the time of the investment, the prospective investor can afford 
a complete loss of the investment and can afford to hold the investment for an indefinite period of time). The 
fiduciary of any employee benefit plan must also represent that the investment is permissible under the 
governing plan documents and is both prudent and suitable for the plan in light of the plan’s risk tolerance and 
need for diversification and liquidity. 
U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) investing in the Notes will be required to confirm to the Issuer and, in 
the case of a Rule 506(c) offering, to the registered U.S. broker dealer through which the investors are purchasing 
Notes their qualification as an “accredited investor” and to provide the Issuer and said registered U.S. broker 
dealer such information or documentation as the Issuer and/or the broker dealer may request to confirm the 
investors’ eligibility to purchase the Notes and to satisfy any applicable regulatory requirement. In the event that 
a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) invests in the Notes offered pursuant to Rule 506(c) of Regulation D, 
the Issuer is required to take reasonable steps to verify that such investor meets the “accredited investor” 
qualification, which will turn on factors such as the nature of the investor and type of accredited investor that 
the investor claims to be, the amount and type of information that the Issuer has or is provided on the investor 
and the nature of the offering. The SEC has provided a non-exclusive list of specific methods for satisfying the 
verification requirement in Rule 506(c) of Regulation D, including, but not limited to, reliance on written 
confirmation from a registered broker-dealer, an SEC-registered investment adviser, a licensed attorney or a 
certified public accountant that such person or entity has taken reasonable steps to verify that an investor is an 
accredited investor within the prior three months and has determined that such an investor is an accredited 
investor. The Issuer intends to comply with the reasonable verification requirement in connection with any offer 
and sale of Notes to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) pursuant to Rule 506(c), which may include, for 
example, reliance on a registered broker-dealer or other third-party verification or on some other comparable 
procedure or method to confirm investor qualification as an “accredited investor”. In addition, the Issuer will file 
a Form D with the SEC and any comparable state notification with any applicable U.S. state regulatory authority 
that may be required in connection with the sales of Notes to U.S. accredited investors under Rules 506(b) or 
506(c) of Regulation D. 
U.S. Risk Retention—Safe Harbor for Foreign Offerings 
The Issuer does not intend, and neither Prodigy Finance nor any of its affiliates intends, to comply with the risk 
retention provisions of Section 15G of the Exchange Act in reliance upon the safe harbor for foreign offerings.  
That safe harbor is available when no more than 10% of the dollar value (or equivalent amount in the currency 
in which the asset-backed interests are issued, as applicable) of all asset-backed interests will initially be sold or 
transferred to U.S. persons or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons.  The offering of the Notes will be 
conducted in order that such safe harbor will be available. 
U.S. Transfer Restrictions  
Each prospective purchaser (other than the Issuer) of any Notes, by accepting delivery of such Notes, will have 
represented, acknowledged and agreed that:

--- Page 116 ---
Page 116 
• 
For a prospective purchaser who is not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act), each such purchaser represents that it is located outside the United States and does not come 
within the definition of a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S), nor is such person acting for the 
account or benefit of any such U.S. person. 
 
• 
Each such non-U.S. person purchasing the Notes from the Issuer agrees that if it offers or sells the 
Notes prior to the expiration of 40 days after the closing date of the offering of the Notes, it will not 
make such an offer or sale to a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or for the account or benefit 
of any such U.S. person; and that any subsequent offer or sale to a U.S. person (as defined in 
Regulation S) may only be made to an “accredited investor” (as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D) 
in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
• 
For a prospective purchaser who is a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S), each such purchaser 
represents that it is an “accredited investor” (as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D) and that any 
purchase of Notes shall be in a private placement transaction in compliance with the provisions of 
Rule 506(b) or Rule 506(c) of Regulation D, as applicable. 
 
• 
It understands that the Notes purchased by it are being offered and may be transferred only in 
transactions not involving any public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities 
Act or the Investment Company Act, as applicable. It understands that the Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act, or under any U.S. state “blue sky” laws, and that the 
Issuer has not registered and will not register under the Investment Company Act. It agrees, for the 
benefit of the Issuer, any distributors or dealers and any such persons' affiliates, that, if in the future 
it decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes purchased by it, any offer, resale or 
transfer will be made in compliance with the Securities Act, the Investment Company Act and any 
applicable U.S. state securities laws, and with respect to any prospective purchaser who is a U.S. 
person (as defined in Regulation S), such prospective purchaser shall be an “accredited investor” (as 
defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D). 
 
• 
It acknowledges that the Issuer reserves the right to make inquiries of any Holder of such Notes or 
interests therein at any time as to such person's status under the U.S. securities laws and qualification 
as an “accredited investor”, and to require any such person that has not satisfied the Issuer that such 
person is holding appropriately under the U.S. securities laws or does not qualify as an “accredited 
investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D) to transfer such Notes or interests immediately to 
the Issuer. 
 
• 
It represents that, for purposes of Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA"), either 
(i) it is not purchasing Notes for the account of or with the assets of a benefit plan investor within the 
meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations or (ii) it is not purchasing Notes for the account of or with the 
assets of a governmental, church or non-US plan unless its purchase and holding of the Notes would 
not constitute a violation of any federal, state, local or non-US laws substantially similar to sections 
406 of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code. 
 
• 
It agrees that it will inform each subsequent purchaser of Notes from it of these transfer restrictions 
(the “Transfer Restrictions”) and will not transfer the Notes transferred to any Person unless the 
transferee provides an undertaking to be bound by the Transfer Restrictions contained herein. 
 
• 
It acknowledges that since all of the Notes will be in the form of Book-Entry Notes, neither the Issuer, 
the Registrar, the global custodian, transfer agent, Trustee nor the clearing system will have the ability 
to monitor subsequent transfers of the Notes to ensure compliance with, nor shall the Issuer,

--- Page 117 ---
Page 117 
Registrar, global custodian, transfer agent, Trustee or clearing system have any liability to any person 
or entity for violations of, the Transfer Restrictions. 
 
• 
It acknowledges that the Issuer, the Registrar, any distributors or dealers and their affiliates, and 
others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing representations, acknowledgements and 
agreements. 
 
U.S. General  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with (i) the offer and sale of the 
Notes outside the United States to non-U.S. persons and for the listing of the Notes on Euronext Dublin, and (ii) 
for the offer and sale of the Notes in the United States to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) who are 
“accredited investors” in a private transaction in accordance with Rule 506(b) or 506(c) of Regulation D, as 
applicable, and exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Issuer and any distributor 
or dealer and any of their affiliates reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase, in whole or in part, for any 
reason, or to sell less than the principal amount of Notes which may be offered. This Base Prospectus does not 
constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except 
as permitted by and in accordance with the provisions of Rule 506(b) or Rule 506(c) of Regulation D, as applicable. 
Distribution of this Base Prospectus to any person within the United States is unauthorised except to the extent 
permitted by and in compliance with the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) or 506(c) of Regulation D, as applicable. 
Any disclosure of any of the contents of Base Prospectus, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, is 
prohibited. 
These Transfer Restrictions may be modified by the Issuer following a change in a relevant law, regulation or 
directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
GENERAL 
Other than as provided in the Final Terms in respect of any Series of Notes, no representation has been made 
that any action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any amendment or supplement hereto or any information 
booklet or advertisement or any other offering or publicity material relating to the Notes, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. The Issuer and any entity acting on its behalf will comply 
to the best of its knowledge and belief in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
jurisdiction in which it acquires, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base 
Prospectus or any such other material. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant 
only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or, in any other cases, in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 118 ---
Page 118 
16. FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below.  The completed Final Terms for each Series, which are described in this 
Base Prospectus as the "Series Final Terms” or the "Final Terms" will be published on the website of the Irish 
Stock Exchange p.l.c., trading as Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
The Base Prospectus dated 7 November 2022 (the “Base Prospectus”) has been approved by the Central Bank 
of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
The Central Bank of Ireland has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject 
of these final terms and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
securities. 
 
PROHIBITION ON SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / professional investors and ECPs target market - Solely for the purposes of the 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “MiFID II distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a MiFID II distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION ON SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the 
EUWA (as amended, the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by

--- Page 119 ---
Page 119 
the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MIFIR product governance / professional investors and ECPs target market - Solely for the purposes of the 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties as defined in the Financial Conduct 
Authority’s (“FCA”) Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, 
"UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “UK MiFIR distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK MiFIR distributor subject to the UK 
FCA’s Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.

--- Page 120 ---
Page 120 
 
MBA COMMUNITY LOANS PLC 
(Incorporated with limited liability in Ireland under registered number 486917) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 6354005COMAJVTF3BZ29 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €1,000,000,000 Note Programme 
FINAL TERMS DATED [  •  ] 
 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Placing Agent to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3(1) of 
the Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Placing Agent has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in any other circumstances.  
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and the expression “UK Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic UK law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 November 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [  •  ] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information. [A summary of the issue of the 
Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] 7 The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish 
Stock Exchange p.l.c., trading as Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [5 September 2014]/ [12 August 2015]/[29 July 
2016]/[14 August 2017]/[21 August 2018]/[18 July 2019]/[21 August 2020]/[10 September 2021] [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [  •  ]] which [is][are] incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus dated 7 
November 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus dated 7 November 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [  •  ]], which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain all 
relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [5 
                                                          
7  Only to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 121 ---
Page 121 
September 2014]/[12 August 2015]/[29 July 2016]/[14 August 2017]/[21 August 2018]/[18 July 2019]/[21 August 
2020]/[10 September 2021] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [  •  ]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer 
of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectuses 
dated 7 November 2022 and [5 September 2014]/[12 August 2015]/[29 July 2016]/[14 August 2017]/[21 August 
2018]/[18 July 2019]/[21 August 2020]/[10 September 2021]. [A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to 
these Final Terms.] 8 The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange p.l.c., 
trading as Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).]] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
MBA Community Loans plc  
2. 
(a) Series Number: 
(b) Tranche Number: 
 
[  •  ] 
[  •  ] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes become fungible.) 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[  •  ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
Series: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[  •  ] or [Up to [  •  ] The aggregate nominal amounts of the 
Notes to be issued will depend, among other things, on the 
amount of the Notes for which offers to subscribe are 
received during the Offer Period (as defined at paragraph 7 
of Part B below) and will be specified in an announcement to 
be published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange 
p.l.c., 
trading 
as 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) after the expiration 
of the Offer Period.]   
 
[Tranche: 
[  •  ] [As above]] 
5. 
Issue Date: 
[  •  ] or such other date as will be specified in an 
announcement to be published on the website of the Irish 
Stock 
Exchange 
p.l.c., 
trading 
as 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) after the expiration 
of the Offer Period. 
6. 
(a) Minimum Denomination: 
 
(b) Minimum Trading Amount: 
[  •  ] 
[  •  ] 
7. 
(a) Interest Commencement Date (if different 
from the Issue Date): 
 
(b) Issue Price: 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ 
Specify] 
 
[  •  ] per cent. 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[  •  ] 
                                                          
8  Only to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 122 ---
Page 122 
9. 
Status of the Notes: 
Secured among themselves as described in Condition 4.1 
10.  (a)  In Specie Subscription: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
In Specie Subscription Level 
[[  •  ] per cent. of Aggregate Notional Amount]  
[(including Requisite Impaired Loan Percentage)] 
11. Method of distribution: 
Directly to investors 
12. Governing law: 
Irish  
13.  Benchmark 
Regulation: 
Article 
29(2) 
 
statement on benchmarks:  
[Not Applicable]  
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of benchmark(s)], 
which [is/are] provided by [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s] – if more than one specify in relation to 
each relevant benchmark].  
As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [(“ESMA”)] pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) [(the 
“BMR”)]. [repeat as necessary]]  
[EURIBOR in respect of euro and a specified period is the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank 
offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in 
accordance with the requirements from time to time of the 
European Banking Federation] 
[Term SONIA is the forward-looking term reference rate for 
a designated period derived from the Sterling overnight 
index average (SONIA) rate published by the Bank of 
England, which is calculated and published by ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (or any other person 
which takes over administration of that rate).  
[Term SOFR is the forward-looking term reference rate for a 
designated period derived from the US Dollar Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) published by the New York 
Federal Reserve Bank, which is calculated and published by 
CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (or any 
other person which takes over administration of that rate).

--- Page 123 ---
Page 123 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST PAYABLE 
14.  
Interest: 
Pursuant to Condition 5.1, on each Payment Date, interest is 
payable on an available funds basis calculated in accordance 
with the Priorities of Payments in an amount up to the 
Accrued Interest Balance (as described in Condition 1).   
15.  
Payment Date(s): 
[         ] 
16.  
Calculation Date(s):  
[As specified in the Conditions] / [  •  ] 
17. 
Base Rate:  
[[      ] [day/week/month] [EURIBOR] / [Term SONIA] / [Term 
SOFR] / [Wall Street Journal Prime Rate] / [Bank of England 
Base Rate]  
18. 
Margin: 
[  •  ]% 
19.   
Target Interest Rate:  
[[  •  ]% above the [sum of the] Base Rate [plus the Margin] 
or [  •  ]% where the [sum of the] Base Rate [plus the Margin] 
has a negative value]  
20.  
Interest Periods:  
As described in the Conditions  
21.  
Target Interest Rate Determination 
Date(s):  
[As described in the Conditions] / [  •  ]  
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PRINCIPAL PAYMENTS / PARTIAL REDEMPTION 
22.  
Principal Payments:  
On each Payment Date, an amount of principal shall be 
payable on an available funds basis in accordance with the 
Priorities of Payments as set out in Condition 4.3. 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
Registered 
 
 
Certificate: 
[Permanent 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable 
in 
the 
circumstances specified in the permanent Global Certificate] 
/ [Individual Certificates] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO FINANCIAL GUARANTEE 
24.  
Financial Guarantee: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[If 
applicable, 
further 
information on the Financial Guarantee will have to be 
included in a supplement to the Base Prospectus]

--- Page 124 ---
Page 124 
25. 
Financial Guarantor  
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] [If applicable, further information 
on the Financial Guarantor will have to be included in a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO STUDENT LOANS 
26. 
Eligible Institutions:  
[Specify one or more institutions that meet the definition of 
"Eligible Institutions" in Condition 1.] 
27.  
Eligible Institutions Ranking Concentration: 
A. Ranking Criteria 
B. Ranked Percentage 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable]. 
[  •  ] 
[  •  ]% 
28. 
Eligible Courses:  
[Specify] 
29. 
Acquisition Period: 
The period beginning on the Issue Date and ending [  •  ].   
30.  
Overcapitalisation Level:  
[Specify percentage figure]/ [not applicable]  
31. 
Borrower life cover requirements: 
[Not Applicable]/[Group life cover policy underwritten by 
Sagicor Life]/ [ Specify] 
32. 
Permitted loan purposes: 
[Payment of tuition fees only]/[Payment of tuition fees 
and/or living and related expenses]/[Payment of living and 
related expenses] [and/or refinancing a loan borrowed for 
any such purpose.]  
33.   
Loan advance arrangements: 
[Directly to Eligible Institution]/[Directly to Borrower]/ 
Directly to Eligible Institution and/or Borrower] [and/or] 
[Directly to the third party lender of the student loan(s) 
(including to a restricted account of the Borrower 
maintained by the third party lender in accordance with 
such third party lender’s administrative and procedural 
requirements)]/[[Loan Originator has advanced relevant 
disbursement(s) in accordance with the foregoing]. 
34. 
Refinancing of student loan 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
35.   
Student Geographic Concentration: 
 
 
A. Permitted Borrower Countries  
 
B. Restricted Borrower Countries  
[Not applicable]/ [Applicable] 
[  •  ] / [Not applicable] 
[  •  ] / [Not applicable]  
36.  
Gender concentration 
 
 
A. Requisite Gender Percentage 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[  •  ]% [Female] [Male] 
37. 
Impaired Student Loans 
 
A. Requisite Impaired Loan Percentage 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[  •  ]%/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 125 ---
Page 125 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO FEES AND EXPENSES 
38.  
Placing Agency Fee: 
[  •  ] 
39. 
Origination Fee: 
[  •  ] 
40. 
Servicing and Management Fee:  
[  •  ] 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and] [admission to trading on [the regulated 
market of the Irish Stock Exchange p.l.c., trading as Euronext Dublin]] of the Notes described herein pursuant 
to the €1,000,000,000 Note Programme of [the Issuer]. 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms which, when read together 
with the Base Prospectus referred to above, contains all information that is material to the issue of the Notes. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 126 ---
Page 126 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.  
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)  
Listing: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the [Official List of the 
Irish Stock Exchange p.l.c., trading as Euronext Dublin]].  /  [Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the [Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange p.l.c., trading as Euronext Dublin] 
with effect from [  •  ].] 
(ii)  
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange p.l.c., trading as Euronext Dublin] with effect from [  •  ].]  / 
[Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the [regulated 
market of the Irish Stock Exchange p.l.c., trading as Euronext Dublin with effect from [  •  ].]  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
   
2.  
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the Loan Originator, the Loan Servicer, the Back-Up Servicer, the Placing Agent, the 
Trustee, the Corporate Services Provider and SGBT, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
 
3.  
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) Reasons for the offer 
[  •  ] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from making profit will need to 
include those reasons here.) 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
Up to [  •  ] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority.) 
(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[  •  ] 
(Expenses are required to be broken down into each 
principal intended “use” and presented in order of priority of 
such “uses”.)  
4.  
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Notes only)

--- Page 127 ---
Page 127 
Details of performance of [insert relevant Benchmark] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance] 
 
5.  
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) ISIN Code: 
[  •  ] 
(ii) Common Code: 
[  •  ] 
(iii) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) The Agents appointed in respect of 
the Notes are: 
[Details of Agents.] 
(vi) Trustee: 
Apex Corporate Trustees (UK) Limited 
 
6.  
DISTRIBUTION  
Placing Agent: 
[Specify Placing Agent(s)] 
 
7.  
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER9 
[Offer Price:] 
[Issue Price][specify] 
[Conditions to which the offer is subject:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Description of the application process:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
                                                          
9  Only applicable for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 128 ---
Page 128 
[Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Time period during which the offer will be 
open:]  
[The period from [specify date] until [specify date or a 
formula such as "the Issue Date" or "the date which 
falls [] Business Days thereafter"] (Offer Period).  The 
Offer Period may be shortened or lengthened by the 
Issuer and details of any such change will be specified 
in an announcement to be published on the website 
of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
[Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser:] 
 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 129 ---
Page 129 
[ANNEX – FORM OF ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY]10 
 
(Issuer to annex issue specific summary to the final terms on a drawdown) 
 
 
                                                          
10  Only to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 130 ---
Page 130 
17. GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
GENERAL 
Audited financial statements for the financial years ended 7 July 2020 and 7 July 2021 and unaudited financial 
statements for the six-month period ended 7 January 2022 (in each case, prepared in accordance with IFRS) have 
been approved by the Board of Directors and are incorporated herein. The Issuer does not intend to provide 
post issuance information in relation to either the Notes or the underlying Student Loans. 
AUTHORISATION 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by resolutions of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 20 September 2010. The updating of the Programme and the issue of 
Notes thereunder was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 3 November 
2022. 
LISTING OF NOTES ON EURONEXT DUBLIN  
It is expected that each Series of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin will be 
admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of the Global Certificate initially representing 
the Notes of each Tranche of such Series. The listing of the Programme in respect of Notes is expected to be 
granted on or around 7 November 2022. The time required to effect the listing of a Note is variable and may 
take in excess of one month. 
The estimated total expenses related to the admission to trading of the Programme is €8,500. 
SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL CHANGE 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer since 7 January 2022 (the date of the 
latest financial statements incorporated herein) and no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of the Issuer since 7 July 2021 (the date of the latest audited financial statements incorporated herein). 
The key contributor to the losses in the financial statements is the IFRS impairment provision on the outstanding 
loan portfolio. The impairment is front-loaded based on current loan portfolio balance, whereas the Issuer will 
benefit from excess spread (aggregate Student Loan interest obligations exceed the Issuer’s Note interest 
obligation for any Series) earned over the term of each Series of Notes. This excess spread will mitigate against 
the impairment and any losses to the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
LITIGATION 
The Issuer (whether as defendant or otherwise) is not and has not been involved in any governmental or legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have, or have in such period had, a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY  
For so long as the Notes of any Series remain outstanding or Notes may be issued under the Programme, copies 
of the Constitution of the Issuer and the Principal Trust Deed are available on the website of the Loan Servicer 
at https://prodigyfinance.com/social-impact/invest/. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin, are 
incorporated by reference herein:

--- Page 131 ---
Page 131 
(i) 
the section of each of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 29 March 2011, 15 May 2012, 15 January 
2013, 28 January 2014, 5 September 2014, 12 August 2015, 29 July 2016, 14 August 2017, 21 August 2018, 
18 July 2019, 21 August 2020 and 10 September 2021 entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” which 
base 
prospectuses 
are 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at: 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/p176%7C25257/documents  
(ii) 
the unaudited financial statements of the Issuer for the six month period ended 7 January 2022 (prepared 
in accordance with IFRS), which are available at:  https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202208/b4697ed7-e4b5-4245-8740-217981e597d1.PDF  
(iii) the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 7 July 2020 (prepared in 
accordance with IFRS), which are available at:  https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202108/5c026a6e-fcfe-4c24-ae1e-581bc9df8c5d.pdf  
(iv) the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 7 July 2021 (prepared in 
accordance with IFRS), which are available at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202208/59df5f88-9c22-42a0-b892-57eb75a99869.PDF  
The non-incorporated parts of the documents referred to at (i) above are either not relevant to the investor or 
are covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
WEBSITES 
While throughout this Base Prospectus references are made to websites, the information on such websites does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Notes (represented by Global Certificates) have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate ISIN and Common Code for each Series will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or Alternative Clearing System, the 
appropriate information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The address of Euroclear is 3 Boulevard 
de Roi, Albert 11, B.1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
WITHHOLDING TAX AT SOURCE 
All payments of principal and interest by the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within Ireland or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding is required by law. Under Irish tax law, the Issuer may be required 
to operate withholding tax on payments of interest to Noteholders. Section 14 “Taxation” of this Base Prospectus 
and Condition 8 of the Notes (as set out in Section 8 “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” of this Base Prospectus) 
outline further details in relation to the operation of withholding tax on the Notes. Other than as described in 
Section 14 “Taxation” of this Base Prospectus, no amounts of withholding tax will be withheld by the Issuer or 
agents acting on behalf of the Issuer with respect to payments made to Noteholders in any jurisdiction. Subject 
to the above, the Issuer assumes no responsibility for withholding tax at source. 
Prospective investors are recommended to consult their own professional advisers on the implications of 
making an investment in, holding or disposing of Notes and the receipt of all amounts with respect to such 
Notes under the laws of all of the countries in which they may be liable to taxation.

--- Page 132 ---
Page 132 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre 
Abbey Street Lower 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Tel: 353 1 400 5355 
 
TRUSTEE 
Apex Corporate Trustees (UK) Limited  
6th Floor, 140 London Wall 
London EC2Y 5DN 
United Kingdom 
 
LOAN ORIGINATOR, LOAN SERVICER, CALCULATION AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Prodigy Finance Ltd 
Palladium House, 1-4 Argyll Street 
London W1F 7LD 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
11 avenue emile reuter 
L-2420 Luxembourg 
 
CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER 
Apex IFS Limited 
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre 
Abbey Street Lower 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
11 avenue emile reuter 
L-2420 Luxembourg 
 
BACK-UP SERVICER 
Equiniti Gateway Limited

--- Page 133 ---
Page 133 
Highdown House, Yeona Way 
Working 
West Sussex, BN99 3HH 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
As to Irish law: 
McCann FitzGerald LLP 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 Ireland 
 
As to US securities and tax law 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer US LLP 
601 Lexington Ave 
New York, NY 10022 
United States 
 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
1 Spencer Dock 
North Wall Quay 
IFSC 
Dublin 1 Ireland 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 Ireland