--- Page 1 ---
10242236824-v26 
- i- 
70-41040845 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
MBANK S.A. 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(incorporated as a joint stock company in the Republic of Poland) 
Under this €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), mBank S.A. (the 
"Issuer" or the "Bank", and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Group") may from time to 
time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer (as defined below).  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the 
Programme Agreement described herein under "Subscription and Sale" below), subject to any increase as 
described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General 
Description of the Programme" below and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from 
time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a 
specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in 
the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed for by more than one Dealer, be to all 
Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Article 8(1) of 
the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus has been approved 
by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), in its capacity as 
competent authority under Article 6(1) of the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses 
for securities (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"), as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Notes issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months after the date hereof. The CSSF has only approved this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as 
an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. The CSSF assumes no 
responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the 
Luxembourg Prospectus Law. Applications have been made for such Notes to be admitted during the period 
of 12 months after the date hereof to listing on the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the 
regulated market (the "Regulated Market") of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II").  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The 
Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.

--- Page 2 ---
10242236824-v26 
- ii - 
70-41040845 
 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for use for a 
period of up to 12 months after its approval and shall expire on 28 November 2023, at the latest. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered 
to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) 
and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to 
Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.  
The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with Exempt Notes (including the Pricing Supplement (as defined therein)). 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF 
THE SECURITIES ACT IS AVAILABLE AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION 
(SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE"). 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will 
be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final 
Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of Exempt 
Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the 
issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a 
pricing supplement document (the "Pricing Supplement"). 
The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) for each Tranche of Notes 
will state whether the Notes of such Tranche are to be: (i) Senior Notes; or (ii) Subordinated Notes and, if 
Senior Notes, whether such notes are: (a) Ordinary Senior Notes; (b) MREL Senior Notes; or (c) Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and, if Subordinated Notes, whether such Notes are: (a) Senior Subordinated Notes; 
or (b) Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), the 
Prague Interbank Offered Rate ("PRIBOR"), which is provided by Czech Financial Benchmark Facility 
s.r.o. ("Czech Financial Benchmark"), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), which is 
provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), 
which is provided by the Bank of England, or the Warsaw Interbank Offered Rate ("WIBOR"), which is 
provided by GPW Benchmark S.A. ("GPW Benchmark"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI, 
Czech Financial Benchmark and GPW Benchmark are included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation") but are not included in the register of administrators of the United Kingdom ("UK") Financial 
Conduct Authority under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic law 
of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation" and, together with the EU Benchmarks Regulations, the "Benchmarks Regulations"). As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of SONIA and SOFR are not included in such registers. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, under Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, the administrator of SONIA, the Bank of England, and the administrator of SOFR, the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, are not required to obtain authorisation or registration as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulations is a matter 
of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms (or the Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) to reflect any 
change in the registration status of an administrator.

--- Page 3 ---
10242236824-v26 
- iii - 
70-41040845 
 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors 
that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under 
"Risk Factors" below. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. A revision, 
suspension, reduction, or withdrawal of a rating may adversely affect the market price of the Notes. 
 
Arranger 
 
 
Commerzbank 
 
 
 
 
 
Dealers 
 
Barclays 
 
Commerzbank 
Credit Suisse 
 
Erste Group  
HSBC 
 
J.P. Morgan 
UBS Investment Bank 
 
UniCredit  
 
 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 28 November 2022

--- Page 4 ---
10242236824-v26 
- iv - 
70-41040845 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................. 5 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................. 10 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 15 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS .................................................................................................. 56 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 57 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................... 60 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 61 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 63 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT.................................................................................................. 81 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 98 
GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK ............................................................................................................. 154 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 155 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER AND OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP'S 
FINANCIAL CONDITION ..................................................................................................................... 156 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ........................................................................................................... 170 
RISK MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................................... 208 
MARKET AND LEGAL ENVIRONMENT ........................................................................................... 214 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE BANK ....................................................................................... 225 
MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY CORPORATE AUTHORITIES ............................................ 232 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 249 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 260 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 265

--- Page 5 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 5 - 
70-41040845 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and "UK Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer confirms that any information which has been extracted from an external source has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents deemed to be incorporated in it by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes: (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (ii) should be considered as 
a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to its date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the lifetime of 
the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention. 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment 
of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (as defined herein) and neither any Dealer nor the Issuer makes any 
representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels. None of the Dealers is 
responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of 
such use of proceeds. In addition none of the Dealers have conducted any due diligence on the Issuer's 
Green Bond Framework (as defined herein). Sustainalytics B.V. has issued an independent opinion, dated 
18 February 2022, on the Issuer's Green Bond Framework (the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second 
Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended 
to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation 
market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is 
a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given by any Dealer as to

--- Page 6 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 6 - 
70-41040845 
 
the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any third 
party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory 
or other regime or oversight. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by any Dealer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
such Notes and is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the 
basis of the Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time and 
the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein. The Issuer's Green Bond Framework may also be subject to 
review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to 
time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The 
Issuer's Green Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does 
not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. In the event any such Notes are, 
or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading, on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is 
given by any Dealer that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the 
Notes. 
As a result of the implementation of the BRRD (as defined herein) into Polish law or the law of any other 
relevant jurisdiction, Noteholders may be subject to write-down or conversion into instruments eligible for 
the Issuer's own funds on any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption, which 
may result in such Noteholders losing some or all of their investment. 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 
ISDA Definitions (each as defined herein). 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than the price 
that might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules. 
IMPORTANT- PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect 
of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect 
of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise

--- Page 7 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 7 - 
70-41040845 
 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect 
of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance", which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect 
of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance", which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any distributor subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
(the "FCA") Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001  
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect 
of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification", 
which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"). 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise specified before an offer 
of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) 
of the SFA), that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 8 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 8 - 
70-41040845 
 
REFERENCES TO LEGISLATION 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to any legislation (whether primary legislation or other subsidiary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation as the 
same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, superseded or re-enacted. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically 
indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes), no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers that is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose 
is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the UK, France, Singapore and Switzerland 
(see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets and of any financial variable that which might have a negative impact on the return on the 
Notes; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 9 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 9 - 
70-41040845 
 
A potential investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the 
other matters referred to above.  
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Group has been 
derived from (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial years ended 
2020 and 2021 and (ii) the condensed interim consolidated financial statements of the Group for the nine 
months ended 30 September 2022. 
The Group's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year 
are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Group's annual audited consolidated 
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
("IFRS") as adopted by the European Union. The Group's condensed interim consolidated financial 
statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard ("IAS") 34 'Interim 
Financial Reporting' as adopted by the European Union. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed thereto in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended. On 24 November 2022, the National Bank of Poland (the "NBP") exchange 
rate between the euro and złoty was EUR1 – PLN 4.6993, the exchange rate between U.S. dollars 
and złoty was USD1 – PLN 4.5101 and the exchange rate between the Swiss Franc and złoty was 
CHF1 – PLN 4.7808; 
• 
"Italy" refer to the Republic of Italy; 
• 
"PLN" and "złoty" refer to the lawful currency of the Republic of Poland; 
• 
"Poland" refer to the Republic of Poland; 
• 
"Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling;  
• 
"Swiss Franc" and "CHF" refer to the lawful currency of Switzerland; 
• 
"United States" refer to the United States of America; and 
• 
"USD" and "U.S. dollars" refer to United States dollars. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 10 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 10 - 
70-41040845 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, and must be read as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus 
as a whole, including any supplement hereto and the documents incorporated by reference herein. The 
following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified by, the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). Words and 
expressions defined in the terms and conditions of the Notes or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the 
same meanings in this section, unless otherwise stated. Prospective investors should consider, among other 
things, the following. 
Issuer: 
mBank S.A. 
 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
LEI: 
259400DZXF7UJKK2AY35 
 
Programme: 
 
The Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, from time to time issue Notes 
denominated in any currency as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. The aggregate nominal amount, any interest 
rate or interest calculation, the issue price and any other terms and 
conditions contained herein with respect to each Series of Notes will 
be determined at the time of issuance and set forth in the applicable 
Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes).  
 
Arranger: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
 
Erste Group Bank AG 
 
HSBC Continental Europe  
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
UBS Europe SE 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale"), including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus.  
 
No Notes having a maturity of 
less than one year:  
 
No Notes having a maturity of less than one year will be issued under 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 11 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 11 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed 
between the Issuer and the Dealers, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
 
Status of the Notes: 
 
 
Notes may be either Senior Notes (in which case they will be 
Ordinary Senior Notes, MREL Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) or Subordinated Notes (in which case they will be Senior 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) as more fully 
described in Condition 2 (Status of the Notes). 
 
Maturities: 
A maturity of at least one year or such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
 
Form of the Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in "Form of the 
Notes". 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and, on redemption, will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes))) or the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as 
defined therein) (and any successor thereto), as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), each as published 
by ISDA (or any successor) on its websites (www.isda.org), 
on the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such 
Series; or 
 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate such as EURIBOR, 
PRIBOR, WIBOR, SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, 
SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index, in each case as set out 
in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.

--- Page 12 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 12 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Reset Notes:  
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the 
initial fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes). 
Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more 
date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms by reference to the 
aggregate of a mid-market swap rate or government security for the 
relevant Specified Currency, and for a period equal to the reset 
period, and any applicable margin, in each case as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement 
in the case of Exempt Notes). Such interest will be payable in arrear 
on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or determined pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Notes for which no 
Prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with 
Exempt Notes. 
 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Conditions in which event 
the relevant provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
Benchmark discontinuation:  
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or Benchmark Transition 
Event the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions and following 
consultation with an Independent Adviser (as defined in the 
Conditions)) determine a Benchmark Replacement and an 
Adjustment Spread, if any, and any amendments in line with the 
Conditions. 
 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) will indicate either that: the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons, in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes, or 
following an Event of Default or, in the case of MREL Senior Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes, upon the 
occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, or, in the case of 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event), or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on 
such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
Noteholders. 
 
The terms of any such redemption, including notice periods, any 
relevant conditions to be satisfied and the relevant redemption dates 
and prices will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 13 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 13 - 
70-41040845 
 
Any early redemption of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or MREL Senior Notes will be subject to the prior consent of 
the Competent Authority to the extent required, in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
 
 
No Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be issued under 
this Base Prospectus.  
 
Negative Pledge:  
The terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes will contain a negative 
pledge provision as further described in Condition 3 (Negative 
Pledge). 
 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
 
Approval, Listing and 
Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as 
a base prospectus. Application has also been made for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or additional stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA, the UK, France, Singapore and 
Switzerland and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
 
Target Market:  
Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), 
Eligible Counterparties and Professional Clients only as defined in 
MiFID II and/or UK MiFIR; (all distribution channels). 
 
Regulatory Matters:  
Each issue of Notes in respect of which particular laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines,

--- Page 14 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 14 - 
70-41040845 
 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time, 
see "Subscription and Sale". 
 
Use of proceeds:  
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer for: (i) its general corporate purposes, which include making 
a profit; or (ii) any other purpose stated in the applicable Final Terms 
(or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
such as, without limitation, the refinancing or financing, in whole or 
in part, of eligible projects (as defined in the Green Bond 
Framework). If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified 
use of proceeds, such will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 15 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 15 - 
70-41040845 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is 
not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer 
may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material 
may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has 
identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its businesses 
and ability to make payments due under the Notes. In addition, the Issuer has described certain general 
risks applicable to an investment in Poland and to the Polish banking industry which are associated with 
an investment in the Notes. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings as given to them in this section. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER AND ITS GROUP 
1. Risks related to the business and industry of the Issuer and its Group 
The Group is exposed to the legal risks related to loans denominated in or indexed to CHF. 
The legal risk associated with the Bank's portfolio of foreign currency-denominated or foreign currency-
indexed loans ("FX loans"), predominantly retail mortgage loans indexed to CHF ("FX mortgage loans") 
has increased over the past few years. In most proceedings, the mortgage servicing provisions were deemed 
to be "abusive" clauses and therefore such findings have resulted in these provisions not being binding on 
or enforceable against the borrowers. Since the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union 
(the "CJEU") on 3 October 2019 ("CJEU October 2019 Judgment") confirming that a court's declaration 
of the invalidity of a loan agreement following the exclusion of any "abusive" conversion provisions in 
such loan agreement would be binding on the parties thereto, the number of court actions brought by 
borrowers against Polish banks has increased significantly. Due to the lack of the decisive opinion of the 
full panel of the Civil Chamber of the Supreme Court on the fundamental issues concerning FX loans, the 
common courts issue judgments against the background of the jurisprudence contained in previous rulings 
of the CJEU and the Supreme Court. 
In August 2021 a question was addressed to the CJEU, the subject of which was to determine whether in 
the event of cancellation of the loan agreement, the parties, in addition to the reimbursement of money paid 
in the performance of this agreement and statutory interest for delay from the moment of the call for 
payment, may also claim any other benefits, in particular remuneration, unjust enrichment, compensation, 
reimbursement or valorisation of the benefit. The hearing before the CJEU took place on 12 October 2022, 
and the verdict is expected in 2023. The ruling issued in this case will be of significant importance for the 
shaping of jurisprudence in matters of foreign currency indexed loans. The approach taken is also expected 
to be reflected in the parameters of the Bank's provisioning model, such as the distribution of expected 
court rulings or scenarios, determining the behaviour of borrowers towards accepting settlements or filing 
lawsuits. 
The continuing uncertainty in relation to the outcomes of such court rulings may significantly affect the 
financial condition and prospects of the Issuer. 
Amid such persisting uncertainty as to the trend of final court decisions in FX loan cases, in December 
2020, the Chairman of the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego) (the 
"KNF") called on banks to conclude settlements with borrowers aimed at eliminating the risk of an 
increasing number of legal disputes under loan agreements denominated in and indexed to the CHF. The 
proposal of the Chairman of the KNF assumes that under a settlement agreement a loan indexed to or 
denominated in CHF would be converted as if it was, from the beginning, a PLN loan with a floating interest 
rate based on three month WIBOR increased by a margin used historically for such loans. The proposal of 
the Chairman of the KNF also assumes that only the active portfolio will be converted. The Bank estimated 
that the potential impact of implementation of this proposed conversion plan on the Bank, calculated as of 
30 September 2022, would amount to PLN 6.1 billion if the active portfolio only was converted (unaudited 
data).  
In August 2011, the Bank discontinued offering mortgage loans in CHF. As of 30 September 2022, the 
carrying amount of mortgage and housing loans granted by the Issuer to individual customers in CHF

--- Page 16 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 16 - 
70-41040845 
 
amounted to PLN 7.0 billion (i.e. CHF 1.4 billion) compared with PLN 9.1 billion (CHF 2.0 billion) as of 
31 December 2021. Additionally, the volume of the portfolio of loans granted in CHF to individuals that 
were already fully repaid as of 30 September 2022, taking into account the exchange rate on the date of 
disbursement of individual loan tranches, amounted to PLN 7.1 billion (31 December 2021: PLN 6.6 
billion). 
As of 30 September 2022, 17,103 individual lawsuits were initiated against the Bank by its customers in 
connection with CHF loan agreements (compared with 13,373 proceedings as of 31 December 2021), with 
the total value of claims amounting to PLN 5,256.1 million (compared with PLN 3,506.5 million as of 31 
December 2021). Out of the individual lawsuits, 16,861 proceedings with the total value of claims 
amounting to PLN 5,250.9 million were related to indexation clauses in FX mortgage loans (as of 31 
December 2021: 13,036 lawsuits with a total value of claims amounting to PLN 3,499.9 million).  
As of 30 September 2022, the Bank received 1,338 final rulings in individual lawsuits (31 December 2021: 
473 final rulings), out of which 95 rulings were favourable to the Bank and 1,243 rulings were unfavourable 
(31 December 2021: 82 rulings favourable and 391 rulings unfavourable). 
The Bank has proposed out-of court settlements with CHF borrowers (see further "Description of the Group 
- FX Mortgage Loans segment - non-core business").  
Between January and September 2022 total costs of legal risks related to foreign currency loans recognised 
by the Bank were PLN 2,682.2 million. The most significant contributing factor to these costs in the first 
three quarters of 2022 was the increase in the legal risk related to individual court cases primarily as a result 
of a change in the Bank's assessment of the expected judgments, an increase in the expected population of 
borrowers who may file a lawsuit against the Bank, and an increase in the expected cost of settlements with 
such borrowers as a result of the launch of the Bank's settlement programme.  
The total cost of legal risk related to foreign currency loans recognised by the Issuer for 2021 amounted to 
PLN 2,758.1 million, whereas in 2020 such costs amounted to PLN 1,021.7 million.  
As a result of the recognition of the costs of legal risk referred to above, as of 30 September 2022, the 
cumulative impact of legal risk of both individual lawsuits and class actions related to indexation clauses 
in FX mortgage loans and the settlement programme amounted to PLN 6,838.4 million (as of 31 December 
2021: PLN 4,133.6 million).  
As of 30 September 2022, the above mentioned cumulative impact of PLN 6,838.4 million was composed 
of: 
• 
the legal risks concerning lawsuits related to active loans and the Bank's settlement programme being 
recognised as a reduction of gross carrying amount of loans: PLN 6,234.1 million, and 
• 
the legal risks concerning individual lawsuits and the class actions related to repaid loans and low value 
active loans being recorded as provisions for legal proceedings: PLN 604.3 million. 
The methodology for calculation of the provision for losses of individual lawsuits applied by the Bank 
depends on numerous assumptions that take into account historical data adjusted in accordance with the 
Bank's expectations of the future and as such involve a certain degree of judgment by the Bank. The most 
important assumptions include: the expected population of borrowers who may file a lawsuit against the 
Bank, the expected judgments in such lawsuits, the losses to be incurred by the Bank if the judgment is 
unfavourable to the Bank and the potential level of settlement acceptances. It is possible that the expected 
impact of such legal risk will have to be adjusted in the future, which may result in an increase in total costs 
of legal risk for the Bank. 
The Group is exposed to the risk of depreciation of PLN against CHF in connection with the Group 
granting, financing and securing loans denominated in or indexed to CHF. 
The Group has significant exposure to FX mortgage loans. The vast majority of retail customers who have 
FX mortgage loans earn their income in PLN. These customers are usually not protected against the 
fluctuations of the exchange rates of the PLN against the currency of the loan. Consequently, any 
depreciation of the PLN against a foreign currency in which an FX loan is denominated or to which is 
indexed, which is not sufficiently compensated by a decrease in the relevant interest reference rate, will 
result in an increase of the PLN value of repayments of principal and payments of interest by the Bank's

--- Page 17 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 17 - 
70-41040845 
 
customers (although this may be mitigated where there is a compensating decrease in the relevant reference 
rate) and in an increase of credit risk related to borrowers with loans in foreign currencies.  
A significant and prolonged depreciation of the PLN, which results in an increase of the PLN value of 
repayments of principal and payments of interest by the Bank's customers, may result in the Bank's 
customers experiencing difficulties in repaying their loans, which in turn may lead to a decrease in the 
quality of the Group's loan portfolio and an increase in impairment allowances on loans and advances, all 
of which may adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. If 
the increase in the probability of default or the loss given default, i.e. the percentage of exposure lost in 
case of default (the "LGD"), of the Group's loans and advances significantly exceeds the rate or ratio (as 
applicable) that were assumed in setting interest rates for these loans, then the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
The Bank's portfolio of FX loans is funded both through balance sheet financing and derivative transactions. 
The typical maturities of both the balance sheet instruments and derivative contracts are shorter than the 
maturities of the underlying FX loans. As a result, the Bank is required to renew such contracts when they 
mature. The Bank is therefore exposed to roll-over risk as well as price risk when the instruments mature. 
Further, since the derivatives instruments are subject to mark-to-market, the Bank is also exposed to the 
market price fluctuations. Consequently, significant volatility in the prices of such derivative contracts as 
well as in costs of balance sheet financing may adversely affect the business, financial condition and results 
of operations of the Group. 
A material depreciation of the PLN may also cause the value of the collateral securing the Bank's portfolio 
of the FX mortgage loans to fall below the outstanding value of such loans, which may in turn increase the 
LGD ratio applicable to the Bank's foreign currency portfolio. In addition, depreciation of the PLN against 
the CHF will cause an increase in the total risk exposure amount and, consequently, a decrease in the capital 
ratios of the Group.  
The Group is exposed to the risk associated with the Swiss National Bank’s policies in connection with 
the Group granting, financing and securing loans denominated in or indexed to CHF. 
On 16 June 2022, the Swiss National Bank (the ''SNB'') raised interest rates for the first time in 15 years, 
joining other European central banks in tightening monetary policy in response to increasing inflation. The 
SNB's benchmark rate was increased to -0.25 per cent. from -0.75 per cent. On 22 September 2022, the 
SNB increased interest rates by 75 basis points to 0.5 per cent.  
Such decisions of the SNB are important for CHF mortgages in Poland. Firstly, such decisions may lead to 
a depreciation of PLN against CHF, and this was seen following the SNB's decisions in 2022 referred to 
above, which may impact the nominal value of the portfolio of CHF mortgages. Secondly, after the 
repricing, the interest rates payable by borrowers on their CHF mortgages may increase. This directly 
affects the amount of the loan instalments payable by the borrowers. It cannot be ruled out that in the future 
the SNB may increase interest rates further to stabilise inflation which may in turn impact borrowers of 
CHF mortgages in Poland.  
The Group is exposed to risks associated with CHF LIBOR reform in connection with the Group 
granting, financing and securing loans denominated in or indexed to CHF. 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to the reform of interbank offered rates ("IBORs"). Due to the size 
of the Bank's CHF mortgage loan portfolio (as outlined above), the most prominent risk to the Bank in 
respect of IBOR reform is related to the cessation of the publication of CHF LIBOR. In accordance with 
the Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/1847 of 14 October 2021 on the designation of a 
statutory replacement for certain settings of CHF LIBOR, published on 22 October 2021, CHF LIBOR was 
replaced by a compounded Swiss Average Rate Overnight ("SARON") rate on 1 January 2022. Although 
the replacement of CHF LIBOR with SARON is directly applicable in all EU member states, including 
Poland, there is a risk that the replacement of CHF LIBOR in financial contracts may lead to disputes 
between banks and borrowers. This in turn may lead to an increase in the costs and risks associated with 
the Bank's portfolio loans denominated in or indexed to CHF, which could adversely affect the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group.

--- Page 18 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 18 - 
70-41040845 
 
The COVID-19 pandemic has materially impacted the business of the Group. The continuance of the 
pandemic or any future outbreak of any other highly contagious diseases could materially and adversely 
impact the business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations of the Group. 
On 11 March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic. The COVID-
19 pandemic negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, the Group's counterparties and 
clients. Moreover, the macroeconomic business environment and societal norms have been, and may 
continue to be, impacted as a result of the pandemic. Unexpected developments and/or changes in the 
financial markets, the fiscal, tax and regulatory environments, and customer and corporate client behaviour 
may occur, which could have an adverse impact on the business of the Group.  
The spread of the COVID-19 pandemic has led the Group to modify its operational practices, and it may 
take such further actions that may be required by authorities or that the Group determines to be in the best 
interests of its employees, customers and other stakeholders. For example, in 2020 the Group enabled most 
of its office staff to work remotely after the outbreak of the pandemic, employees at branches were equipped 
with protection equipment and a number of solutions to support remote use of services by clients were 
offered. Many of the remote access solutions in respect of the Bank's products have been retained on a 
permanent basis since. The pandemic and related counter-measures have affected some of the Group's 
customers adversely, which in some cases have been, and may continue to be, material and which could in 
turn have an adverse impact on the Group (e.g., through the deterioration of asset quality and higher 
impairments).   
The Group offered its clients a number of assistance tools aimed at supporting them in difficult situations 
as a result of the pandemic. The purpose of these tools was to help maintain the financial liquidity of 
customers by reducing their financial burden in the short term. The supporting measures offered by the 
Group were in line with the Polish banks' position regarding the unification of the rules for offering 
supporting measures in the banking sector. Such measures included non-legislative moratoria within the 
meaning of the European Banking Authority (the "EBA") guidelines on legislative and non-legislative 
moratoria on loan repayments applied in light of the COVID-19 crisis and have been notified by the KNF 
to the EBA. The COVID-19 moratoria in Poland covered supporting instruments granted from 13 March 
2020 to 30 September 2020. Afterwards – from 18 January 2021 to 31 March 2021 – these supporting 
instruments were dedicated to businesses in those sectors which had suffered the most as a result of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. Almost all support programmes expired in 2021.  
As a result of these measures, in 2020, the Group incurred certain additional costs in relation to credit risk 
management as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including additional credit risk costs of PLN 330.3 
million across the portfolio measured at amortised cost.  
The COVID-19 pandemic is not over and there remains the risk that new variants of COVID-19 may 
emerge. New variants or an increase in the spread of COVID-19 in the future may result in further measures 
to contain the spread, such as social distancing and the closure of public spaces, which in turn could slow 
economic growth. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, or any other future pandemic, may adversely impact 
the Group and its customers. In particular, if the Group's customers face financial difficulties as the result 
of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic, this may result in an increase in the cost of 
credit risk and deterioration of the quality of the Issuer's loan portfolio and may affect the sales dynamics 
of the Group's financial products. The persistence of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any other future 
pandemic, may negatively affect global financial markets, which in turn may limit funding opportunities. 
Difficulties in this respect could have a negative impact on the availability and cost of financing for the 
Issuer. In addition to this, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, or any other future pandemic, may result in 
new support solutions being imposed on the Issuer by its regulators which in turn may generate additional 
costs for the Issuer.  
The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any other future pandemic, on the Group's results of operations, 
liquidity, access to funding and financial position will depend on future developments, which, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. These developments may include, 
but are not limited to, the duration and spread of pandemic, its severity, actions taken to contain the virus 
or treat its impact, the extent and effectiveness of economic stimuli taken to contain the virus or treat its 
impact and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and business activity can resume.

--- Page 19 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 19 - 
70-41040845 
 
Credit rating agencies may downgrade, suspend or withdraw a credit rating of the Bank and its 
subsidiaries and/or Commerzbank as parent company and/or the sovereign rating, and such action could 
negatively affect the refinancing conditions for the Bank, in particular its access to debt capital markets. 
A credit rating agency may downgrade, suspend or withdraw a credit rating assigned to the Issuer. A credit 
rating may also be suspended or withdrawn if the Issuer were to terminate the agreement with the relevant 
credit rating agency or to determine that it would not be in its interest to continue to provide financial data 
to the credit rating agency. 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain funding. A 
downgrading of the Group companies' credit ratings may lead to a restriction of access to funds and 
consequently to increase the costs associated with its interbank and capital market transactions and could 
adversely affect the Group's liquidity and competitive position, undermine confidence in the Group, 
increase its borrowing costs and adversely affect its interest margins. In addition, under the terms of certain 
derivative contracts and financing instruments, a reduction in the credit rating of the Bank may lead to the 
need for the posting of additional collateral, termination of contracts, and/or the repayment of financing. 
Pressure on the Bank's credit ratings may arise; for example, in the event of significantly weaker capital 
generation driven by poorer financial performance or negative valuation of treasury securities measured at 
fair value through other comprehensive income, a material deterioration of asset quality in a less favourable 
business environment, substantial provisions being required for legal risks relating to CHF mortgage loans, 
deterioration in the operating environment of banks in Poland, or a downgrade of the rating applicable to 
Poland.  
A downgrade in the rating of the Bank or/and its subsidiaries could increase the cost of funding of the 
Group and adversely affect interest margins, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
results. Additionally, it may have a negative impact on the Bank's ability to issue eligible instruments in 
order to meet the Minimum Requirement for Eligible Liabilities and Own Funds (the "MREL") 
requirement set by the Bank Guarantee Fund (Bankowy Fundusz Gwarancyjny, the ''BGF''). 
Similarly, a credit rating agency may downgrade a sovereign rating of Poland and/or may downgrade, 
suspend or withdrawn a credit rating of the parent company, Commerzbank, which could result in increased 
costs associated with the Bank's capital markets transactions and could adversely affect the Bank's liquidity 
and competitive position.  
The Group faces liquidity risk. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group may be unable to meet current and future (including contingent) 
payment obligations as they become due. Liquidity risk may result from internal factors (for example, the 
impact of negative publicity and/or reputational damage, resulting, for instance, in excessive withdrawal of 
cash by the Bank's clients or the materialisation of credit risk) and external factors (turbulence and crises 
in the financial markets, country risk or disruption in the operation of clearing systems). 
The Group becomes exposed to liquidity risk when the maturities of its assets and liabilities do not coincide. 
In particular, the Group may be exposed to increased liquidity risk as a result of its holdings of real estate 
mortgage loans, which are long-term assets. Although generally holdings of real estate mortgage loans are 
covered by long and mid-term funding, they are partially financed by short-term and on-demand deposits. 
Maturity mismatches between the Group's assets and liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, and results of operations if the Group is unable to obtain new deposits 
or find alternative sources of funding for existing and future loan and advances portfolios. 
In terms of current and short-term liquidity risk, if a substantial portion of the Bank's clients withdraw their 
demand deposits or do not roll over their term deposits upon maturity, as would be the case with many 
other banks, the Bank's liquidity position may be adversely affected. Current liquidity may also be affected 
by unfavourable financial market conditions. If assets held by the Bank in order to provide liquidity become 
illiquid due to unforeseen financial market events or their value drops substantially, the Bank might not be 
able to meet its obligations as they become due and therefore might be forced to resort to interbank funding, 
which, in the event of an unstable market situation, may become excessively expensive and uncertain. In 
addition, the Bank's ability to use such external funding sources is directly connected with the level of credit

--- Page 20 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 20 - 
70-41040845 
 
lines available to the Bank, and this in turn is dependent on the Bank's financial and credit condition, as 
well as general market liquidity. 
One of the Bank's sources of risk for off-balance sheet liabilities is clients' behaviour and unexpected 
drawdowns of granted lines and utilisation of intraday and overdraft lines by custody and corporate clients. 
This risk may be material to the Bank's business, financial condition and results of operations where such 
clients have a high concentration of commitments. In respect of derivative transactions concluded under 
framework agreements or settled through a central clearing counterparty, liquidity risk can materialise as a 
result of adverse or severe changes in global market conditions resulting in a sudden decrease in the 
valuation of derivative instruments and requirements to provide additional collateral. 
In compliance with Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the 
"CRR"), the Bank calculates the short-term liquidity measures (liquidity coverage ratio, "LCR") and long-
term liquidity measures (net stable funding ratio, "NSFR"). 
The Bank's ongoing analysis covers liquidity under normal and stressed conditions which may result in 
potential liquidity loss. In order to determine the Bank's resistance to major unfavourable events, the Bank 
conducts scenario analyses based on extreme assumptions on the operation of financial markets and/or 
behavioural events relative to the Bank's clients. In order to support the process of liquidity risk 
management, a system of early warnings indicators and recovery indicators was developed in the Bank. 
Despite the above-mentioned procedures, there remains a risk that events may occur which lead to a 
decrease in liquid assets which in turn could result in the Issuer being unable to meet its commitments when 
they become due. Such events may be sudden, unpredictable and, at the same time, affect the entire banking 
sector in Poland, Europe or worldwide. 
A potential loss of liquidity or an inability to raise sufficient funds to finance the Group’s business, in 
particular its lending operations, may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results 
of operations of the Group. 
Risks related to reimbursements of commissions in relation to early repayments of retail loans 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Act dated 12 May 2011 on Consumer Credit and the judgment the CJEU 
provided in case C-383/18 issued on 11 September 2019, the Bank is required to reimburse its borrowers 
certain costs in the case of early repayment of credit, including a commission charged by the Bank with 
respect to loans, where they are consumer loans granted on or after 18 December 2011, in the amount not 
exceeding PLN 255,550 or its equivalent in other currencies or mortgage loans granted on or after 22 July 
2017, with no limit of the loan amount, which have been fully or partially repaid.  
As of 31 December 2021, the provision recorded within other provisions related to potential 
reimbursements of commissions in relation to early repayments of loans before the date of the CJEU verdict 
amounted to PLN 4.8 million (PLN 13.8 million as of 31 December 2020). The total negative impact of 
early repayments of retail loans on the Group's gross profit in 2021 amounted to PLN 91.8 million (in 2020: 
PLN 56.5 million). 
The above estimates are burdened with significant uncertainty regarding the number of customers who will 
request the Bank to refund commissions regarding earlier repayments as a result of the CJEU's verdict, as 
well as the expected rate of loan prepayments in the future.  
In the third quarter of 2022, the Bank created additional provisions related to the CJEU's verdict on 
consumer loans amounting to PLN 10.0 million.  
If the Bank recorded an increase of provisions related to potential reimbursements of commissions in 
relation to early repayments of loans granted before the date of the CJEU's verdict, it would adversely affect 
the financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Group may not be able to maintain the quality of its loan, investment, proprietary investment or 
trading book portfolios. 
The quality of the assets in the Group's loan portfolio is affected by changes in the creditworthiness of its 
customers, their ability to repay their loans on time, the Group's ability to enforce its security interests on

--- Page 21 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 21 - 
70-41040845 
 
customers' collateral should such customers fail to repay their loans, and whether the value of such collateral 
is sufficient to cover the full amounts of those loans. 
The quality of the Group's loan and investment portfolio may deteriorate due to various other reasons, 
including internal factors (such as failure of risk management procedures in the changing operating 
environment) and factors beyond the Group's control (such as any negative developments in Poland's, 
European and global economy resulting in the financial distress or bankruptcy of the Group's customers, or 
restriction of credit information concerning certain customers). 
The quality of the Group's loan portfolio can also be influenced by counterparty risk arising from the 
potential inability of the Group's counterparties, including corporate customers, banks and other financial 
institutions, to fulfil their obligations under transactions and financial instruments entered into with the 
Bank due to a number of factors, including, in particular, bankruptcies, lack of market or individual 
customer liquidity, economic downturns, adverse financial and market movements (e.g., in interest rates or 
foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and the implied volatility of foreign exchange options), 
operational failures and increased economic and political uncertainty. If the level of counterparty risk 
increases, it would adversely impact the creditworthiness and financial standing of the counterparties, and 
as a result, could trigger additional adverse consequences in the financial contracts of the Group's 
customers, which could worsen their financial exposure and make it more difficult for them to fulfil their 
obligations to the Bank. See "The Group has significant exposure to counterparty credit risk in connection 
with its banking operations" below. 
There is a risk that the quality of the Group's loan portfolio may deteriorate as a result of the impact of the 
Russia-Ukraine war on some of the Group's customers, disruptions in supply chains, sudden increases in 
the prices of gas, coal and other raw materials, economic slowdown and excessive instalment burdens due 
to increased market interest rates. 
The Group's proprietary investment and trading book portfolio consists of stocks, shares, debt securities 
and derivatives. The quality of the Group's proprietary investment portfolio is affected by macroeconomic 
and other factors, including the general business environment, the financial standing of companies in which 
the Group invests and the stock market. The quality of the trading book depends significantly on 
developments in financial markets and on the creditworthiness and financial standing of counterparties of 
the transactions in this portfolio. See "The value of the Group's investment and trading portfolios may 
decrease" below. 
The quality of the Group's debt securities portfolio is substantially dependent upon the ability of the issuers 
of the securities to make payments on the securities when due. The ability of the issuers to make such 
payments may be affected by changes in their financial standing, including liquidity issues, as well as by 
the potential global financial crisis, liquidity concerns, increased credit risk and other macroeconomic 
factors. 
Material increases in the Group's impairment allowances for expected credit losses may have an adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In connection with its credit operations, the Group regularly writes down assets and records impairment 
allowances for expected credit losses in the profit and loss account of the Group. 
The Bank's determination of an appropriate amount of impairment allowances for expected credit losses is 
subject to the evaluation of credit risk and may be affected by numerous factors, including depreciation of 
the PLN against the CHF and uncertainties relating to the current macroeconomic environment, in particular 
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine war.  
The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on the increase in provisions for expected credit losses 
within the Group. For the Group, which applies the International Financial Reporting Standards, it was 
mainly a consequence of the deterioration in the predicted macroeconomic scenarios in connection with the 
COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in an increase in the probability of default and loss given default parameters 
in the credit risk models used for estimating credit losses. The value of Stage 2 loans has also increased, 
especially for loans to industries heavily affected by the pandemic. This has resulted in an increase in credit 
losses, since the transition of loans from Stage 1 (being exposures for which expected credit losses are 
calculated on a 12-month basis) to Stage 2 (being exposures for which, as at the reporting date, a significant

--- Page 22 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 22 - 
70-41040845 
 
increase in credit risk was identified compared to the date of their initial recognition with such expected 
credit losses calculated over the lifetime of a loan) involves a significant increase in provisions. 
In addition, the Group's credit risk management aimed at limiting losses on its loan portfolio and minimising 
the risk of impaired exposures while maintaining the expected profitability level may prove ineffective. 
Taking into account the variety of lending activities the Group is involved in, the Group's policies, 
procedures and methods relating to credit risk assessment, the creation of impairment losses on loans and 
advances, risk control and monitoring of the credit process and debt collection processes in a market 
characterised by increased volatility may not achieve the intended goals. In such cases, it would have an 
adverse impact on the financial results of the Group. 
The Group could also be required to increase its expected credit losses on loans and advances in the future 
as a result of increases in non-performing assets or for other reasons.  
Any material increases in the Group's expected credit losses on loans and advances, any loan losses in 
excess of the previously determined expected credit losses on loans and advances with respect thereto or 
changes in the estimate of the provision for expected losses on loans and advances of the Group could have 
an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The value of the Group's investment and trading portfolios may decrease. 
The Group's portfolio of securities comprises debt and equity securities. The quality of the Group's portfolio 
of securities may be affected by macroeconomic factors, the general business environment and 
developments in the financial markets, and by the creditworthiness and financial position of counterparties 
to the Group's transactions. The quality of debt securities held by the Group is dependent upon the ability 
of issuers of the securities to make payments on the securities when due, which in turn may be affected by 
changes in their financial standing. 
During the period of severity of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and 2021, the exposure of the Group (as 
well as the exposure of the entire banking sector) to treasury bonds and bonds guaranteed by the State 
Treasury increased significantly. The main reason behind such increase was significant inflows of customer 
deposits, which were partly invested in treasury bonds. A decrease in the price of such securities may occur 
as a result of several factors, in particular: (i) an increased supply of such securities by the Polish 
government in order to finance budget deficits, (ii) sales of such securities by investors in the secondary 
market, (iii) increases in domestic interest rates, (iv) a decrease in the credit ratings for Poland's sovereign 
debt, or (v) increased political risk and a negative perception of Poland by investors. Any decrease in the 
price of such securities could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
A significant part of the Group's debt securities is measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income (i.e. equity). A series of interest rate increases initiated by the Monetary Policy Council in October 
2021 resulted in a decline in the valuation of fixed-rate debt securities held by the Group. 
Pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020, 
banks have the option to temporarily treat unrealised gains and losses measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2021 and 2022 the Issuer applied 
this solution, which allowed it to limit to some extent the impact of the negative valuation of treasury bonds 
it held on own funds, and thus on its capital ratios. However, this solution is only available until 31 
December 2022 and it is unknown if it will be extended. 
The Group's portfolio includes negotiable financial instruments whose daily valuations depend on certain 
market parameters (such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates, prices of bonds and stocks, stock indices 
values, futures prices, and implied volatilities of options). As these parameters vary continuously according 
to market forces, valuations of the financial instruments also change accordingly, which may adversely 
impact unrealised results of these portfolios, even though certain components of market risk of those 
portfolios are hedged and trading is carried out within set market risk limits. In addition, market movements 
may also adversely affect realised results of the trading book.  
The Group has significant exposure to counterparty credit risk in connection with its banking operations. 
The Group is exposed to counterparty risk arising from the potential inability of the Group's counterparties, 
including corporate customers, banks and other financial institutions, to fulfil their obligations under

--- Page 23 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 23 - 
70-41040845 
 
transactions and financial instruments entered into with the Group due to a number of factors, including, in 
particular, bankruptcies, a lack of market or individual customer liquidity, economic downturns, adverse 
financial and market movements (e.g., in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates, commodity 
prices, the implied volatility of foreign exchange options, etc.), operational failures and increased economic 
and political uncertainty. A reduction in the ability of the Group's counterparties to fulfil such obligations, 
or a default by, or even concerns about the creditworthiness and financial standing of, one or more of the 
Group's counterparties could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or prospects. 
The Group has substantial assets, associated with foreign exchange derivatives, which include foreign 
exchange swaps, forwards and options conducted with other banking and non-banking clients. Credit 
exposures arising from concluded derivative transactions are managed by the Group as a part of clients’ 
general credit limits, taking into account the potential impact of changes in market parameters on the value 
of such exposures. Existing agreements with counterparties obligate the Bank to monitor the value of its 
exposure to such client on a daily basis and provide for additional collateral against the exposure to be 
contributed by either the client or the Bank. At the same time, the agreements also contemplate early 
settlement of the derivative transaction with the client in the event the client cannot fulfil certain obligations, 
including the delivery of collateral, under the agreement.  
In the event of significant changes in the PLN exchange rate against certain foreign currencies, some clients 
who purchased foreign exchange derivatives may not be able to provide the required collateral. As a result, 
the Bank faces counterparty credit risk in situations when sufficient collateral isn't provided. This risk would 
increase in magnitude in the case of depreciation of the PLN against the foreign currencies. A permanent 
or ongoing failure to deliver the required collateral under the agreement could result in the early termination 
of the transaction which could in turn result in a loss for the Bank depending on market conditions at the 
time the early termination takes place.  
Although the Group actively manages its liquidity requirements and foreign exchange position and hedges 
its exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks, continued foreign exchange rate volatility of the 
PLN against foreign currencies could increase the pressure on the Group's counterparties, and could lead 
to increased defaults of the Group's counterparties and further losses incurred by the Group on its foreign 
exchange derivatives. Such developments could have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Group. 
The Group may not be able to improve or sustain its interest rate margins or commissions on loans. 
Net interest income is a key source of the Group's income. Net interest income is highly sensitive to changes 
in macroeconomic and market conditions. 
The net interest income generated by the Group depends to a large extent on the levels of the Group's 
interest-bearing assets and liabilities and the average interest rates on interest-earning assets and interest-
bearing liabilities. 
Various factors could affect the Group's ability to maintain credit and deposit margins as well as fees and 
commissions at current levels. These factors include the evolving regulatory environment, increasing 
competition in the market, changing demand for fixed and floating interest rate loans, possible changes in 
monetary policy conducted by the Monetary Policy Council, the level of inflation, and changes in interest 
rates on interbank markets. 
The Group could suffer decreasing interest rate margins for various reasons, including: 
• 
if market interest rates on floating interest rate loans decline and the Group is unable to offset such 
effect by decreasing the rates payable on deposits or charging fees on deposits; 
 
• 
if interest rates payable on deposits increase resulting from additional competition among banks or 
other factors beyond the Group's control and the Group is not able to offset such effect by an increase 
in lending margins; or 
 
• 
if increased competition on the market and economic recovery push credit spreads down.

--- Page 24 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 24 - 
70-41040845 
 
As market interest rates are linked to reference rates, any changes in reference rates could impact the 
Group's net interest income and interest margins. 
Interest charged on retail loans granted by the Group cannot exceed the maximum interest rate permitted 
by Polish law. Additionally, an amendment to the Consumer Credit Act, which came into force on 11 March 
2016, establishes caps on non-interest charges and default interest chargeable under consumer loans. 
The Group's inability to improve or sustain interest rate margins and commissions on granted loans may 
result in lower net income and could materially adversely affect the business, financial condition and results 
of operations of the Group. 
A high proportion of long-term mortgages in the Group's loan portfolio makes it difficult for the Group to 
adjust its loan margins to market terms, whilst any deterioration of residential real estate prices and decrease 
in value of collateral provided to the Bank may negatively affect the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
In accordance with Polish law, the Bank or any member of the Group is not able to unilaterally change the 
terms of granted loans and advances to individuals, including credit margins. Housing and mortgage loans 
to individual customers (retail mortgage loans) constitute the biggest part of the Group's total gross loans 
and advances to individual customers at amortised cost. As a result, the Group is limited in its ability to 
change its average credit portfolio margins through the generation of new mortgage loans and advances 
reflecting current credit margins in the market. 
This limited ability of the Group to reprice its loan portfolio may adversely affect the net interest margin 
and have an impact on products offered to customers. 
Moreover, when granting mortgage loans and calculating the applicable interest rates, the Group assumes 
a certain level of prices of residential real property securing such loans. If sale prices of residential real 
property in Poland substantially decline for any reason, the value of the Group's collateral might be 
adversely affected and, in cases of foreclosure, the Group may not be able to recover the entire amount of 
such loans if the borrowers are unable to repay them. In addition, investments in real estate are characterised 
by low liquidity as compared with other types of investments and such liquidity may further deteriorate in 
a period of economic downturn. In the event of a significant collapse or crisis on the real estate market in 
Poland, the effectiveness and efficiency of enforcement proceedings may decrease significantly. 
The Group is exposed to operational and reputational risk related to the outsourcing of certain services. 
The Group outsources the performance of specific activities on its behalf, including IT services, 
correspondence service, cash support services, cash processing and debt collection, cloud computing, 
personalisation of payment cards, archiving and handling of documentation as well as payment services to 
third parties. Additionally, the Bank outsources to external service providers the performance of certain 
services related to the sale of retail banking products offered by the Bank. If any of the third parties on 
which the bank relies, fails to perform in accordance with the terms of its agreement with the Bank, then 
this could result in operational deficiencies or reputational risk for the Group. Furthermore, the Group may 
be exposed to the risk of liability to its customers and reputational loss if such external providers fail to 
duly perform their services or, specifically, if they perform their services in breach of applicable law or 
banking regulations or if they take improper actions which result in an infringement of third-party rights. 
Additionally, failures of the Group's operational risk management system to detect or prevent operational 
problems of third parties which prevent them from performing the activities outsourced to them could affect 
the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
The Group's IT systems may fail or their security may be compromised. 
The Group relies heavily on numerous IT systems for a variety of functions, including processing 
applications, providing information to customers, maintaining financial records and providing crucial 
financial and market data to the Bank's Management Board. In addition, the Group uses distribution 
channels based on an IT platform comprising online banking, mobile banking and call centres. 
The Group is exposed to third-party attacks on its IT systems which could result in financial or reputational 
loss. The Group utilises a number of IT systems to conduct its operations. Due to the high complexity of 
interactions and interdependencies among the Group's IT systems, there can be no assurance that these

--- Page 25 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 25 - 
70-41040845 
 
systems will always properly interact with one another or will always effectively ensure the error-free and 
timely transfer of data within the IT structure of the Bank and the Group. 
The Group's activities involve the use and continual development of several IT platforms dedicated to the 
various segments of the Group. In particular, the business model of the Bank's retail segment, which 
involves offering banking services through an online transactional system and mobile applications, is 
significantly dependent on the availability, functionality and security of the Group's IT systems and, as a 
result of its high reliance on online platforms, it is also particularly exposed to third-party attacks via the 
internet, e.g., cyber-attacks. Malfunctions, in particular with respect to the use of and interactions between 
the Group's IT platforms, information leakages, service interruptions or similar events may affect the 
relationship between the Group and its customers. 
The Group works with its clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties to 
develop secure data and information processing, storage and transmission capabilities to prevent 
information security risk. Nevertheless, there is a risk that such measures will not be effective against all 
cyber-attack threats given their changing nature and sophistication. A successful cyber-attack may lead to 
significant loss of customer information, damage to computer systems, loss of the Group's reputation, as 
well as the imposition of regulatory penalties and/or financial losses to the Issuer. 
The Group routinely manages personal, confidential and proprietary information by electronic means, and 
it may be the target of attempted cyber-attacks or subject to other information security incidents or breaches. 
This risk has increased due to the hybrid working mode within the Group, as when working from home the 
Group’s employees have access to the Group’s networks through their home networks. 
If the Group cannot maintain effective and secure electronic data and information, management and 
processing systems or if it fails to maintain complete physical and electronic records, this could result in 
disruptions to its operations, claims from customers, regulators, employees and other parties, violations of 
applicable privacy and other laws, regulatory sanctions and serious reputational and financial harm to the 
Group. 
The Group may be exposed to compliance risks related to anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism 
financing, and other financial crime activities.  
The Group maintains updated policies and procedures aimed at detecting and preventing the use of its 
banking network for money laundering and other financial crime related activities. Financial crime is 
continually evolving and is subject to increasingly stringent regulatory oversight and focus. This requires 
proactive and adaptable responses from the Group. The Group relies on its employees to assist the Group 
by spotting such activities and reporting them, and its employees have varying degrees of experience in 
recognizing criminal tactics and understanding the level of sophistication of criminal organizations. If the 
Group is unable to fully comply with applicable laws, regulations and expectations, regulators and relevant 
law enforcement agencies have the ability and authority to impose significant fines and other penalties on 
the Group. 
The Group stores and processes significant amounts of personal data; therefore, it is exposed to potential 
breach of personal data protection regulations. 
As part of its day-to-day operations, the Group stores and processes personal data of its customers on a 
large scale. The storage and processing of personal data by the Group must comply with the laws governing 
personal data protection. From May 2018, following the entry into force of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with 
regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 
95/46/EC (the ''GDPR''), the obligations related to storage and processing of personal data have been 
substantially expanded. The GDPR imposes obligations and guidelines on companies in the management 
and processing of personal data.  
Depending on the type of breach, the President of the Personal Data Protection Office may impose two 
types of administrative fines for violating the GDPR: 
• 
up to EUR 10 million, or up to 2 per cent. of its total annual turnover from the previous financial year, 
whichever is higher; or

--- Page 26 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 26 - 
70-41040845 
 
• 
up to EUR 20 million or up to 4 per cent. of its total annual turnover from the previous financial year, 
whichever is higher. 
 
The GDPR also lists violations that may result in the imposition of each of the penalties mentioned above. 
The Group has procedures in place to ensure compliance with the relevant data protection regulations by 
its employees and any third-party service providers, and has also implemented security measures to prevent 
cyber-theft. However, if the Group or any of its third-party service providers fails to store or transmit 
customer information in a secure manner, or if any loss or wrongful processing of personal customer data 
were otherwise to occur, the Group could be subject to investigative and enforcement action by relevant 
regulatory authorities and could be subject to claims or complaints from the person to whom the data relates, 
or could face liability under data protection laws. Furthermore, any breaches of personal data protection 
laws may have an adverse effect on the reputation of the Group. 
The Group's fee and commission income may be negatively affected by a decline in business activity in 
the markets in which the Group is present. 
The Group generates fee and commission income primarily from the placement of new loans, payment 
cards, foreign currency transactions, bank account products, money transfers, offering insurance products 
of third parties, cash services, agency service regarding sale of other products of external financial entities, 
portfolio management, leasing services, business accounts, cash management, financial markets 
instruments, custodian services, brokerage services and debt origination, guarantees and trade finance 
products with corporate banking customers. The Group's fee and commission income has grown 
significantly over the last years as a result of its business activities.  
However, a slowdown in business activity in the markets in which the Group is present as a result of the 
current or future economic or regulatory environment could reduce the demand for these products, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's fee and commission income and consequently on the 
Group's business and financial results. 
The Group may fail in implementing its strategy. 
In October 2021, the Group introduced a new strategy for 2021-2025 entitled 'From an icon of mobility to 
an icon of possibility' (the "New Strategy"). The New Strategy is designed to leverage the Group's 
competitive strengths, adapt to the new market environment, address weaknesses and as a result enable the 
Bank to retain its competitive position in Poland whilst achieving better valuation. 
The Group may fail to implement the New Strategy in the coming years, in particular, due to difficult 
economic or market conditions stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, legal and regulatory impediments, 
the impact of the Russia-Ukraine war on the economy and financial standing of the Group's clients, new 
burdens and obligations imposed on the banking sector in Poland, an increase in competition from other 
universal banks and non-banking financial companies, changes in customer behaviour and other factors. In 
addition, internal factors may cause the Group to fail to attain its strategic objectives, including, for example, 
delays and difficulties in launching new products and solutions in mobile and internet banking, problems 
in developing cross-selling within the Group, delays in implementing solutions to enhance customer service 
quality, or difficulties in developing the retail or corporate segments. The occurrence of such factors could 
lead to the Group losing its position as one of the leading universal banking groups in Poland (as determined 
based on data published by the KNF and the NBP) and the leading institution in terms of internet and mobile 
banking channels (as ranked by prnews.pl) and in consequence it may have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Group faces fierce competition in Poland's banking industry. 
The Group primarily faces competition in its universal banking activities, where its competitors include 
large Polish and international banks operating in Poland's retail, corporate and investment banking markets. 
In particular, taking into account the large investments made by other banks in new technologies, the Group 
faces increasing competition in internet and mobile banking, in respect of which the Bank has historically 
held a leading position. 
High levels of competition in the banking industry could also lead to increased pricing pressures on the 
Group's products and services, which would have a material adverse effect on the business, financial

--- Page 27 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 27 - 
70-41040845 
 
condition and results of operations of the Group. In addition, the Polish banking sector has experienced an 
ongoing trend of consolidation, which may allow certain of the Group's competitors to benefit from an 
increased scale of operations. See "Market and Legal Environment – Development of the Polish Banking 
Sector". 
The competitive position of the Bank is also affected by other financial service providers – entities that are 
not banks, but which engage in the provision of financial services. While not regulated by the KNF, these 
entities might be able to offer potential customers more attractive terms for financial services than the Bank. 
Moreover, new entrants, such as FinTech companies, providing online financial services, are also 
increasingly competing for customers and market share. These entities are characterised by light structures, 
innovation and the use of new technologies. At the same time, they are subject to a lighter regulatory regime, 
which makes it easier for them to compete with traditional banks in terms of selected products and services. 
Large tech companies are becoming lending platforms without having to comply with most banking 
regulations. Their role, although still relatively small overall, is growing. 
These additional competitors are likely to add pressure on margins, especially if they are able to benefit 
from lower cost structures and less onerous regulatory requirements. 
If the Group is unable to maintain its competitive position in the Polish banking sector, this may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group may not be able to hire, train or retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel. 
The success of the Group's business depends, among other things, on its ability to recruit and maintain 
qualified personnel. The Group is dependent upon high-level management to implement its strategy and 
day-to-day operations. The Group endeavours to reduce the risk of losing key employees through various 
measures, including, in particular, through management and career development measures. Despite these 
measures, the Group may not succeed in attracting or retaining highly qualified employees in the future. In 
Poland, there is strong competition for qualified personnel specialising in IT, banking and finance, 
especially at middle and upper management levels. 
Competition of this kind may increase the Group's personnel-related costs and make it difficult to recruit 
and offer incentives to qualified personnel. In addition, the Group's senior management or key employees 
of the Group's companies may resign or file a termination notice at any time, which could harm the 
relationships the Group's companies have developed with its customers. The Group's companies may not 
be able to retain such employees, and, if they do resign, the Group's companies may not be able to replace 
them with persons of the same ability and experience. This could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects of the Group. 
2. Risks relating to macroeconomic and regulatory conditions 
The Bank and the Group may be unable to satisfy its or their required minimum capital adequacy and 
other ratios. 
In recent years, capital adequacy requirements have become more stringent, which impact the Group's 
profitability, profit distribution and operational flexibility.  
The adequacy assessment of the Group's capital base (including, among others, the calculation of capital 
ratios and the leverage ratio, own funds and the total capital requirement) is made according to the following 
regulations: 
• 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the 
activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms 
(as amended, the ''Capital Requirements Directive'') and the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended, the ''CRR 
Regulation" or the CRR and, together with the Capital Requirements Directive, the ''CRD''); 
• 
the Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No 680/2014 of 16 April 2014 laying down 
implementing technical standards with regard to supervisory reporting of institutions according to

--- Page 28 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 28 - 
70-41040845 
 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council with further amendments 
("ITS Regulation"); 
• 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 (''CRR II''), Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 (''CRD V''), Directive (EU) 
No. 2019/879 (''BRRD II''), which came into force on 27 June 2019 (the "EU Banking Reform 
Legislation"), with certain provisions applying from 27 June 2019 and other provisions gradually 
being phased in and/or being subject to national implementation; 
• 
the Banking Act of 29 August 1997 (as further amended) (the "Banking Law");  
• 
the Act on Macro-prudential Supervision of the Financial System and Crisis Management of 5 August 
2015; and  
• 
the Regulation of the Minister of Development and Finance of 25 May 2017 on the application of 
higher risk weights to credit exposures secured by mortgages on real estate property. 
 
The EU Banking Reform Legislation has covered multiple areas, including the capital ratio framework, the 
leverage ratio, mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible 
liabilities, macro-prudential tools, the MREL framework and the integration of the minimum total loss-
absorbing capacity into the EU legislation. The adopted solutions have a significant impact on the banks' 
capital requirements, risk models, financial structure and reporting systems. 
The minimum levels of mandatory capital adequacy ratios for banks in Poland in 2021 specified by the 
KNF in line with the CRD regime are: 
• 
the capital requirements arising from the CRR Regulation – a Total Capital Ratio ("TCR") of 8 per 
cent. and a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 per cent.;  
• 
a combined buffer requirement, which includes a capital conservation buffer, a countercyclical capital 
buffer, an O-SII buffer (individual for particular banks) and a systemic risk buffer (a 3 per cent. buffer 
was introduced from 1 January 2018, but due to the exceptional socio-economic situation after the 
outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, this requirement was abolished by the Regulation of the Minister 
of Finance as of 19 March 2020); and  
• 
an additional capital charge in Pillar II to address the risk of foreign currency linked mortgage 
portfolios. 
Taking into account the capital buffers and capital add-on, as of 31 December 2021, the required minimum 
capital ratios for the Bank at the individual level were 13.50 per cent. for TCR and 10.88 per cent. for Tier 
1 capital ratio. At the consolidated level, the required minimum capital ratios stood at 13.17 per cent. for 
TCR and 10.64 per cent. for Tier 1 capital ratio. 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group reported TCR and Tier 1 capital ratio at 16.58 per cent. and 14.16 per 
cent., respectively, while stand-alone TCR and Tier 1 capital ratio for the Bank stood at 19.01 per cent. and 
16.23 per cent., respectively. 
As of 30 September 2022, the required minimum capital ratios for the Bank at the individual level were 
13.54 per cent. for TCR and 10.92 per cent. for Tier 1 capital ratio. At the consolidated level, the required 
minimum capital ratios stood at 13.19 per cent. for TCR and 10.66 per cent. for Tier 1 capital ratio. 
As of 30 September 2022, the Group reported TCR and Tier 1 capital ratio at 14.7 per cent. and 12.1 per 
cent., respectively, while stand-alone TCR and Tier 1 capital ratio for the Bank stood at 17.4 per cent. and 
14.5 per cent., respectively. 
In 2021 and 2022 the Group applied transitional provisions regarding the temporary treatment of unrealised 
gains and losses on financial instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income in 
connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, pursuant to the regulation of the European Parliament and of the 
Council (EU) 2020/873 of 24 June 2020 amending Regulations (EU) No 575/2013 and (EU) 2019/876 as 
regards certain adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in the calculation of own funds, capital 
ratios and the leverage ratio.

--- Page 29 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 29 - 
70-41040845 
 
The application of the transitional provisions was intended to mitigate the negative impact of unrealised 
losses on government and local government debt instruments during the COVID-19 pandemic and the 
decision to apply them allowed the Group to limit the impact of a significant part of the volatility of the 
market valuation of the government bonds portfolio. However, it is not known whether these transitional 
provisions will be extended into 2023.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the capital adequacy ratios reported by the Bank were above the 
minimum levels required by the KNF on both the individual and consolidated basis.  
However, certain developments could affect the Group's ability to continue to satisfy the minimum capital 
adequacy requirements, including: 
• 
reduction in own funds due to losses resulting from high costs of legal risk related to foreign currency 
loans, deterioration in the quality of the Group's assets, lower income levels, increase in costs 
(including additional burdens imposed on banks by regulators) or a combination of all these options; 
• 
reduction of Tier 2 capital as a result of amortisation and subsequent repayment of subordinated 
liabilities; 
• 
deterioration of asset quality leading to a higher level of loan loss provisions, which could cause an 
increased amount of capital deductions; 
• 
an increase in the Group's total risk exposure amount as a result of the expansion of its business or 
depreciation of the PLN against the foreign currencies in which a part of the Group's assets is 
denominated as well as due to regulatory factors, such as the implementation of the EBA guidelines to 
probability of default and loss given default models and changes caused by applying the new default 
definition; 
• 
the Bank's ability to raise capital; 
• 
a decline in the values of the Group's securities portfolio measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income; 
• 
changes in accounting rules or in the guidelines regarding the calculation of the capital requirements 
and capital adequacy ratios of banks; and 
• 
additional capital requirements or changes in the minimum capital requirements imposed by the Bank's 
competent authority. 
Moreover, capital requirements were reduced in light of the COVID-19 pandemic (e.g., systemic risk buffer 
was reduced by 300 basis points) and might be increased in the future. 
The Group's ability to raise additional capital may be limited by numerous factors, including: 
• 
the Group's future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; 
• 
any necessary government regulatory approvals; 
• 
the financial condition of the Bank's majority shareholder; 
• 
financial markets disruption; 
• 
the Bank's credit rating; 
• 
general market conditions for capital-raising activities by commercial banks and other financial 
institutions; and 
• 
domestic and international economic, political and other conditions.  
In addition to the above, the CRR Regulation also includes a requirement for the Bank to calculate a 
leverage ratio (the "LR"), the liquidity coverage ratio (the ''LCR'') and the net stable funding ratio 
requirements (the ''NSFR'') introduced under the CRR II. As of 31 December 2021 and 30 September 2022,

--- Page 30 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 30 - 
70-41040845 
 
the LR, LCR and the NSFR with respect to the Bank are maintained at a safe level above the minimum 
requirements. 
A breach of existing laws relating to minimum capital adequacy ratios and other ratios may result in entities 
in the Group being subject to administrative sanctions, which may result in an increase of the operating 
costs of the Group, loss of reputation, and, consequently, it may have an adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The implementation of the BRRD and BRRD II into Polish law may adversely affect the Group's 
business, financial condition, and results of operations or prospects. 
The Bank and its Group is subject to Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms and amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 
2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) 
no 1093/2010 and (EU) no 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the "BRRD") 
(implemented into Polish law by the Act dated 10 June 2016 on the Bank Guarantee Fund, the Deposit 
Guarantee Scheme and Resolution (the "BGF Act")) amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC.  
Pursuant to the BRRD, the so-called "resolution authorities" are vested with the necessary powers to apply 
resolution tools to the Bank and its subsidiaries that meet the applicable conditions for resolution. The 
resolution tools include, inter alia, the instrument of "bail-in", which gives resolution authorities the power 
to write down the claims of the unsecured creditors of the Bank (or certain entities from its Group) and to 
convert debt claims to equity without the consent of such creditors. With respect to the Bank and/or certain 
entities from the Group, the resolution authorities are also vested with the power to write down "relevant 
capital instruments" in full and on a permanent basis or to convert them in full into common equity Tier 1 
instruments before any resolution action is taken if and when one or more specific circumstances apply, 
such as the determination by the relevant resolution authority that the institution meets the conditions for 
resolution and that the institution concerned has reached the point of "non-viability". In addition, resolution 
authorities are given broad powers to vary the terms of any "finance document" to which the Bank or the 
certain entities from its Group are parties, to the extent necessary to give effect to any bail-in tool, 
including a power to amend or alter the maturity of debt instruments qualified as eligible liabilities. The 
BRRD also provides the possibility for a resolution authority to suspend the Bank's (and/or certain entities 
from its Group) payment obligations resulting from the eligible liabilities when it is necessary to assess 
whether resolution action is in the public interest or when choosing the appropriate resolution actions. 
Pursuant to the BRRD, the Bank ought to contribute annually in relation to its share of specific liabilities 
in the total size of the national financial sector in order to reach a target funding level of at least: (i) 1 per 
cent. of deposits until 31 December 2024 and; (ii) 1.2 per cent. of deposits until 31 December 2030. If the 
ex-ante funds are insufficient to cover the resolution of a financial institution, further contributions will be 
raised ex-post. 
As part of the EU Banking Reform Legislation, the BRRD has been amended by BRRD II. The provisions 
of BRRD II were implemented into Polish law by the Act of 8 July 2021 amending the Act on Bank 
Guarantee Fund, the Deposit Guarantee Scheme and Resolution and some other acts.  
The legislative changes to the BGF Act include: 
• 
the introduction of a pre-resolution moratorium, i.e. granting the resolution authority the power to 
temporarily suspend certain payment obligations of the resolution entity towards specific creditors 
(which, in some cases, may include suspension of the servicing of deposits, including guaranteed 
deposits) in the pre-resolution phase, provided that such suspension may take place only if a resolution 
entity meets conditions for early intervention or whether a resolution entity is failing or likely to fail; 
• 
giving the resolution authority the power to impose restrictions on the distribution of profits in case the 
combined buffer requirement is not met due to the lack of MREL-eligible instruments; and 
• 
the introduction of provisions aimed at protecting retail investors against the risk of investing in the 
bank's instruments which may be subject to bail-in tool,

--- Page 31 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 31 - 
70-41040845 
 
which may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
The Bank and the Group may be unable to satisfy its minimum MREL requirement. 
The BRRD and the BGF Act implementing into the Polish law regulations concerning resolution introduced 
the MREL for banks. The MREL responds to the need for an adequate level of liabilities that can be 
converted to capital (or written down) in the event of material financial distress and that such resolution 
can be carried out without involving public funds. 
In connection with the adoption of the EU Banking Reform Legislation and the subsequent amendments to 
the BGF Act which came into force on 15 September 2021, the BGF has modified its existing approach to 
the determination of the MREL requirement. This new methodology was published by the BGF in 
September 2021. The changes to the methodology are related to, among other things, the determination of 
the MREL requirement, which is calculated on the basis of the Total Risk Exposure Amount (the "TREA") 
and the Total Exposure Measure (the "TEM") and the exclusion of the combined buffer requirement from 
MREL, which has to be met on top of the MREL requirement. The changes also extend to the deadline for 
complying with the target MREL, which is now set at 31 December 2023, as well as the interim goals. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is classified neither as a globally systematically important 
bank nor as a top tier bank. 
According to information received from the BGF on 5 May 2022, the target MREL requirement in relation 
to the TREA, which the Bank has to meet by 31 December 2023 at a consolidated level, has been set at the 
level of 19.22 per cent., including with respect to own funds and subordinated liabilities at 18.60 per cent. 
of the TREA. In relation to the TEM, the MREL has been set at the level of 5.91 per cent., while for own 
funds and subordinated liabilities at the level of 5.67 per cent. of the TEM.  
The MREL has been set taking into account the resolution strategy of Commerzbank, i.e. the Multiple Point 
of Entry, where the Group constitutes a separate resolution group. mBank Hipoteczny S.A. is excluded 
from the consolidation for the purposes of MREL. 
The Bank also received information concerning the path designated by the BGF to meet the above 
requirement. The interim MREL from 5 May 2022 and from the end of 2022 in relation to the TREA has 
been set at 14.67 per cent. and 16.94 per cent., respectively, including in respect to own funds and 
subordinated liabilities at 14.36 per cent. and 16.48 per cent., respectively. In relation to the TEM, the 
interim MREL goals are 3.00 per cent. from 5 May 2022 and 4.46 per cent. for the end of 2022, including 
in respect of own funds and subordinated liabilities of 3.00 per cent. and 4.34 per cent., respectively. 
However, on 22 September 2022, the BGF decided to amend the path of meeting the target minimum 
MREL requirements expressed as a percentage of the TREA by changing the approach to setting the interim 
MREL targets. The BGF took into account limited capacities of issuing capital and debt instruments by 
banks due to macroeconomic uncertainty caused by, among others, aggression of Russian Federation 
against Ukraine and costs of credit holidays shouldered by the banks. The BGF decided that the interim 
targets as at the end of 2022 will be determined based on the same formula as the interim targets applicable 
from 1 January 2022, on the basis of the current capital requirements (no significant increase of limit at the 
end of 2022). 
Issuances of additional eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL in order to meet the requirements set 
by the BGF, in particular in unfavourable market conditions, may increase the Issuer's funding costs and 
have a negative impact on its profitability and financial results. 
If the Issuer were to experience difficulties in raising MREL, it may have to reduce its lending or 
investments in other operations, and, consequently, it may have an adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Group faces ESG-related risks. 
Due to the constant development and implementation of legal regulations (including, inter alia, Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment) and market recommendations for "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or other equivalently labeled projects ("ESG"), there is a risk that the ESG projects implemented

--- Page 32 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 32 - 
70-41040845 
 
by the Issuer or the Group will not achieve the efficiency goals in any of these aspects or that there will be 
adverse environmental, social and/or other effects during the implementation of such projects. 
Furthermore, the Issuer cannot assure investors that any ESG projects or investments will comply with 
future ESG regulations, ordinances, standards or performance requirements or that the status of ESG 
projects or investments may not be withdrawn at any time. 
Failure to meet the above-described ESG requirements or standards with regard to the implementation of 
ESG projects or investments carried out by the Issuer may adversely affect the reputation and competitive 
position of the Issuer and the Group and, consequently, may have a negative impact on the operations, 
financial condition, results and prospects of the Issuer and the Group. 
The Group faces risks resulting from the temporary suspension of mortgage repayments. 
The Act on crowdfunding for business ventures and aid to borrowers of 7 July 2022 (the "Crowdfunding 
Act") provides for a possibility of suspending repayment of a mortgage loan granted to a consumer in Polish 
currency upon his request (the so-called "credit holidays") for a period of up to eight months. 
Consumers with PLN mortgage loan agreements were given the right to suspend their loan repayments on 
the following terms: 
• 
from 1 August 2022 to 30 September 2022 - for two months; 
• 
from 1 October 2022 to 31 December 2022 - for two months; and 
• 
from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 - one month in each calendar quarter. 
The loan repayment suspension period is not included in the loan period, and the loan period and the dates 
provided for in the mortgage loan agreement are extended by the loan repayment suspension period. 
During the suspension period a borrower does not have to make payments under the mortgage loan 
agreement, except for insurance charges related to this agreement. In addition, during the suspension period, 
no interest or fees are charged, other than fees for the previously indicated insurance. 
The suspension of loan repayment provided for in the Crowdfunding Act applies only to one mortgage loan 
agreement concluded to meet the consumer's own housing needs before 1 July 2022 and only to mortgage 
loan agreements denominated in PLN. 
Pursuant to the requirements of the IFRS 9 'Financial Instruments' ("IFRS 9"), the entitlement for 
customers to suspend their loan repayments introduced by the provisions of the Crowdfunding Act requires 
the adjustment of the gross carrying amount of the above-mentioned loans by designating and recognising 
in the Group's financial result the estimated cost resulting from the payment suspensions as the difference 
between: 
• 
the present value of the expected cash flows from the loan portfolio that meets the criteria of the 
Crowdfunding Act (gross carrying amount of this portfolio); and  
• 
the present value of the expected cash flows of the portfolio, determined based on the modified cash 
flows taking into account the terms of the Crowdfunding Act (i.e. the possibility of suspending the 
repayment of loan installments within the specified time frame with the simultaneous extension of the 
loan period) discounted with the current effective interest rate of the above-mentioned portfolio, 
taking into account the estimated level of participation of eligible customers who, in the Group's opinion, 
will exercise this right. This circumstance has a significant impact on the financial results of the Issuer. 
The Group recognised a negative impact of "credit holidays" on the gross result of the Group for the third 
quarter of 2022 in the amount of PLN 1.35 billion (including the impact on the Group's net interest income 
in the amount of PLN 1.28 billion). To calculate the impact of credit holidays, the Group estimated that 
customers owning 86.9 per cent. of the value of assumed eligible mortgage loan portfolio would apply for 
the credit holidays and that they would request on average 7.5 months of credit holidays. By 30 September 
2022, customers owning 80.0 per cent. of the value of the assumed eligible mortgage loan portfolio had 
submitted applications applying for an average of 6.4 months of credit holidays. 
If the amount of mortgage loans covered by credit holidays is higher than assumed by the Issuer or the 
period of credit holidays is extended by the legislator beyond 2023, this would entail additional financial

--- Page 33 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 33 - 
70-41040845 
 
burdens for the Group, and it would have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial conditions 
and results of operations. 
The Group faces legal risk related to potential claims arising in respect of WIBOR-based loan 
agreements. 
Since October 2021, interest rates have risen significantly in Poland. This in turn has had a direct impact 
on instalments paid on PLN mortgage loans, as their amount is primarily based on WIBOR. As a result, 
borrowers dissatisfied with rising instalments have started to seek grounds for invalidating their WIBOR-
based loan agreements.  
The Bank does not consider such allegations to be justified. As of the date of this Base Prospectus the Bank 
is not aware of any final judgments being issued in respect of this type of dispute. As such, there remains 
uncertainty as to the outcome of jurisprudence in this area and whether borrowers' claims would be upheld. 
In the event of unfavorable jurisprudence for banks in Poland, including the Bank, an inflow of lawsuits 
from PLN mortgage borrowers may arise, as was seen in respect of CHF borrowers (see "The Group is 
exposed to the legal risks related to loans denominated in or indexed to CHF." above). This in turn could 
increase the Bank's costs of legal risk and could have a negative effect on the Group's operations, financial 
condition and results. 
The replacement of WIBOR by a new benchmark may result in financial and legal risks. 
The Crowdfunding Act provides for the possibility of introducing a new benchmark in Poland. 
The alternative benchmark and the date of its introduction, taking into account the increase in systemic risk 
in the financial system, caused by the discontinuation or liquidation of the key WIBOR benchmark, will be 
determined by the Regulation of the Minister of Finance after consultation with the KNF. The input data of 
the new benchmark will be based on overnight transactions. The new benchmark will eventually replace 
WIBOR, which is a key interest rate benchmark within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmark Regulation") 
and which is used in financial contracts (e.g., loan agreements), financial instruments (e.g., debt securities 
or derivative instruments) and by investment funds (e.g., in determining management fees). 
In July 2022, a national working group for the reform of benchmarks (the "NWG") was established, 
composed of, inter alia, representatives of the Ministry of Finance, the National Bank of Poland, the Office 
of the KNF, as well as the largest banks, insurance companies and investment companies in Poland. 
One of the purposes of the NWG is to lead the implementation of the transition in such a way as to ensure 
the security of the financial system in Poland. In the context of the planned replacement of the WIBOR 
index with a different benchmark, the following risks may be identified: 
• 
financial risks for financial market participants, including the Group, resulting mainly from the impact 
of the benchmark interest rate on interest income and costs (impact on banks' interest income from 
loans and advances based on WIBOR; holders of floating rate bonds based on WIBOR issued for 
example by the Polish Treasury; holders of deposits based on the Warsaw interbank offer bid rate 
("WIBID"), parties to interest rate derivative transactions in Polish zlotys and the impact on 
entrepreneurs in connection with their financing agreements and securing the related interest rate risk); 
and 
 
• 
legal risk related to how the change is implemented. 
On 28 September 2022 the NWG announced a roadmap for phasing out WIBOR and replacing it with a 
new benchmark, the Warsaw Interest Rate Overnight ("WIRON"). Under the roadmap, financial products 
based on WIRON will be introduced in 2023 and WIBOR will be withdrawn in 2025. Due to the ongoing 
works on the introduction of a replacement for WIBOR, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is 
not able to estimate the possible impact of the planned change on the Group's operations and results.

--- Page 34 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 34 - 
70-41040845 
 
Risks related to the Russia-Ukraine war. 
Throughout 2021, the Russian military advance along the border of Ukraine escalated tensions between 
Russia and Ukraine and strained bilateral relations. These events have continued in 2022 with Russia 
commencing a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 (the "Russia-Ukraine war"). 
Following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the EU, the United States, the UK, Switzerland, Canada, Japan, 
Australia and certain other countries imposed wide-ranging sanctions and export controls targeting the 
Russian economy. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group does not have direct balance sheet exposure towards 
Ukraine and its direct balance sheet exposure towards Russia and Belarus, which supports Russia, is 
negligible.  
However, as of 30 September 2022, the Group identified indirect balance sheet exposure of PLN 496.3 
million and an off-balance sheet exposure of PLN 290.3 million through corporate clients whose business 
is indirectly exposed to the risks related to the Russia-Ukraine war. The Group determines indirect risk to 
be clients of which at least 30 per cent. of their exports or imports are connected to countries affected by 
the Russia-Ukraine war, or whose main shareholder is a resident of Russia, Belarus or Ukraine, or who 
have transactions under which collateral is held in the above countries. As of 30 September 2022, the 
accumulated impairment allowance for the abovementioned indirect exposure was PLN -55.5 million. 
The Russia-Ukraine war may also have an indirect impact on the Group's operations by affecting the Polish 
economy and financial markets, including commodity and fuel price volatility, increased inflation, PLN 
depreciation, problems related to the inflow of Ukrainian refugees and valuation of bonds in banks’ 
portfolios. 
Significant risks may also arise as a result of the cessation of supply of natural gas from Russia, coal 
shortages in Poland after the cessation of imports from Russia and potential winter power cuts in Poland 
due to energy shortages, which may affect the operating activities and financial situation of the Group's 
customers. Although it may be possible to obtain alternative supplies and energy sources, encourage a 
decline in the use of energy in households and businesses, and enter into agreements to share gas and energy 
across countries, the time require to implement such measures may result in declines in energy sources in 
the interim. 
Therefore, depending on the future development of the Russia-Ukraine war, it is not possible to exclude 
the risk of adverse effects on the Group. A potential slowdown in economic growth in Poland caused by 
the Russia-Ukraine war might affect the Group's lending activity and the quality of its loan portfolio. A 
significant and permanent weakening of the PLN against foreign currencies might affect the Group's 
borrowers' ability to repay FX loans. This may also cause an increase in the Group's risk-weighted assets, 
which would have a negative impact on the Group’s capital ratios. Uncertainty in the local and global 
markets resulting from economic and geopolitical concerns caused by the Russia-Ukraine war may also 
lead to an increase in funding costs and execution risks related to debt issuance in the capital markets.  
Any of these factors could have material adverse effects on the financial position and results of operations 
of the Group.  
Global economic conditions have had, and will continue to have, an effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The performance of the Group is generally influenced by the condition of the global economy and, in 
particular, the COVID-19 pandemic and the decline of macroeconomic conditions in Europe, including 
Poland and Poland's principal trading partners, such as Germany and other EU countries. 
The COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 was a major shock for the European and global economies. It caused 
disruptions to both supply and demand in the world economy. On the supply side, COVID-19 infections 
reduced labour supply and productivity, while lockdowns, business closures and social distancing also 
caused supply disruptions. On the demand side, layoffs and the loss of income and worsened economic 
prospects reduced household consumption and investments of corporates. 
Despite the quick and decisive measures taken by governments, central banks, the European Central Bank 
and by the European Union, the COVID-19 pandemic has triggered the deepest economic recession in 
Poland in nearly a century. In 2020, Poland's economy contracted for the first time since 1996. According 
to the Central Statistical Office, in 2020, Poland's GDP decreased by 2.0 per cent. year-on-year versus a

--- Page 35 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 35 - 
70-41040845 
 
4.5 per cent. growth a year earlier. This decrease had a direct impact on the Group's financial results reported 
in 2020. 
In 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic situation improved and economic growth in Europe and Poland 
accelerated. According to Eurostat, GDP growth in the European Union was 5.4 per cent. In Poland, GDP 
increased by 6.8 per cent. year-on-year in 2021 according to the revised estimate of the Central Statistical 
Office published in October 2022. 
However, in 2022, the post-COVID-19 pandemic recovery was impacted by a significant global supply 
shock, which adversely affected economic growth and increased inflation. The Russia-Ukraine war and the 
implementation of economic sanctions and export controls on Russia have put global energy, oil and gas 
supplies at risk. Therefore, the leading Polish and international research institutions forecast a decelerating 
rate of economic growth in 2022 and a deep slowdown or a mild recession in 2023 in Europe. 
The main factors behind such weaker economic performance include disruptions in supply chains causing 
interruptions in manufacturing processes compounded by the impact of sanctions imposed on Russia by 
many countries and retaliatory sanctions imposed by Russia, as well as rising prices of energy, metals, 
agricultural products and food. The current and future tightening of monetary policy and a significant 
slowdown of the Chinese economy caused by the severe restrictions introduced by the government of this 
country in connection with the worsening of the pandemic situation have a negative impact on global 
economic growth. 
The global economy is facing an uncertain outlook; the Russia-Ukraine war could end European gas supply 
from Russia altogether, rising prices could cause widespread food insecurity and social unrest and 
geopolitical fragmentation may impede global trade and cooperation. Further developments in the European 
economy will depend on many political and economic factors including, among others, the effectiveness of 
measures taken by the ECB and the European Commission. 
Poland's strong trade and financial links with the Eurozone, including links through participation in German 
supply chains, make it susceptible to shocks emanating from major trading partners in the Eurozone. 
Adverse macroeconomic conditions or negative developments in the financial markets would create an 
unfavourable environment for the banking sector and may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, results of operations and/or the prospects of the Group. 
Deterioration in Poland's economic conditions could affect the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
The Group principally conducts its operations in Poland, where the vast majority of its customers are 
located. As a result, the macroeconomic situation in Poland has a material impact on the business, financial 
condition and result of operations of the Group. 
The economic situation in Poland depends on a number of factors, including measures by which a 
government attempts to influence the economy, such as setting levels of taxation, government budgets, the 
money supply and interest rates as well as the labour market, the demographic situation in the country, 
macroeconomic conditions in the world and in Europe and the inflow of funds from the European Union. 
The economic activity in Poland in 2020 and 2021 was affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and 
government actions taken to mitigate the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The most important 
factor affecting the economic situation in Poland, which appeared in 2022, was the Russia-Ukraine war 
which led to a disruption of supply chains from Ukraine and Russia, sharp increases in prices of raw 
materials and energy, the acceleration of inflation and the enormous increase in economic uncertainty 
affecting investment decisions. These factors are expected to have both direct and indirect impact on 
business operations in Poland in the remainder of 2022 and in 2023. 
A potential prolonged economic slowdown in Poland could have a detrimental effect on the Group's 
operations. Higher unemployment and lower consumption, as well as fluctuations in the financial markets 
(including the currency market), may adversely affect the financial condition of the Group's customers, 
which could, in turn, impair the quality and volume of the Group's loans and advances portfolio and other 
financial assets and result in decreased demand for the Group's products. In addition, in unstable market 
conditions, the value of assets securing loans already granted or to be granted by the Group, including real 
estate, may decline significantly.

--- Page 36 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 36 - 
70-41040845 
 
The level of risk that is acceptable to customers may also decrease with respect to investments in securities, 
investment fund units or other investment products offered by the Group. Significant fluctuations or a 
decline in financial markets may discourage potential customers from buying investment products offered 
by the Group and current holders may withdraw or reduce their exposure to such products, which may have 
an adverse effect, in particular, on the Group's fee and commission income. 
Any deterioration in economic, business, political and social conditions in Poland may have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and operations of the Group. 
Changes to or an increase in the regulation of the financial services and banking industry in Poland 
and internationally could have an adverse effect on the Group's business. 
Regulations governing the banking and financial services industries in Poland and internationally are likely 
to increase, particularly in the current market environment, where supervisors have moved to tighten 
regulations governing financial institutions. As a result of these and other ongoing and possible future 
changes in the financial services regulatory landscape (including requirements imposed on the Group as a 
result of governmental or regulatory initiatives, such as the recommendations of the European Union, 
recommendations of the KNF and new regulations from the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision), the 
Group may face greater regulation in Poland and other countries in which it conducts operations. 
Compliance with such changes may increase its capital requirements and costs, heighten disclosure 
requirements, hinder the entering into or carrying out of certain types of transactions, affect the Group's 
strategy and limit or require modification of the rates or fees that it charges on certain loan and other 
products, any of which could lower the return ratio on its investments, assets and equity. The Group may 
also thus face increased compliance costs and limitations on its ability to pursue certain business 
opportunities. 
The occurrence of any of the above-mentioned factors may affect the Group's strategy, its growth potential, 
its fees and commissions and profit margins and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Bank may be required to implement a recovery plan or other early intervention measures under 
Polish banking law. 
In the event of a breach by the Bank, or of a threat of breach, with respect to capital adequacy ratios and 
other ratios and requirements (e.g. LCR and NSFR), or significant deterioration of the financial situation 
of the Bank, including the occurrence of a balance sheet loss or a threat thereof, a threat of insolvency or 
liquidity loss, increases in the Bank's leverage ratio, the number of its non-performing loans or the 
concentration of exposure, the Bank's Management Board shall forthwith notify the KNF and the BGF, and 
shall ensure the implementation of a recovery plan. 
The KNF may undertake with respect to the Bank the supervisory measures, in particular, it may require 
that a recovery plan or restructuring of liabilities is adopted and implemented by the Bank or that some 
Bank's operations are terminated or restricted or it may dismiss one or more members of the management 
board or persons holding managerial positions or appoint a trustee overseeing the execution of a recovery 
plan or request the Bank's management board to convene an extraordinary general meeting in order to assess 
the Bank’s situation, make a decision to cover the balance sheet loss or adopt other resolutions or request 
the Bank to amend its business strategy or articles of association. The above measures, if taken by the KNF, 
may have a significant impact on the operations of the Bank and may hamper the realisation of its business 
strategy. 
There can be no assurance that the Bank, especially in the event of a deterioration of the results of its 
operations, high regulatory burdens or creation of high provisions for legal risk related to foreign currency 
mortgage loans, may not be required to implement a recovery plan. This could affect the business and 
results of operations of the Group.  
The Bank may be required to make substantial mandatory contributions, including contributions to the 
BGF, the Borrowers' Support Fund and the Institutional Protection Scheme. 
Pursuant to the provisions of the BGF Act, the Bank is a member of a mandatory guarantee system and is 
obliged to contribute to a deposit guarantee fund and a resolution fund.

--- Page 37 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 37 - 
70-41040845 
 
Since 2017, the amount of contributions to the Deposit Guarantee Fund and the Resolution Fund has been 
calculated by the BGF individually for the Bank.  
The total amount of contributions to the mandatory Deposit Guarantee Fund for a given calendar year due 
quarterly from banks and branches of foreign banks is determined by the BGF, taking into account, inter 
alia, the current balance of funds in the Deposit Guarantee Fund and the planned path to reach the target 
level.  
On 26 October 2022, the Council of the BGF adopted the resolution which lowered the target level of the 
deposit guarantee fund from 2.6 per cent. to 1.6 per cent. of covered deposits. As of the date of this 
resolution the funds gathered in a deposit guarantee fund accounted for 1.83 per cent. of the covered 
deposits. As a result, the condition specified in Art. 294 paragraph. 1 of the BFG Act regarding non-
collection of contributions to a deposit guarantee fund was met. However, contributions in following years 
will depend on the dynamics of covered deposits. 
The basis for the calculation of contributions to the Deposit Guarantee Fund for a given quarter is the value 
of the covered deposits at a bank at the end of the quarter immediately preceding the quarter to which the 
contribution relates. The BGF takes into account the bank's risk profile by assessing the risk in the areas of 
capital, liquidity and funding, asset quality, business and management model and potential losses of the 
Fund in the event that the guarantee condition is met against a given bank and the bank's membership in an 
institutional protection scheme. 
The obligation to pay the contribution to the Resolution Fund is on the first day of the third quarter; however, 
the contribution is booked in the first quarter. The basis for calculating contributions is the sum of a bank's 
liabilities (net of own funds and covered deposits) as at the last approved annual financial statements before 
31 December of the year preceding the year of contribution. When determining the amount of the 
contribution, the institution's risk profile is taken into account by assessing the risk in the areas of risk 
exposure, stability and diversification of funding sources, the importance of the institution for the stability 
of the financial system or the economy, and additional indicators determined at the national level. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the value of the Group's BGF contribution for both funds amounted 
to PLN 227.4 million, compared with PLN 298.1 million in 2020. For the first three quarters of 2022, the 
Group's BGF contribution was PLN 245.9 million. Due to the relatively large scale of the Bank's operations, 
if a member of the mandatory guarantee system was to declare bankruptcy, the Bank may be obligated to 
make larger payments to the BGF than many other members of the deposit guarantee system. 
In addition, a Borrowers' Support Fund managed by Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego ("BGK") was 
established pursuant to the Act of 9 October 2015 in order to support residential borrowers in financial 
difficulties. The Group was obliged to make related one-off contributions to the Borrowers' Support Fund. 
(PLN 52.1 million in 2015). Under the Crowdfunding Act, Polish lenders are required to make additional 
contributions to the Borrowers' Support Fund in the total amount of PLN 1.4 billion by 31 December 2022. 
The following factors determine the contribution of a given bank: 
- 
the share of a lender in the gross carrying amount of non-performing (90 or more days delinquent) 
housing loan portfolio of the entire banking sector in Poland; and  
- 
any exemption from the obligation to make contributions to the Borrowers' Support Fund for those 
lenders who do not meet the regulatory capital and liquidity requirements. 
In the third quarter of 2022, the Group recognised a contribution to the Borrowers' Support Fund in the 
amount of PLN 184.1 million. 
In June 2022, the Issuer, together with seven other Polish commercial banks, established the Institutional 
Protection Scheme (the "IPS") in the form of a joint stock company the Polish Commercial Banks' 
Protection System (System Ochrony Banków Komercyjnych S.A., "SOBK"). As part of IPS, an aid fund 
has been established, to which the participating banks provided cash contributions. The purpose of the aid 
fund is to ensure liquidity and solvency of the participants of the scheme (up to the level of available 
contributions), support resolution of a bank conducted by the BGF and the takeover of a bank being a joint-
stock company pursuant to Art. 146b paragraph 1 of the Banking Law. The Issuer’s contribution to the aid 
fund made in the second and third quarters of 2022 amounted to PLN 428.1 million. Further contributions 
to the aid fund will require a unanimous resolution of the general meeting of SOBK.

--- Page 38 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 38 - 
70-41040845 
 
If the Bank is required to make substantial contributions to the BGF, the Borrowers' Support Fund and/or 
the IPS, it may have a material adverse effect on the Bank Group's financial results. 
The Group faces risks related to its business activity in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. 
The Bank conducts retail banking business in Czech Republic and Slovakia through its foreign branches. 
The Bank's operations in these countries are exposed to a wide range of risks accompanying international 
business arising from unexpected enactments and changes in laws, regulations, policies, and taxation, and 
divergences in the interpretation and application thereof, uncertainties in the economic environment 
including currency fluctuations, level of inflation, deflation, economic recession, local market disruption, 
social unrest, changes in disposable income or gross national product, variations in interest rates, economic 
growth and other similar factors. 
The adverse effects of these factors could lead to an increase in defaults by the Issuer's customers resulting 
in a deterioration of the Issuer's earnings. Political developments or changes in the fiscal policy in the Czech 
Republic or Slovakia could have an adverse effect on the overall economic and political stability of these 
countries. The Issuer is exposed to the macroeconomic or other factors that may affect growth in the Czech 
and Slovak banking markets and the credit worthiness of Czech and Slovak retail customers. There can be 
no assurance that any political or economic instability will not occur in the Czech Republic or Slovakia or 
that any such instability will not adversely affect the Issuer's business.  
Any of these developments and/or a decrease in the number of customers of foreign branches or a decline 
in the credit worthiness of these customers could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The KNF or other authorities may identify issues during inspections of the Bank in the future which, if 
not adequately resolved by the Bank, may result in sanctions, fines or other penalties. 
In the course of its activities, the Group is subject to numerous inspections, reviews, audits and explanatory 
proceedings conducted by various supervisors, which supervise the financial services sector and other areas 
in which the Group operates, including the KNF, the Office for Competition and Consumer Protection 
(Urząd Ochrony Konkurencji i Konsumentów) (the "OCCP") and tax authorities. 
In the period from October to December 2018, the KNF carried out an inspection of the Bank in order to 
investigate whether the activities of the Bank in the area of fulfilling its duties as depositary were in 
conformity with the law and agreements on the performance of functions of a depositary, in particular in 
conformity with the Act of 27 May 2004 on Investment Funds and Management of Alternative Investment 
Funds (Journal of Laws of 2018, item 1355, as later amended). In April 2021 the Bank received a decision 
of the KNF regarding this inspection which imposed a fine on the Bank in the total amount of PLN 4.3 
million. The Bank paid the fine on 17 March 2022. In January 2022, the Issuer submitted a complaint to 
the Voivodeship Administrative Court against the decision of the KNF. On 24 August 2022, the 
Voivodeship Administrative Court dismissed the Bank's complaint against the decision of the KNF.  
mFinanse S.A., a subsidiary of the Bank, is currently under inspection by the Social Insurance Institution 
("ZUS"), which focuses on the correctness and reliability of calculating social insurance contributions and 
other contributions that ZUS is required to collect, as well as reporting for social insurance and health 
insurance for the years 2018 to 2021.    
mFinanse S.A. is in dispute with ZUS over the interpretation of the application of social security regulation 
in the area of the cooperation model involving the simultaneous employment of intermediaries on a part-
time basis and a civil law contract. There are currently eight cases under consideration by the courts relating 
to the cooperation model used by mFinanse S.A. The Group's position is that the cooperation model used 
by mFinanse S.A. complies with the provisions of the law, including the Banking Law in terms of providing 
credit intermediaries with access to data covered by bank secrecy, however the decisions of the courts have 
not yet been made. In connection with this, the Group created provisions which, as of 30 September 2022, 
amounted to PLN 99.3 million. 
Other administrative proceedings are described in the subsection of the Base Prospectus entitled "Legal, 
Administrative and Arbitration Proceedings".  
In the future, if any irregularities are found by the Group's supervisory authorities and the Bank fails to 
remedy them (provided that an opportunity to do so is given) the Bank may be exposed to sanctions, fines

--- Page 39 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 39 - 
70-41040845 
 
and other penalties as prescribed by applicable law. This could affect the business, financial condition, 
reputation and results of operations of the Group. 
Additional tax burdens may be imposed on Polish banks, or the existing taxes may be increased. 
In December 2015, the Polish Parliament adopted the Act on Tax Imposed on Certain Financial Institutions 
(the "2015 Tax Act"). The purpose of the 2015 Tax Act, which entered into force on 1 February 2016, was 
to impose tax on the assets of financial institutions, including banks. The tax (the "Banking Tax") is 
calculated by reference to the total assets of a bank, subject to a tax-free amount of PLN 4 billion. Own 
funds and treasury bonds are excluded from the new tax. 
The tax rate, which is charged monthly, is currently set at 0.0366 per cent., but there is no guarantee that it 
will not be raised in the future or that additional taxes will not be levied on the Bank. Since it was 
introduced, the Banking Tax had material negative impact on net profit generated by the Group. The amount 
of the Banking Tax expense of the Group reached PLN 503.8 million in the period between January and 
September 2022, PLN 608.6 million in 2021 and PLN 531.4 million in 2020. 
The Banking Tax is not a tax-deductible cost for corporate income tax purposes. Therefore, it significantly 
increases the effective tax rate for the Group. 
In 2022, certain European politicians proposed imposing a windfall tax on excess profits for companies 
which generate a significant increase in their earnings due to circumstances or events for which they are 
not responsible. In 2022, some countries, such as Italy, Romania, Hungary and the UK, have already levied 
this type of tax. A windfall tax for banks and energy companies was also under debate in the Czech Republic 
in the third quarter of 2022. In October 2022, the Czech government announced a draft of the windfall tax 
on the banking sector which would be paid from 2023, 2024 and 2025 profits. 
In September 2022 the Polish Ministry of State Assets announced its intention to introduce a windfall tax 
targeting large corporates, including banks. However, the scope and timing of such a tax has not been 
determined.  
Any changes in the Banking Tax which increase the level of the tax payable by the Bank or any new taxes, 
including windfall taxes, imposed on banks may affect the financial results of the Group and could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Interpretation of Polish laws and regulations may be unclear and Polish laws and regulations may 
change. 
The Bank has been established and operates under Polish law. The Polish legal system is based on statutory 
law enacted by the Parliament. A significant number of regulations relating to the issue of and trading in 
securities, shareholders' rights, foreign investments, issues related to corporate operation and corporate 
governance, commerce, taxes and business activity have been or may be changed. These regulations are 
subject to different interpretations and may be interpreted in an inconsistent manner. Moreover, not all court 
decisions are published in official journals and, as a matter of general rule, they are not binding in other 
cases and are thus of limited importance as legal precedent. The Bank cannot provide assurance that its 
interpretation of Polish laws and regulations will not be challenged, and any successful challenge could 
result in fines or penalties or could require the Bank to modify its practices, all of which would have an 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Similarly, the Polish tax system is subject to frequent changes. Some provisions of Polish tax law are 
ambiguous, and often there is no unanimous or uniform interpretation of law or uniform practice by the tax 
authorities. Because of different interpretations of Polish tax law, the risk connected with Polish tax law 
may be greater than that under other tax jurisdictions in more developed markets. The Bank cannot 
guarantee that the Polish tax authorities will not take a different, unfavourable view of the interpretation of 
tax provisions implemented by the Bank or any Group member, which may have an adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The operations of the Group's subsidiaries and the related disclosures in tax returns may be challenged by 
tax authorities as being non-compliant with tax laws. There is a risk of changes in tax laws and adoption by 
tax authorities of tax rulings different from those underlying the calculation of tax liabilities by the Group's 
subsidiaries.

--- Page 40 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 40 - 
70-41040845 
 
Moreover, in relation to the cross-border character of the Group's business, the double tax treaties to which 
the Republic of Poland is a party also have an effect on the Group's business. Different interpretations of 
double tax treaties by the tax authorities and changes to these treaties may have a material adverse effect 
on the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects of the Group. 
The impact of competition and anti-monopoly legislation. 
The Group's business must comply with regulations regarding competition, consumer protection and public 
aid. Under the Polish Antimonopoly Act, the President of the OCCP has the right to issue a decision stating 
that a business entity is participating in an arrangement which aims at or results in the limitation of 
competition. Moreover, the President of the OCCP may accuse business entities having a dominant position 
in the Polish market of an abuse of such position. Having determined that such practice has taken place, the 
President of the OCCP may order the discontinuance of such practices and may also impose a fine. The 
President of the OCCP also has the authority to declare that the provisions of agreements, as well as the 
tariffs and fees used by a particular business, violate the collective interest of consumers and, as a 
consequence, may order the discontinuance of such agreements and impose a fine on the business. 
If there is any suspicion of a breach which could impact trade between Member States, the Treaty 
Establishing the European Community and other community legislation apply directly, while the authority 
competent to enforce them is the European Commission or the President of the OCCP. Within the scope of 
their competencies, the European Commission or the President of the OCCP may come to the conclusion 
that a specific action of a business entity constitutes a prohibited action that restricts competition and is an 
abuse of market position or breach of common consumer interests, and they may prohibit any such practices 
or apply other sanctions provided for in the community law regulations or the Act on Protection of 
Competition and Consumers, which may adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Group. 
Moreover, acquisitions by the Bank of businesses operating in the financial services and banking sectors 
may require consents for concentration issued by Polish authorities, foreign competition authorities or 
financial sector regulatory authorities. The grant of any such consent depends, among other things, on the 
evaluation of the consequences that the relevant concentration may have on the competition in the market. 
No assurance can be given that any such consents would be granted. If consent for concentration is refused 
for a particular acquisition, it will prevent the completion of such acquisition and would restrict the Group's 
ability to grow. 
The Act amending the Act on Protection of Competition and Consumers, which entered into force on 17 
April 2016, gives the President of the OCCP certain additional powers. In particular, the President of the 
OCCP is permitted to issue administrative decisions concerning prohibited clauses in contract templates 
and ban their further use. The amended Act on Protection of Competition and Consumers introduced a new 
prohibition on breaching the collective interest of consumers by the mis-selling of financial services. The 
Group has implemented appropriate procedures to mitigate the risk associated with offering financial 
services that are inadequate for a particular customer. However, as the concept of mis-selling is broad, there 
is a risk that the OCCP can initiate proceedings against the Bank if it finds that financial services are 
inadequate for a particular customer. 
The current developments regarding the strengthening of consumer rights might lead to further obligations 
being imposed on the Group, which, in the case of a failure to comply with such rules, could adversely 
affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
3. Risks relating to the Group and its relationship with Commerzbank and its affiliates (the 
Commerzbank Group) 
Commerzbank holds corporate control over the Bank. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s principal shareholder, Commerzbank, held 29,352,897 
shares, representing 69.2 per cent. of the Bank's share capital, which gave Commerzbank the right to 
exercise 69.2 per cent. of the total number of votes at any General Shareholders' Meeting.  
Commerzbank is able to exercise corporate control over the Bank due to its share in the capital of the Bank 
and in the total number of votes at the General Meeting. In particular, Commerzbank has majority voting 
power at the General Meeting, and thus has a decisive voice regarding major corporate actions, such as the 
amendment of the Articles of Association, issuance of new shares of the Bank, decrease of the Bank's share

--- Page 41 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 41 - 
70-41040845 
 
capital, issuance of convertible bonds, payment of dividends and other actions which, according to the 
Polish Code of Commercial Companies and Partnerships of 15 September 2000 (as amended) (the "KSH"), 
require a qualified or simple majority vote at a General Shareholders' Meeting for approval. In addition, 
Commerzbank holds a sufficient number of votes to appoint a majority of the members of the Supervisory 
Board, which in turn appoints the members of the Management Board. As a result, Commerzbank has the 
ability to exercise considerable control over the Bank's operations. 
If the interests of Commerzbank and the interests of the Group conflict, this could have an adverse effect 
on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Bank's shareholders are not required to support the Bank. 
The Bank is an independent entity from its principal shareholder, Commerzbank, and has historically 
benefited from its support in different areas. Commerzbank's past efforts do not necessarily mean that it 
will be obliged to provide support and finance to the Group in any case in the future, in particular to 
subscribe for newly issued shares in any future equity offering or ensure debt financing for the Group. If 
the Bank needs further equity injections or debt financing and/or a significant decrease of Commerzbank's 
shareholding in the Bank in the future were to occur, a lack of financial support from Commerzbank may 
have a negative reputational effect on the Group. A potential loss of control over the Bank by Commerzbank 
in the future may lead to negative consequences resulting from the agreements based on which the Group 
obtained debt financing, in particular the potential necessity to repay such debt financing earlier. 
The occurrence of any of these situations may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition or results of operations. 
RISKS RELATED TO NOTES AND INVESTMENT IN NOTES 
4. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At such times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed, and may only be able to do 
so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to execute such a 
conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be 
expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the 
same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may 
be lower than the prevailing market rates. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such

--- Page 42 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 42 - 
70-41040845 
 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared with more conventional interest-bearing securities 
having comparable maturities. 
Risks relating to Reset Notes. 
 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if 
any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Reset Reference Rate and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate"). The Subsequent Reset Rate for 
any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset 
Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
 
5. Risks related to Notes which are linked to or referencing "benchmarks"  
Changes to Benchmarks. 
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) for a Series 
of Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes may specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to EURIBOR, PRIBOR, WIBOR, SOFR, SONIA or other reference rates which 
are deemed to be "benchmarks". Such benchmarks are the subject of ongoing international, national and 
other regulatory discussions, guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause some benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past or disappear entirely, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes (including the value and/or liquidity 
thereof and/or the return thereon) referencing such a benchmark.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU and the UK, 
respectively. Each of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation among other 
things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based or non-
UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU or UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK-based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
In addition, the EU Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to 
deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power 
to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national 
authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes 
issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback provisions or no suitable fallback provisions before 
the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. For instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision included 
in Condition 5.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) a benchmark is replaced by a benchmark which no longer 
reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality that the 
benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such benchmark may be 
designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, 
certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable 
benchmark. However, there are still some uncertainties as to the application of these regulatory provisions 
as implementing acts must be adopted. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a direct 
and/or material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR, PRIBOR, WIBOR or another benchmark rate or 
index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the terms of EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the or affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark.  
Floating Rate Notes which specify Screen Rate Determination in the applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined; in particular (but without limitation) may be impacted if (i) a benchmark could not be

--- Page 43 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 43 - 
70-41040845 
 
used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration 
or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction or non-UK jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and/or (ii) if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the benchmark. In addition, either of the above examples could potentially lead to the Floating Rate Notes 
being de-listed, adjusted or redeemed early or otherwise impacted, depending on the particular benchmark 
and the applicable terms of the Floating Rate Notes, or have other adverse effects or unforeseen 
consequences. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks (including EURIBOR, PRIBOR, 
WIBOR, SOFR and SONIA): (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to such benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks; or (iii) 
lead to the discontinuation or unavailability of quotes of certain benchmarks. Any of the above changes or 
any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other 
initiatives or investigations could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the benchmark-related reforms and investigations in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
Benchmark Discontinuation. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk-free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the Eurozone. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the Eurozone. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or 
whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.  
The PRIBOR and WIBOR are also in the process of reform to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, and it is uncertain how long they will continue in their current forms or whether 
they will be replaced with risk-free rates or other alternative benchmarks.  
The Programme provides for the issuance of Notes with a floating rate of interest determined on the basis 
of benchmarks including those mentioned above. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes to benchmarks as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives 
or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such 
changes, could have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, value of and return on 
any such affected Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
The Conditions in respect of Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements 
in the event that an Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) and/or any page on 
which an Original Reference Rate may be published (or any other successor service) becomes unavailable 
or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event, as applicable (each as defined in the Conditions 
of the Notes) otherwise occurs. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest 
or other amounts payable under the Notes could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Rate or a Benchmark Replacement, as applicable (each as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) 
determined, in the case of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate by an Independent Adviser (as defined 
in the Conditions of the Notes) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described 
more fully in the Conditions of the Notes. If a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
is so determined, an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) shall also be determined 
by the relevant Independent Adviser in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes, and amendments to

--- Page 44 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 44 - 
70-41040845 
 
the Conditions of the Notes may be made by the relevant Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with the Issuer) to follow market practice in 
relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or to ensure the proper operation of the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. Where a 
Benchmark Replacement replaces the then-current Benchmark (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) 
a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment as defined in the Conditions of the Notes shall be determined by 
the Issuer or its designee to apply to the Benchmark Replacement. An Adjustment Spread or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment could be positive, negative or zero. Investors should note that the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer or its designee, as the case may be, will have discretion to determine the 
applicable Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment in the circumstances described in 
the Conditions of the Notes, and, in any event, an Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment, as applicable may not be effective in reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit 
to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate or Benchmark, as 
applicable with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate or the Benchmark Replacement, as applicable, 
(as the case may be). 
The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement, as applicable, (including with 
the application of an Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, respectively) will still 
result in any Notes referencing an Original Reference Rate or Benchmark, as applicable, performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original 
Reference Rate or Benchmark, as applicable, were to continue to apply in its current form. No consent of 
the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments described 
above. 
No Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment (as applicable) will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and 
conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect any Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes (as applicable), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of 
Ordinary Senior Notes, MREL Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the relevant Series of Senior 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes as "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor 
term) which are available to count towards the Issuer's and/or the Group's eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity. In the case of Ordinary Senior Notes, MREL Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms 
of the Notes will be made pursuant to Condition 5.4(c) (Benchmark Discontinuation – Additional 
Provisions), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity date 
of the Notes. 
Any such adjustment or amendment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no 
assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder or Couponholder, any such 
adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder or Couponholder. 
In certain circumstances (including where, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to make the necessary determination of a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread), the ultimate fallback for the 
purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) 
may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being 
used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes 
based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning 
the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and 
the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may 
not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of international, 
national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in 
relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes, could have a material adverse effect 
on the trading market for value of and return on any Notes linked to such benchmark.

--- Page 45 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 45 - 
70-41040845 
 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect 
to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, including SONIA and SOFR, as reference 
rates for Notes. 
Under the Programme the Issuer has the option to issue Notes for which the Rate of Interest is determined 
by reference to SONIA or SOFR (as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement). The use of risk-free rates, including those such as SONIA and SOFR, 
as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the 
calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds 
referencing SONIA and SOFR, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-free 
rates, such as SONIA and SOFR, under this Programme. The Issuer may in future also issue Notes 
referencing SONIA and SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with 
any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond 
markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price 
of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated 
term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates 
do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such 
risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates, such as SONIA and SOFR, may differ from other inter-bank offered rates in a number 
of material respects and have a limited history. 
The Issuer may issue Notes that are calculated by reference to risk-free rates such as SONIA and SOFR. 
Risk-free rates, such as SONIA and SOFR, may differ from the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") 
and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects. These include (without limitation) being 
backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, 
overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally 
expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on 
interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently 
to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that 
represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an 
unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR 
have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Publication of SONIA and SOFR began in April 2018 and the rates therefore have a limited history. The 
future performance of SONIA and SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The levels of SONIA and SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to

--- Page 46 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 46 - 
70-41040845 
 
the historical levels of SONIA and SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market 
variables and their relation to SONIA and SOFR, such as correlations, may change in the future. Investors 
should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free 
rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, the interest on Notes which reference SOFR or SONIA is only capable of being determined 
at the end of the relevant Observation Period or Interest Period (as applicable) and immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference SOFR or SONIA 
to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may 
be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could 
adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates 
become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 10 (Events of Default), or are 
otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable 
in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior 
to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or 
SOFR or discontinue SONIA or SOFR. 
In relation to any Notes linked to SONIA or SOFR, The Bank of England or the New York Federal Reserve 
(or a successor), as administrator of SONIA and SOFR, respectively, may, after the relevant Issue Date, 
make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, including changes 
related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the 
transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA or SOFR. In 
addition, the relevant administrator may after the relevant Issue Date alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case the fallback methods of determining the 
Rate of Interest on the Notes will apply). The relevant administrator has no obligation to consider the 
interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or 
SOFR. 
6. Risks related to Notes generally 
Notes may be required to absorb losses as a result of statutory powers conferred on the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
The Noteholders are subject to the risk that such Notes may be required to absorb losses as a result of 
statutory powers conferred on the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
The powers provided to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD include, among others, a 
statutory write-down and conversion powers that can be used to ensure that tier 1 and tier 2 subordinated 
capital instruments (which could include Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) fully absorb losses at the point of non-
viability of an institution or its group and before any resolution action is taken. There is also a separate 
resolution tool, the "bail-in tool", which gives the Relevant Resolution Authority the power to cancel all or 
a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities. The bail-in tool can be used 
to recapitalise an institution that is failing or likely to fail, allowing authorities to restructure it through the 
resolution process and restore its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. Under the BRRD the point 
of non-viability of a resolution entity is the point at which the relevant resolution authority determines that 
the resolution entity or its group: (i) meets conditions for resolution; or (ii) will no longer be viable unless 
the relevant instruments (such as Notes issued under the Programme) are written down or converted into 
equity; (iii) requires extraordinary public financial support other than to remedy a serious disturbance in 
the economy of an EEA member state and to preserve financial stability; or (iv) infringes or, in the near 
future, will infringe its consolidated prudential requirements in a way that would justify action by the 
resolution authority.  
In addition, the powers granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD include the following 
resolution tools: (i) to direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business 
on commercial terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural 
requirements that would otherwise apply, (ii) to transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial

--- Page 47 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 47 - 
70-41040845 
 
institution to a "bridge bank" (a publicly controlled entity) and (iii) to transfer the assets of the relevant 
financial institution to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be managed over time. The BRRD 
also grants powers to enable the Relevant Resolution Authority to implement the resolution tools, including 
the power to replace or substitute the relevant financial institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, 
the power to modify the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of 
interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), and/or the power to discontinue 
the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. Any application of the "bail-in" power shall 
be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact 
of such application on Noteholders will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, 
including any priority given to other creditors such as depositors. 
As a result, the BRRD contemplates that resolution authorities may require the permanent write-down of 
such capital instruments (which write-down may be in full) or the conversion of them into common equity 
tier 1 instruments at the point of non-viability (which common equity Tier 1 instruments may also be subject 
to any application of the general bail-in tool described above) and before any other bail-in or resolution tool 
can be used. The application of any non-viable loss-absorption measure may result in Noteholders losing 
some or all of their investment. The exercise of any such power may be inherently unpredictable and may 
depend on a number of factors which may be outside the Issuer's control. Any such exercise, or any 
suggestion that the Notes could become subject to such exercise, could, therefore, materially adversely 
affect the value of the Notes. 
Under the terms of the Notes, investors will agree to be bound by and consent to the exercise of any bail-
in power or stay powers. 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise, in the future, of a bail-in power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority and the Notes include a contractual consent to the application of the bail-in power and, 
consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Notes.  
By acquiring Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by (a) the 
effect of the exercise of any bail-in power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may include and result 
in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal 
amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under, or in respect of, the 
Notes; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or 
any other outstanding amounts due under, or in respect of, the Notes into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, 
securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of 
the Notes; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes; (iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes 
or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and (b) the variation of the terms of the 
Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of any bail-in power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
The exercise of any such powers or any suggestion of, or perception of there being an increased likelihood 
of, such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of the Notes 
or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
Additionally, the Notes may be subject to the exercise, in the future, of other resolution measures such as 
stay powers by the relevant resolution authority. The Notes include a contractual consent to the application 
of the stay powers and so by subscribing, purchasing and/or holding Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges 
and accepts that, where a resolution measure is taken in relation to the Issuer or any member of the same 
group as the Issuer which is an entity within the scope of Article 71a of the BRRD and any relevant 
implementing measures in any EEA member state, the Notes may be subject to the exercise of stay powers 
by a relevant resolution authority and the Noteholder shall be bound by the application or exercise of any 
such stay powers. Consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Notes as a result 
of the application or exercise of such stay powers. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the Issuer's option for taxation reasons or upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event or an MREL Disqualification Event, subject to certain 
conditions. 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due 
to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature

--- Page 48 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 48 - 
70-41040845 
 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of Poland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax (a "Tax Jurisdiction"), the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all outstanding Notes in 
whole, but not in part, in accordance with the Conditions. The Notes may be also redeemed for taxation 
reasons if: (i) the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in any 
Tax Jurisdiction in respect of any payment of interest to be made on the Notes on the next payment date 
due under the Notes or the value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced; or (ii) if the 
applicable tax treatment of the Notes is materially affected. In each case, the Issuer may only redeem such 
Notes if such: (i) additional payment or inability to claim a tax deduction (as applicable) occurs or the 
applicable tax treatment of the Notes is materially affected as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of any Tax Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and (ii) in the case of MREL Senior Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes only if so permitted by the Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force and 
subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as applicable (if such permission is required), 
as further described in Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Furthermore, if a Capital Disqualification Event occurs as a result of a change (or any pending change 
which the Competent Authority considers sufficiently certain) in Polish law or law of any other relevant 
jurisdiction, Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation 
thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer may redeem all, and not some only, of any 
Series of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable 
Banking Regulations then in force and subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as 
applicable (if such permission is required), as further described in Condition 7.3 (Early Redemption due to 
Capital Disqualification Event). 
If a MREL Disqualification Event occurs as a result of a change (or any pending change which the 
competent authority considers sufficiently certain) in Polish law, law of any other relevant jurisdiction or 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) or 
any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, 
MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable 
Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force, 
and subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as applicable (if such permission is 
required), as further described in Condition 7.4 (Early Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event). 
In respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, the regulatory conditions include the requirement under CRD that, 
if such Notes are to be redeemed during the first five years after the issuance of the relevant Series of such 
Notes, the Issuer must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the event triggering 
such redemption was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issue of the Notes and, in the case of an 
early redemption relating to the tax treatment of the Notes, that the change in tax treatment is material and, 
in the case of an early redemption relating to a Capital Disqualification Event, that such change is 
sufficiently certain. These foreseeability and materiality conditions to redemption contained in CRD only 
apply to a redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes occurring in the first five years after the issue date of 
the relevant Series of such Notes and, therefore, an issuer of regulatory capital securities, such as the Tier 
2 Subordinated Notes, could opt to redeem such Notes for tax or regulatory reasons after such fifth 
anniversary, including based upon an event that occurred within the first five years of issue. There can 
therefore be no assurances that Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will not be called for tax or regulatory reasons 
prior to any specified optional call date.  
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's 
insolvency. 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all present and future, direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer outstanding from time to time, save for 
certain obligations required to be preferred by Polish law. In the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency, 
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Issuer or in the event of a resolution in respect of the Issuer, 
and to the extent permitted by Polish law, the rights of a holder of such Subordinated Notes shall be

--- Page 49 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 49 - 
70-41040845 
 
subordinated in right of payment only to claims against the Issuer of all unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer, as described in Condition 2 (Status of the Notes). 
Under certain circumstances, the Issuer's ability to redeem or repurchase the Notes may be limited. 
The CRD or BRRD, as applicable, prescribes certain conditions for the granting of permission by the 
Competent Authority to a request by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the Notes prior to their stated 
maturity date. Those conditions include the following: (i) before such redemption the Notes shall be 
replaced with other MREL-eligible instruments of equal or higher quality; (ii) the Issuer shall demonstrate 
to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that following such redemption the MREL-eligible 
instruments of the Issuer exceed the requirements specified in the CRD and/or BRRD by at least the margin 
the Competent Authority considers necessary; or (c) the Issuer shall demonstrate to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the partial or full replacement of the Notes constituting the eligible liabilities 
with instruments classified as own funds is necessary to ensure compliance with capital requirements 
applicable to the Issuer. The Issuer may redeem or repurchase the Notes prior to their stated maturity date 
only if such redemption or repurchase is in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and it has 
been granted the approval of or permission from the Competent Authority and any other requirements of 
the Applicable Banking Regulations applicable to such redemptions or repurchases at the time have been 
complied with by the Issuer. The rules under CRD and/or BRRD may be modified from time to time after 
the Issue Date of the Notes.  
Some Notes may be subordinated to most of the Issuer's liabilities. 
If Notes are subordinated or senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, and the Issuer is declared 
insolvent and/or a winding up is initiated, claims in respect of such Notes will rank as described in the 
Conditions and the Issuer will be required to pay certain of its other creditors in full before it can make any 
payments on such Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these 
payments to pay amounts due under its subordinated or senior non-preferred Notes. Investors in such Notes 
could therefore lose some or all of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent or should the Notes 
become subject to the exercise of bail in and loss absorption powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
The terms of the Notes (other than Ordinary Senior Notes) contain a no set-off clause. 
The Conditions of the Notes (other than Ordinary Senior Notes) provide that there is no set-off, netting, 
compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note 
against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against any Noteholder, directly 
or indirectly howsoever arising. As a result, Holders of any Notes (other than Ordinary Senior Notes) would 
not at any time be entitled to set off the Issuer's obligations under the Notes against obligations owed by 
them to the Issuer. 
Notes may be subject to substitution and modification without Noteholder consent. 
To the extent that Condition 11 (Substitution and Variation) is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) as being applicable to the Notes provisions 
relating to the substitution or variation of the Notes, in certain circumstances, such as if a Capital 
Disqualification Event, an MREL Disqualification Event or a circumstance giving rise to the right of the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes for taxation reasons under Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) occurs 
and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or modify the terms of all 
(but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
to ensure that such substituted or varied Notes continue to qualify as Tier 2 Subordinated Notes or towards 
the Issuer's MREL Requirements as applicable. 
While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of the Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are materially 
less favourable to a Noteholder of such Note, there can be no assurances as to whether any of these changes 
will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of 
holding such varied Notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp 
duty consequences for them of holding the Notes prior to such substitution or variation.

--- Page 50 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 50 - 
70-41040845 
 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent 
of all investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Issuer may, with the consent of the Agent, but, without 
the consent of Noteholders, (i) amend the Conditions of the Notes to correct a manifest error, cure any 
ambiguity or cure, correct or supplement any defective provision contained therein, or (ii) amend the 
Conditions of the Notes in any manner which is not materially prejudicial to the interests of holders of such 
Notes, or (iii) substitute for itself another company as principal debtor under any Ordinary Senior Notes in 
place of the Issuer, as more fully described in Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and 
Substitution). 
In addition, certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the Notes in the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the 
Noteholders. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in law. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on applicable law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law, Polish 
law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may 
provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of 
those Notes, whether directly or indirectly, for projects and activities that satisfy certain eligibility 
requirements that purport to promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes (the "Green 
Assets"). Prospective investors should have regard to the information in the applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) regarding such use of proceeds and must 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes, 
together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
In particular, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Group or any of the Dealers to investors that 
the use of such proceeds for any Green Assets will satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments is or are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard 
to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses the subject 
of, or related to, the relevant Green Assets.  
No assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Group or any of the Dealers to investors that any projects 
or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets will meet or continue to meet on an ongoing basis 
any or all investor expectations regarding "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so 
called "EU Taxonomy") or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA), or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "social" or "sustainable" or an equivalently labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green", "social" 
or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition 
or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change.

--- Page 51 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 51 - 
70-41040845 
 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Group or any of the Dealers to investors that 
any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such "green", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled performance objectives or 
that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of 
any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets.  
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework 
and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent 
financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of such Notes before deciding to invest. 
The Issuer's Green Bond Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from 
any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Green Bond Framework does not form part of, 
nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus.  
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Group or any of the Dealers as to the suitability 
or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in 
particular with any Green Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For 
the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such 
opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion or certification was initially issued, and 
the criteria and/or considerations that informed the provider of such opinion or certification may change at 
any time. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications 
are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
In particular, the Bank appointed Sustainalytics B.V. to provide the Second Party Opinion in relation to the 
Green Bond Framework. The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environment-related 
considerations on the potential impact of the issue of Series of Notes linked to the Green Assets. However, 
the Second Party Opinion does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is only an opinion and not a 
statement of fact. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not intended to 
address any credit, market or other aspects of any investment in any Notes, including without limitation 
market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability to any security or any other factors that may 
affect the value of such Notes. The Second Party Opinion and any other opinion or certification is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. The 
criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion 
or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Noteholders will have no recourse against Sustainalytics B.V. 
in its capacity of a provider of the Second Party Opinion. In addition, it will not constitute an event of 
default under the terms of any Series of Notes if the Issuer fails to observe the provisions in the Green Bond 
Framework relating to the envisaged use of proceeds of such Series of Notes or the Issuer's intentions as 
regards ongoing reporting on environmental impact provided for in the Green Bond Framework. A negative 
change to, or a withdrawal of, any evaluation of the Green Bond Framework may affect the value of the 
Series of Notes linked to the Green Assets and may have consequences for certain investors mandated to 
invest in sustainable assets. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether 
or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any 
other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, 
it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any such listings or admission to trading will be obtained in 
respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained 
during the lifetime of the Notes. 
Payment of any principal or interest in respect of such Notes will be made from the Issuer's general funds 
and will not be directly linked to the performance of any Green Assets. While it is the intention of the Issuer

--- Page 52 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 52 - 
70-41040845 
 
to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of any Notes issued as Green Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes), there is no contractual or regulatory obligation to do so. Additionally, no 
assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Group or any of the Dealers that, at any time, (i) any assets 
or type(s) of assets qualifying as Green Assets will be available or meet the Eligibility Criteria; (ii) any 
Green Asset will continue to meet the relevant Eligibility Criteria, or that the Issuer will be able to replace 
any Green Assets; or (iii) any Green Asset will be, or will be capable of being, implemented or completed 
in, or substantially in, the intended manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule or specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer and that, accordingly, any proceeds of such Notes will be used as 
intended. There may be periods when a sufficient aggregate amount of Green Assets is not available or has 
not been allocated to fully cover the proceeds of each Green Bond. Additionally, the maturity of any Green 
Asset may not match the minimum duration of any Note issued as a Green Bond. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no direct or contractual link between Notes issued as Green Bonds and 
the Green Assets (or any other environmental, social, governance or similar targets set by the Issuer), 
Noteholders will have no direct or indirect interest in, or recourse to, or preferred right against, any Green 
Asset, and Green Assets are not collateral for the Issuer's obligations under the Notes. Additionally, none 
of: 
• 
the occurrence of any or all of the factors described in the preceding paragraph; 
• 
a failure by the Issuer (either totally or partially) to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
issuance of any Notes issued as Green Bonds to finance, or refinance, in whole or in part, Green Assets 
as described in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes), this Base Prospectus and the Green Bond Framework; 
• 
a failure of the Issuer (either totally or partially) to evaluate, select and report on Green Assets, or to 
manage the proceeds from each Green Bond, or procure any external review and verification, each as 
described in this Base Prospectus and the Green Bond Framework; 
• 
a failure of a third party to issue (or the withdrawal by a third party of, or amendment of) an opinion 
or certification in connection with the Green Bond Framework or any Notes issued as Green Bonds 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer), and/or any such third party opinion or certification stating that 
the Issuer is not complying or fulfilling relevant criteria, in whole or in part, with respect to any matters 
for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying, and/or the amendment of any criteria 
on which such opinion or certification was given; 
• 
a failure of the Issuer to obtain or publish any report, assessment, opinion, certification and/or label 
relating to the Green Bonds;  
• 
the failure of any Note issued as a Green Bond to meet investors' expectations requirements regarding 
any "green", "ESG" or similar label(s) or characteristic(s); or  
• 
a failure of any Note issued as a Green Bond to be or continue to be listed or admitted to trading on 
any dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid, 
will (i) constitute an Event of Default under the Notes, or (ii) be a breach of contract with respect to any of 
the Notes issued as Green Bonds, or (iii) give rise to any other claim or right (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any redemption option or right to accelerate the Notes) of a holder of such Green Bonds against 
the Issuer, or (iv) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the 
Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes or 
(v) affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes as tier 2 capital instruments or MREL eligible liabilities 
(as applicable). Prospective investors should note that all MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes including if any such Notes are issued as Green Bonds, will only contain limited 
enforcement events. 
Likewise, Green Bonds, as any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of CRR eligibility criteria 
and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, proceeds from 
Green Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities will be fully available to cover any and all losses

--- Page 53 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 53 - 
70-41040845 
 
arising on the balance sheet of the Issuer (in the same way as the Issuer's other instruments not classified 
as Green Bonds) regardless of their "green", "ESG" or similar label or characteristics. Their labelling as 
Green Bonds will not affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes as tier 2 capital instruments or MREL 
eligible liabilities (as applicable) and will not have any impact on their status. Furthermore, Green Bonds 
will be subject to application of the bail-in tool, to the same extent and with the same ranking as any other 
Note which is not a Green Bond. 
The occurrence of any of the above factors may cause damage to the Issuer's reputation and may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which 
are intended to finance Green Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose (which consequences may 
include the need to sell such Notes as a result of such Notes not falling within the investor's investment 
criteria or mandate). 
In addition, any such event or failure may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and 
potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Green Assets and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose.  
7. Risks related to suspension, interruption or termination of trading in the Notes 
The listing of the Notes may, depending on the rules applicable to the relevant stock exchange, be suspended 
or interrupted by the respective stock exchange or a competent regulatory authority for a number of reasons, 
including a violation of price limits, a breach of statutory provisions, the occurrence of operational problems 
involving the stock exchange or generally if deemed required in order to secure a functioning market or to 
safeguard the interests of investors. Furthermore, trading in the Notes may be terminated either upon the 
decision of the stock exchange or a regulatory authority or upon application by the Issuer. 
Because the global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as 
defined above), investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication 
with the Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more global Notes. Such global Notes 
will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper (as the case may be) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant global Note, investors will 
not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records 
of the beneficial interests in the global Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes are represented by one or 
more global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments 
to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account 
holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility 
or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the global 
Notes. 
Noteholders of beneficial interests in the global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Clearing system risk of discontinuance. 
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the global Notes will be conducted in accordance with 
the normal rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are under no obligation to perform or to continue to perform such procedures, 
and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. 
Secondary market sales of interests in the global Notes may be conducted in accordance with the normal 
rules and operating procedures of the domestic clearing system, or interests in the global Notes may be 
transferred to a direct or indirect participant of another clearing system in accordance with the standard

--- Page 54 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 54 - 
70-41040845 
 
arrangements for such cross-market transfers. None of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
Clearing System is under any obligation to perform or to continue to perform such procedures, and such 
procedures may be discontinued at any time. 
Any such discontinuance could have a material adverse effect on an investor's holding of Notes or his or 
her ability to resell the Notes in the secondary market. 
The Notes may be delisted, which may materially affect an investor's ability to resell. 
Any Notes that are listed on any listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system may be delisted. If 
any Notes are delisted, the Issuer is obliged to endeavour promptly to obtain an alternative listing. Although 
no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing on any listing authority, stock 
exchange or quotation system, delisting the Notes may have a material adverse effect on a Noteholder's 
ability to resell the Notes in the secondary market. 
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his or 
her account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in bearer 
form in respect of such holding (should such Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes in bearer form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
8. Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his or her Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he or she will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his or her holding. In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.

--- Page 55 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 55 - 
70-41040845 
 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or an issue of Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. In the event a rating assigned to the Notes and/or the Issuer is lowered for any reason, 
the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected, but no person or entity is obliged to provide any 
additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) NO. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") or (2) provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies 
as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation") or (2) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
If the status of a credit agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.

--- Page 56 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 56 - 
70-41040845 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes "forward-looking statements". All statements other than statements of 
historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer's 
financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-
looking statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such 
as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" 
and similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions. 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which 
may cause the actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results to be materially different 
from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not 
limited to, the following: 
• 
economic and financial market conditions, in particular, the Polish and European economies; 
• 
negative occurrences in the markets in which the Issuer's loan portfolio is concentrated; 
• 
negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
• 
volatility in interest rates; 
• 
a downgrade in the Polish Republic's or the Issuer's credit ratings; 
• 
operational risk; 
• 
credit and counterparty risk; 
• 
liquidity risk and adverse capital and credit market conditions; 
• 
the Issuer's inability to manage risks through derivatives; 
• 
the occurrence of catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events; 
• 
significant adverse regulatory developments; 
• 
an interruption, failure or breach of the Issuer's operational system including the Issuer's IT systems 
and other systems on which it depends; 
• 
the ineffectiveness of the Issuer's risk management policies and procedures; and 
• 
failure to deliver by third parties to which the Issuer has outsourced certain functions. 
The Issuer's risks are more specifically described under "Risk Factors". If one or more of these risks or 
uncertainties materialise, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, the Issuer's actual results, 
performance or achievements or industry results may be materially different from any future results, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's present and future business 
strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future. These forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus (or any supplement hereto) or as of such earlier 
date at which such statements are expressed to be given. The Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or 
undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein 
(or in any supplement) to reflect any change in the Issuer's expectations with regard thereto or any change 
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 57 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 57 - 
70-41040845 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are, where indicated, 
free translations into English from the original Polish language documents. To the extent that there are any 
inconsistencies between the originals and the translations, the originals shall prevail. The Issuer takes 
responsibility for such translations. The information set out in the table below shall be deemed to be 
incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the condensed interim consolidated financial statements of the Group for the nine months ended 
30 September 2022 prepared in accordance with IAS 34 'Interim Financial Reporting' as adopted 
by the European Union (the "Q3 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements"), which constitute a 
free translation from the Polish version into the English language and can be viewed online at: 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/wyniki-
finansowe/2022/consolidated-financial-report-of-mbank-sa-group-for-q3-2022.pdf: 
(a) 
condensed consolidated income statement (page 20); 
(b) 
condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 21); 
(c) 
condensed consolidated statement of financial position (page 22); 
(d) 
condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 23); 
(e) 
condensed consolidated statement of cash flows (page 24); and 
(f) 
explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements and selected explanatory 
information (pages 25 to 82). 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list 
above is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus; 
2. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union (the "2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements"), audited by Ernst & Young Audyt Polska spółka z ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnością sp. k. included in the consolidated annual report of the Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2021, which constitute a free translation from the Polish version into the 
English 
language 
and 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/relacje-
inwestorskie/raport-roczny/2021/mbank-group-consolidated-ifrs-financial-statements-2021.pdf: 
(a) 
consolidated income statement (page 5); 
(b) 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 6); 
(c) 
consolidated statement of financial position (page 7); 
(d) 
consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 8); 
(e) 
consolidated statement of cash flows (page 9); and 
(f) 
explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements (pages 10 to 177 inclusive). 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list 
above is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere 
in the Base Prospectus; 
3. 
the independent registered auditor's report on the audit of the 2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements (pages 1 to 12 inclusive), which constitutes a free translation from the Polish version 
into the English language and can be viewed online at: https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/relacje-
inwestorskie/raport-roczny/2021/mbank-independent-auditor-report-consolidated-2021.pdf; 
4. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union (the "2020 Consolidated

--- Page 58 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 58 - 
70-41040845 
 
Financial Statements"), audited by Ernst & Young Audyt Polska spółka z ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnością sp. k. included in the consolidated annual report of the Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2020, which constitute a free translation from the Polish version into the 
English 
language 
and 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/relacje-
inwestorskie/raport-roczny/2021/mbank-group-consolidated-financial-statements_ye_2020.pdf: 
(a) 
consolidated income statement (page 5); 
(b) 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 6); 
(c) 
consolidated statement of financial position (page 7); 
(d) 
consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 8); 
(e) 
consolidated statement of cash flows (page 9); and 
(f) 
explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements (pages 10 to 179 inclusive). 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list 
above is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere 
in the Base Prospectus; 
5. 
the independent registered auditor's report on the audit of the 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements, which constitutes a free translation from the Polish version into the English language 
and 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/relacje-inwestorskie/raport-
roczny/2021/ye20-mbank-independent-auditors-report-consolidated-e.pdf; 
6. 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 96 to 146 inclusive of the base prospectus 
relating to the Programme dated 25 August 2021 (the "2021 Conditions") and can be viewed 
online at: https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/ratingi-instrumenty-
dluzne/base-prospectus-25-august-2021-euro-medium-term-note-programme.pdf; 
7. 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 108 to 147 inclusive of the base 
prospectus relating to the Programme dated 28 March 2019 (the "2019 Conditions") and can be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/ratingi-
instrumenty-dluzne/prospekt-emisyjny-z-28-marca-2019-emtn.pdf; 
8. 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 114 to 138 inclusive of the base 
prospectus relating to the Programme dated 17 May 2018 (the "2018 Conditions") (can be viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/ratingi-instrumenty-
dluzne/prospekt-emisyjny-17-maja-2018.pdf) as amended by a first supplement dated 22 August 
2018 to the Base Prospectus dated 17 May 2018 (can be viewed online at 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/ratingi-instrumenty-
dluzne/suplement-do-prospektu-emisyjnego-z-dnia-17-maja-2018-22-sierpnia-2018.pdf); 
9. 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 114 to 140 inclusive of the base 
prospectus relating to the Programme dated 8 March 2017 (the "2017 Conditions") and can be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/ratingi-
instrumenty-dluzne/prospekt-emisyjny-8-marca-2017.pdf; 
10. 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 111 to 137 inclusive of the base 
prospectus relating to the Programme dated 23 March 2016 (the "2016 Conditions") and can be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/ratingi-
instrumenty-dluzne/prospekt-emisyjny-23-marca-2016.pdf;  
11. 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 108 to 134 inclusive of the base 
prospectus relating to the Programme dated 24 March 2015 (the "2015 Conditions") and can be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/ratingi-
instrumenty-dluzne/prospekt-emisyjny-24-marca-2015.pdf;

--- Page 59 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 59 - 
70-41040845 
 
12. 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 103 to 129 of the base prospectus relating 
to the Programme dated 14 March 2014 (the "2014 Conditions") and can be viewed online at 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/ratingi-instrumenty-
dluzne/prospekt-emisyjny-14-marca-2014.pdf;  
13. 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 81 to 106 of the base prospectus relating 
to the Programme dated 8 April 2013 (the "2013 Conditions") and can be viewed online at 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/ratingi-instrumenty-
dluzne/prospekt-emisyjny-8-kwietnia-2013.pdf; and 
14. 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 81 to 108 of the base prospectus relating 
to the Programme dated 12 April 2012 (the "2012 Conditions") and can be viewed online at 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/ratingi-instrumenty-
dluzne/prospekt-emisyjny-12-kwietnia-2012.pdf. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for the investor 
or covered in another part of the Base Prospectus. Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
If the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus itself incorporates any information or 
other documents therein, either expressly or implicitly, such information or other documents will not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in London and 
Luxembourg. The documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will also be available from 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
For at least ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus, a copy of any document containing the 
information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the Issuer's website at 
https://www.mbank.pl/en/investor-relations/financial-results/. For the avoidance of doubt, unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the Issuer's 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 60 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 60 - 
70-41040845 
 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes 
and which arises during the validity period specified below, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner that would make this Base Prospectus, 
as supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new Base Prospectus or supplement will be prepared. 
If, at any time following the publication of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer shall be required to prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer shall 
prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus as required by Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise), be deemed to modify statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified shall not, except as so 
modified, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes 
or material inaccuracies will not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. For this purpose, 
"valid" means valid for making admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the consent of the 
Issuer and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus is only required within its period of validity 
between the time when this Base Prospectus is approved and the time when trading on a regulated market 
begins, whichever occurs later.

--- Page 61 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 61 - 
70-41040845 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note 
(a "Temporary Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
"Permanent Global Note" and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a "Global Note") which, in 
either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that 
the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for definitive Notes of 
the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect 
any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event 
of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the Issuer 
has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced 
an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is 
available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)

--- Page 62 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 62 - 
70-41040845 
 
if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global 
Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 
days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and interest coupons 
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes): 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined herein), the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche 
of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point 
after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common 
code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche 
of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall 
not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act, "Regulation S") applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 (Event 
of Default). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global 
Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions and payment 
in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note, then the 
Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on the day immediately following such day. At 
the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to 
the terms of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated on or about 28 November 2022 and 
executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 63 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 63 - 
70-41040845 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
Form of Final Terms for an issue by mBank S.A. under the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme. 
(Option – Include if any stabilisation) 
[In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in these Final Terms 
may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a 
level higher than the price that might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. 
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.] 
(End of option) 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to, be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97]/[the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II")/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
 
1 
Legend to be included unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable".

--- Page 64 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 64 - 
70-41040845 
 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.].] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]2  
[Date] 
FINAL TERMS 
mBank S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 259400DZXF7UJKK2AY35 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis 
that any offer of Notes in any member state of the European Economic Area (each, a "Member State") 
will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that 
Member State of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any [Manager/Dealer] to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation or a 
supplement to a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any [Manager/Dealer] has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making 
of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
(Option A – The following legend applies if the first Tranche of the Series of Notes is issued under the 
current base prospectus) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 28 November 2022 [, as supplemented 
by the supplement(s) to it dated [•]] (the "Base Prospectus") issued in relation to the €3,000,000,000 Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme of mBank S.A. which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
2 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Bank to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 65 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 65 - 
70-41040845 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus (including 
any supplements thereto) in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of 
a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.] 
(Option B – The following legend applies if the first Tranche of the Series of Notes is issued under a 
previous base prospectus) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [[2021]/ [2019]/ [2018]/ 
[2017]/ [2016]/ [2015]/ [2014]/ [2013]/ [2012]] Conditions (the "Conditions") incorporated by reference 
in, and form part of the base prospectus dated 28 November 2022 [, as supplemented by the supplement(s) 
to it dated [•]] (the "Base Prospectus") issued in relation to the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of mBank S.A. which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from 
the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [•]]. Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and 
the Base Prospectus.] 
(End of options A and B) 
The Base Prospectus [and copies of the [[2021]/[2019]/[2018]/[2017]/[2016]/[2015]/[2014]/[2013]/[2012]] 
Conditions] [is/are] available for viewing at the investor relations section of the Issuer's website, 
[https://www.mbank.pl/en/investor-relations/ratings-debt-instruments/issue-programs.html], and at the 
offices of the Paying Agents specified in the Base Prospectus. Copies may, upon oral or written request, 
also be obtained from the Paying Agents. 
These Final Terms do not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation by 
anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it 
is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation; and no action is being taken to permit an offering of the Notes 
or the distribution of these Final Terms in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is specified for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs, 
save in respect of the items in Part B, which may be deleted in accordance with the relevant footnotes. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 21 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•]

--- Page 66 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 66 - 
70-41040845 
 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – [specify date]/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month]]  
(Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have a maturity of 
not less than five years or as otherwise permitted in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations 
in force at the relevant time.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[[•] month [EURIBOR/PRIBOR/ 
WIBOR/SONIA/SONIA Compounded Index/ 
SOFR/SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
+/- [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]/[17] below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed at par on 
the Maturity Date 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [14]/[15] applies and for the period from 
(and including) [date] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date, paragraph [14]/[15] applies][Not 
Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
Issuer Call pursuant to Condition 7.6 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [See paragraph 18 
below]

--- Page 67 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 67 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
 
Investor Put pursuant to Condition 7.7 (Redemption 
at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [See paragraph 19 
below] 
 
 
Issuer Call – Capital Disqualification Event 
pursuant to Condition 7.3 (Early Redemption due to 
Capital Disqualification Event) is [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
Issuer Call – MREL Disqualification Event 
pursuant to Condition 7.4 (Early Redemption due to 
MREL Disqualification Event) is [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior 
Notes–Ordinary 
Senior 
Notes/Senior 
Notes–MREL Senior Notes/Senior Notes–Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes/Subordinated Notes–Senior 
Subordinated Notes/Subordinated Notes–Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes] 
(a) 
Senior: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(i) 
Status: 
[Ordinary 
Senior 
Notes/MREL 
Senior 
Notes/Senior Non-Preferred Notes]  
(ii) 
Events of Default: 
[Condition 10.1 (Events of Default relating to 
Ordinary Senior Notes) applies / Condition 10.3 
(Events of Default relating to MREL Senior Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated 
Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) applies] 
(b) 
Subordinated: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(i) 
Status: 
[Senior Subordinated Notes/Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes]  
13.  
Date of [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[•] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular Tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date

--- Page 68 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 68 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form.) 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form.) 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
("Specified 
Period" 
and 
"Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates" are alternatives. A "Specified 
Period", rather than "Specified Interest Payment 
Dates", will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the Floating Rate Convention. 
Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[[•] 
shall 
be 
the 
Calculation 
Agent]/[Not 
Applicable] 3 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] 
[EURIBOR/PRIBOR/ 
WIBOR/SONIA/ SONIA Compounded Index/ 
SOFR/ SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
 
(ii) 
Observation Method:  
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
3 
Confirm with Agent whether it will act as Calculation Agent. See Clause 8.1(a) of the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 69 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 69 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
(iii) 
Lag Period:  
[5/[•] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London 
Banking 
Days/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5/[•] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days 
/Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
(v) 
D: 
[360/365/[•]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Index Determination – 
SONIA 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place:  
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in these Final 
Terms, this will be the fifth decimal place) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Number of 
London 
Banking 
Days:  
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in these Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
(vii) 
Index Determination – 
SOFR  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place:  
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in these Final 
Terms, this will be the fifth decimal place) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Number of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days:  
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in these Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
(viii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ (select where Interest Determination Date 
has the meaning specified in Condition 5.2(e), 
Condition 5.2(f), Condition 5.2(g), Condition 
5.2(h)) 
[•] 
[London 
Banking 
Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/TARGET 
Settlement Days] prior to each Interest Payment 
Date] 
(Second Prague business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if PRIBOR, second Warsaw 
business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if WIBOR, the second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR)  
 
(ix) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(x) 
Relevant Time 
[•]

--- Page 70 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 70 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
(xi) 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation:  
[Not Applicable / Condition 5.4(a) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation – Independent Adviser) applies/ 
Condition 5.4(b) (Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC) applies] 
 
If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SONIA" 
or 
"SONIA 
Compounded 
Index", 
Condition 5.4(a) 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
Independent 
Adviser) should be specified as applicable. 
 
If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SOFR" or "SOFR Compounded Index" for U.S. 
Dollars, Condition 5.4(b) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) should be 
specified as applicable.) 
 
 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(ii) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
(iv) 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(b)] above and as specified 
in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
(v) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Applicable Business Days]]

--- Page 71 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 71 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback: 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[•]/Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout: 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Applicable Business Days]] 
 
(vii) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift: 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]] 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(See Condition 5 for alternatives) 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 72 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 72 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] [Actual/365] 
17. 
Reset Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest:  
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] up to (and including) [•] 
 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment 
in accordance with paragraph 17(p)] 
 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 17(p)] 
 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 17(p)]] 
 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] [and [•]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with paragraph 17(p)] 
 
(j) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(k) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Reference Bond Rate / Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(n) 
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
(o) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(p) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Basis: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(q) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
(r) 
Reset Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year / The provisions in the Conditions 
apply] 
 
(s) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[•] 
 
(t) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(u) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•]

--- Page 73 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 73 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
(v) 
Determination Agent: 
[•] 
 
(w) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR/PRIBOR/ 
WIBOR/SONIA/ SONIA Compounded Index/ 
SOFR/ SOFR Compounded Index] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [60] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, 
as 
well 
as 
any 
other 
notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
or Put Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
(N.B When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, 
as 
well 
as 
any 
other 
notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
21. 
Capital 
Disqualification 
Event 
in 
respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount (Capital 
Disqualification Event): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Condition 7.3 not 
Applicable] 
22. 
MREL Disqualification Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 74 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 74 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount (MREL 
Disqualification Event): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Par], [[•] per Calculation Amount] 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purpose of calculating the amount of interest 
to which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made]/[No.] 
 
28. 
Waiver of Set-Off: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
29. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 75 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 75 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
SIGNED on behalf of mBank S.A.: 
 
 
 
By:  .....................................................................  
By:  ...................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 76 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 76 - 
70-41040845 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the [Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and admitted 
to trading on the [Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect from [•].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
and admitted to trading on the [Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect from 
[•].] 
 
[[The [name of original Series of Notes] issued on 
[date of issue of original Series of Notes] listed on 
the [Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] and were admitted to trading on the 
[Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] on [•].] (Include where documenting a 
fungible issue)  
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•]  
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated [•] by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and details 
of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[[•] is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). [As of the date of these Final Terms, [•] appears on the list of 
registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website www.esma.europa.eu]. [The rating [•] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ 
[[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 2 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[[•] is established in the EEA and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant competent authority/European 
Securities and Markets Authority]. [As of the date of these Final Terms, [•] appears on the list 
of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website www.esma.europa.eu]. [The rating [•]

--- Page 77 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 77 - 
70-41040845 
 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating 
it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[[•] is established in the EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [As of the date of 
these Final Terms, [•] appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA 
website www.esma.europa.eu.] [The rating [•] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which 
is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] [[•] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 – CRA established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and details 
of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the EEA 
or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
[[•] is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As of the date of these Final Terms, [•] 
appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the FCA website 
www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-ratingagencies/registered-certified-cras. [The rating [•] has 
given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by [•], which is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating 
it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
Option 5 – CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the UK 
CRA Regulation 
[[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by [•], which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")] [and] [[•], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018]].

--- Page 78 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 78 - 
70-41040845 
 
Option 6 – CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under 
the CRA Regulation (EU) or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation 
[[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK but is certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended [(the "EU CRA Regulation")] [and] [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]. 
Option 7 – CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
[[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in either the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business./[•]./Not Applicable.]] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be 
used by the Bank for general corporate purposes.]/ 
 
[An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of an issue 
of the Notes (being Green Bonds) will be used in 
accordance with the Group's Green Bond Framework 
(as defined and further described in the section of the 
Base 
Prospectus 
entitled 
"Green 
Bond 
Framework")]/ [•] 
 
(If reasons for offer different from what is disclosed 
in "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus, give 
detail) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]. 
(If applicable, include breakdown of expenses) 
(iv) 
Green Bond 
[Yes/Not Applicable]

--- Page 79 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 79 - 
70-41040845 
 
(A) Second Party Opinion 
Provider: 
[Sustainalytics B.V.]/[•] 
(B) Date of Second Party 
Opinion: 
[18 February 2022]/[•] 
5. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes/Reset Notes only)] 
Indication of yield: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[•], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) [or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/Not Applicable/[other]]. 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[•], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) [or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/Not Applicable//[other]]. 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable"). 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible

--- Page 80 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 80 - 
70-41040845 
 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra- 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
• 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
• 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[•] 
• 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[give names]] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[give name]] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(v) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
8. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Bank confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]

--- Page 81 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 81 - 
70-41040845 
 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in 
italics does not form part of the form of the Pricing Supplement but denotes directions for completing the 
Pricing Supplement. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE 
"PROSPECTUS REGULATION") FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW AND THE 
LUXEMBOURG COMMISSION DE SURVEILLANCE DU SECTEUR FINANCIER (IN ITS 
CAPACITY AS COMPETENT AUTHORITY UNDER THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION) HAS 
NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED INFORMATION RELATING TO THE NOTES 
DESCRIBED BELOW CONTAINED IN THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT. 
(Option – Include if any stabilisation) 
[In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in this Pricing 
Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than the price that might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action 
or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf 
of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.] 
(End of option)  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
[Directive (EU) 2016/97/the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been

--- Page 82 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 82 - 
70-41040845 
 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II")/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.].] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]5  
[Date] 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
mBank S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 259400DZXF7UJKK2AY35 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer or any [Manager/Dealer] to publish a prospectus or supplement to a 
prospectus pursuant the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
 
(Option A – The following legend applies if the first Tranche of the Series of Notes is issued under the 
current base prospectus) 
 
4 
Include these legends if the Notes are or may constituted "packaged" products and no key information document (KID) required 
by the PRIIPs Regulation and UK PRIIPs Regulation has been prepared. Omit if the Instruments clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products for the purposes of the PRIIPs Regulation and UK PRIIPs Regulation or a key information document (KID) 
has been prepared. 
5 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Bank to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 83 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 83 - 
70-41040845 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 28 November 2022 [, as supplemented 
by the supplement(s) to it dated [•]] (the "Base Prospectus") issued in relation to the €3,000,000,000 Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme of mBank S.A. which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus.] 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus (including any supplements thereto) in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of 
a combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus.] 
(Option B – The following legend applies if the first Tranche of the Series of Notes is issued under a 
previous base prospectus) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [[2021]/ [2019]/ [2018]/ 
[2017]/ [2016]/ [2015]/ [2014]/ [2013]/ [2012]] Conditions (the "Conditions") incorporated by reference 
in, and form part of the base prospectus dated 28 November 2022 [, as supplemented by the supplement(s) 
to it dated [•]] (the "Base Prospectus") issued in relation to the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of mBank S.A. which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus. This document constitutes the 
Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from 
the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [•]]. Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement 
and the Base Prospectus.] 
(End of options A and B) 
The Base Prospectus [and copies of the [[2021]/[2019]/[2018]/[2017]/[2016]/[2015]/[2014]/[2013]/[2012]] 
Conditions] [is/are] available for viewing at the investor relations section of the Issuer's website, 
[https://www.mbank.pl/en/investor-relations/ratings-debt-instruments/issue-programs.html], and at the 
offices of the Paying Agents specified in the Base Prospectus. Copies may, upon oral or written request, 
also be obtained from the Paying Agents. 
This Pricing Supplement does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom 
it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation; and no action is being taken to permit an offering of the 
Notes or the distribution of this Pricing Supplement in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is specified for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs, 
save in respect of the items in Part B, which may be deleted in accordance with the relevant footnotes. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 21 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•]

--- Page 84 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 84 - 
70-41040845 
 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
(Senior Non-Preferred Notes must have a 
minimum denomination of PLN 400,000 (or 
equivalent)) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed 
rate 
– 
[specify 
date]/ 
Floating rate – Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month]] 
(Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have a maturity 
of not less than five years or as otherwise 
permitted in accordance with Applicable Banking 
Regulations in force at the relevant time.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[[•] 
month 
[EURIBOR/ 
PRIBOR/ 
WIBOR/SONIA/SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/SOFR/SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
+/- [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[specify other] 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]/[17]/[•] below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed at par on 
[the Maturity Date]/[•] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) 
[date] paragraph [14]/[15] applies and for the 
period from (and including) [date] to (but

--- Page 85 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 85 - 
70-41040845 
 
excluding) the Maturity Date, paragraph [14]/[15] 
applies] [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
Issuer Call pursuant to Condition 7.6 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [See paragraph 18 
below] 
 
 
Investor 
Put 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
7.7 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
(Investor Put)) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [See paragraph 19 
below] 
 
 
Issuer Call – Capital Disqualification Event 
pursuant to Condition 7.3 (Early Redemption due 
to 
Capital 
Disqualification 
Event) 
is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Issuer Call – MREL Disqualification Event 
pursuant to Condition 7.4 (Early Redemption due 
to 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event) 
is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes-Ordinary Senior Notes/Senior 
Notes-MREL Senior Notes/Senior Notes–Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes/Subordinated Notes–Senior 
Subordinated Notes/Subordinated Notes–Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes] 
(a) 
Senior: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(i) 
Status: 
[Ordinary 
Senior 
Notes/MREL 
Senior 
Notes/Senior Non-Preferred Notes]  
(ii) 
Events of Default: 
[Condition 10.1 (Events of Default relating to 
Ordinary Senior Notes) applies / Condition 10.3 
(Events of Default relating to MREL Senior Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated 
Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) applies] 
(b) 
Subordinated: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(i) 
Status: 
[Senior Subordinated Notes/Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes]  
13. 
Date of [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[•] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
Tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 86 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 86 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
("Specified Period" and "Specified Interest 
Payment Dates" are alternatives. A "Specified 
Period", rather than "Specified Interest Payment 
Dates", will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the Floating Rate Convention. 
Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[[•] shall be the Calculation Agent]/[Not 
Applicable]6 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
6 
Confirm with Agent whether it will act as Calculation Agent. See Clause 8.1(a) of the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 87 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 87 - 
70-41040845 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] 
[EURIBOR/PRIBOR/ 
WIBOR/SONIA/ SONIA Compounded Index/ 
SOFR/ SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
(ii) 
Observation Method:  
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Lag Period:  
[5/[•] 
TARGET 
Settlement 
Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5/[•] 
TARGET 
Settlement 
Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
(v) 
D: 
[360/365/[•]] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Index Determination – 
SONIA 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Relevant Decimal 
Place:  
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in this Pricing 
Supplement, it will be the fifth decimal place) 
• 
Relevant Number 
of London 
Banking Days:  
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in this Pricing 
Supplement, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
(vii) 
Index Determination – 
SOFR  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Relevant Decimal 
Place:  
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in this Pricing 
Supplement, it will be the fifth decimal place) 
• 
Relevant Number 
of U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days:  
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in this Pricing 
Supplement, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
(viii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ (select where Interest Determination 
Date has the meaning specified in Condition 
5.2(e), Condition 5.2(f), Condition 5.2(g), 
Condition 5.2(h)) [•] [London Banking Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/TARGET 
Settlement Days] prior to each Interest Payment 
Date] 
(Second Prague business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if PRIBOR, second Warsaw 
business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if WIBOR, the second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR)  
(ix) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
(x) 
Relevant Time 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation:  
[Not Applicable / Condition 5.4(a) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation – Independent Adviser) applies/ 
Condition 5.4(b) (Benchmark Discontinuation –

--- Page 88 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 88 - 
70-41040845 
 
ARRC) applies] 
 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes 
is "SONIA" or "SONIA Compounded Index", 
Condition 5.4(a) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent 
Adviser) should be specified as applicable. 
 
If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes 
is "SOFR" or "SOFR Compounded Index" for 
U.S. Dollars, Condition 5.4(b) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) should be 
specified as applicable.) 
 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(ii) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where 
the Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
(iv) 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(b)] above and as specified 
in the ISDA Definitions] 
(v) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
• 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Applicable Business Days]] 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
• 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback: 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift:

--- Page 89 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 89 - 
70-41040845 
 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [[•]/Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout: 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Applicable Business Days]] 
(vii) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift: 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]] 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(See Condition 5 for alternatives) 
(m) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the Conditions: 
[•] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[•] 
 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] [Actual/365]

--- Page 90 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 90 - 
70-41040845 
 
17. 
Reset Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest:  
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on 
each Interest Payment Date] up to (and 
including) [•] 
 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to 
adjustment in accordance with paragraph 17(p)] 
 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 17(p)] 
 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 17(p)]] 
 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] [and [•]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with paragraph 17(p)] 
 
(j) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(k) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Reference Bond Rate / Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(n) 
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
(o) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(p) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Basis: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(q) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
 
(r) 
Reset Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year / The provisions in the 
Conditions apply] 
 
(s) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[•] 
 
(t) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 91 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 91 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
(u) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Determination Agent: 
[•] 
 
(w) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR/PRIBOR/WIBOR/SONIA/ SONIA 
Compounded Index/ SOFR/ SOFR Compounded 
Index] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [60] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the 
practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of five clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Agent) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) or 
Put Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
 
(N.B When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
21. 
Capital Disqualification Event in respect of 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 92 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 92 - 
70-41040845 
 
22. 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Capital Disqualification Event): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Condition 7.3 not 
Applicable] 
23. 
MREL Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
24. 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(MREL Disqualification Event): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
25. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Par], [[•] per Calculation Amount] 
26. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purpose of calculating the amount of 
interest to which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made]/[No.] 
30. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
31. 
Waiver of Set-Off: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
32. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
SIGNED on behalf of mBank S.A.: 
 
 
 
By:  .................................................................... 
By:  ...................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 93 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 93 - 
70-41040845 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be listed on [specify market – note this should not 
be a regulated market] with effect from [•].] [Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated [•] by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
Option 1 – CRA established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and details 
of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). [As of the date of this Pricing Supplement, [•] appears on the list 
of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website www.esma.europa.eu.] [The rating [•] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating 
it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the CRA Regulation but has applied 
for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is established in the EEA and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant competent authority/European 
Securities and Markets Authority]. [As of the date of this Pricing Supplement, [•] appears on the 
list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website www.esma.europa.eu.] [The rating 
[•] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation

--- Page 94 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 94 - 
70-41040845 
 
[•] is established in the EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [As of the date of 
this Pricing Supplement, [•] appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA 
website www.esma.europa.eu]. [The rating [•] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which 
is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[•] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and details 
of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the EEA 
or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
[•] is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As of the date of this Pricing 
Supplement, [•] appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the FCA website 
www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-ratingagencies/registered-certified-cras. [The rating [•] has 
given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by [•], which is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating 
it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
Option 5 – CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the UK 
CRA Regulation 
[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by [•], which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") [and] [[•], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018]]. 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under 
the CRA Regulation (EU) or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK but is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended [(the "EU CRA Regulation")] [and] [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018]. 
Option 7 – CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is

--- Page 95 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 95 - 
70-41040845 
 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in either the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE  
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business./[•]./Not Applicable.]] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be 
used by the Bank for general corporate purposes.]/ 
 
[An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of an issue 
of the Notes (being Green Bonds) will be used in 
accordance with the Group's Green Bond Framework 
(as defined and further described in the section of the 
Base 
Prospectus 
entitled 
"Green 
Bond 
Framework")]/ [•]  
 
 
(If reasons for offer different from what is disclosed 
in "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus, give 
detail) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses 
[•]/[Not Applicable]. 
(If applicable: include breakdown of expenses) 
(iv) 
Green Bond 
[Yes/Not Applicable] 
• 
Second Party Opinion 
Provider: 
[Sustainalytics B.V.]/[•] 
• 
Date of Second Party 
Opinion: 
[18 February 2022]/[•] 
5. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)] 
Indication of yield: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[•], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies

--- Page 96 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 96 - 
70-41040845 
 
(ANNA) [or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/Not Applicable/other]. 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[•], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) [or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/Not Applicable/other]. 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra- day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated:  
 
• 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
• 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[•]

--- Page 97 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 97 - 
70-41040845 
 
• 
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(v) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vii)  
Prohibition of sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 98 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 98 - 
70-41040845 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which (subject to completion by the applicable 
Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will be endorsed upon 
each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to 
any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following 
Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will be endorsed upon, or 
attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "applicable Final Terms" 
or "applicable Pricing Supplement"(in the case of Exempt Notes) for a description of the content of Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation 
to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by mBank S.A. (the "Issuer") pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination (as defined below) in the Specified Currency (as defined below); 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") 
dated on or about 28 November 2022 and made between the Issuer and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
as issuing and principal paying agent (the "Agent", which expression shall include any successor agent) 
and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
shall include any additional or successor paying agents). The Agent and the Paying Agents are together 
referred to as the "Agents". 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") or, if 
this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation (an "Exempt Note"), the final terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the 
Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the "applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise 
stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Any reference in the Conditions to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
Interest - bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons 
or Talons attached on issue. 
The applicable Final Terms will state in particular whether this Note is an Ordinary Senior Note (the 
"Ordinary Senior Note"), an MREL Senior Note (the "MREL Senior Note") or a Senior Non-Preferred 
Note (the "Senior Non-Preferred Note", together with the Ordinary Senior Note and the MREL Senior 
Notes, the "Senior Notes") or a Subordinated Note (the "Subordinated Note"), which may be, in turn, a

--- Page 99 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 99 - 
70-41040845 
 
Senior Subordinated Note (the "Senior Subordinated Note") or a Tier 2 Subordinated Note (the "Tier 2 
Subordinated Note"), each as more fully described in Condition 2 (Status of the Notes). 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms 
and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") 
dated on or about 28 November 2022 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held 
by the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear (as defined below) 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below) and by the Agent on behalf of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders at its specified office. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each Agent. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu), save that, if this Note is an Exempt Note, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and 
such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding 
of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries 
of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms, shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
Any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or other subsidiary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation as the 
same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, superseded or re-enacted. References herein 
to "Terms and Conditions" or "Conditions" are to these Conditions, or a correspondingly numbered 
provision hereof. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
(a) 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the "Specified Currency") and the denominations (the "Specified 
Denomination(s)"), specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
This Note may be an Ordinary Senior Note, an MREL Senior Note, a Senior Non-
Preferred Note, a Senior Subordinated Note or a Tier 2 Subordinated Note.

--- Page 100 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 100 - 
70-41040845 
 
(d) 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes, 
in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not 
applicable. 
(e) 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer 
and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any 
Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to 
the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
(f) 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg"), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is 
for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate 
or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer 
and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other 
than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such 
Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the 
Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
"Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(g) 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be. 
(h) 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Ordinary Senior Notes or MREL 
Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
2.1 
Status of the Ordinary Senior Notes and MREL Senior Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Ordinary Senior 
Notes or MREL Senior Notes in the applicable Final Terms constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 3 (Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provisions of law, upon 
the insolvency of the Issuer as set out in the Polish Act dated 28 February 2003 Insolvency Law, as 
may be amended from time to time (the "Insolvency Law")), such payment obligations rank: 
(a) 
in respect of principal: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities;  
(ii) 
senior to (A) accrued but unpaid interest on the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities 
as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure; (B) any liabilities of the 
Issuer falling into categories 4 to 10 (inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in 
accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law (including but not 
limited to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities); and (C) any other present and 
future obligations of the Issuer which rank junior to the Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities in accordance with the Insolvency Law; and

--- Page 101 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 101 - 
70-41040845 
 
(iii) 
junior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1, 2 and 3(a) to (c) 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law; and (B) any present and future obligations of the Issuer which 
rank senior to the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities in accordance with the 
Insolvency Law. 
(b) 
in respect of interest: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other interest on the Senior Higher 
Priority Liabilities;  
(ii) 
junior to: (A) obligations in respect of principal on the Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities; and (B) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 3 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law; and (C) any present and future obligations of the Issuer which 
rank senior to the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities in accordance with the 
Insolvency Law; but  
(iii) 
senior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 4(b) to 10 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law (including but not limited to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities); 
and (B) any other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank junior 
to the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities in accordance with the Insolvency Law. 
2.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Senior Non-
Preferred Notes in the applicable Final Terms constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory 
provision of law, upon the insolvency of the Issuer as set out in the Insolvency Law, such payment 
obligations rank: 
(a) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; 
(b) 
junior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 5 (inclusive) of the 
Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; and (B) 
any other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank senior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes in accordance with the Insolvency Law; and 
(c) 
senior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 7 to 10 (inclusive) of the 
Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; and (B) 
any other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank junior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities in accordance with the Insolvency Law.  
2.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Senior 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes in the applicable Final Terms on account 
of principal constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory 
provision of law upon the insolvency of the Issuer as set out in the Insolvency Law, such 
payment obligations rank: 
(i) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes constitute Senior Subordinated Liabilities of the Issuer: 
(A) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other claims in respect of 
Senior Subordinated Liabilities, and (ii) any other subordinated 
obligations which by law, rank pari passu with the Issuer's obligations 
under the relevant Subordinated Notes;

--- Page 102 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 102 - 
70-41040845 
 
(B) 
junior to (i) liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 6 (inclusive) 
of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law (including any Senior Higher Priority Liabilities and 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities), and (ii) any other obligations which by 
law, rank senior to the Issuer's obligations under the relevant 
Subordinated Notes; and 
(C) 
senior to: (i) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 8 to 10 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 
of the Insolvency Law; and (ii) any other obligations of the Issuer which, 
by law, rank junior to the obligations of the Issuer under the relevant 
Senior Subordinated Notes; and 
(ii) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes constitute Tier 2 Subordinated Notes of the Issuer: 
(A) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other subordinated 
obligations which, by law, rank pari passu with the Issuer's obligations 
under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; 
(B) 
junior to: (i) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 7 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 
of the Insolvency Law; (ii) any other present and future obligations of 
the Issuer which, in accordance with the Insolvency Law, rank senior to 
the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, and (iii) any other obligations which, by 
law, rank senior to the Issuer's obligations under the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes; and 
(C) 
senior to: (i) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 9 and 10 
of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law; (ii) any other present or future obligations of the Issuer 
which, in accordance with the Insolvency Law, rank lower than Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes and (iii) any other subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer which by law, rank junior to the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
2.4 
No Interest in Insolvency 
No interest shall accrue in respect of the Notes from the date of the declaration of insolvency of the 
Issuer. 
2.5 
MREL 
(a) 
To the extent allowed by the Applicable Banking Regulations, the MREL Senior Notes, 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Senior Subordinated Notes and the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes may be issued by the Issuer to satisfy the minimum requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities (the "MREL"). In such case, the applicable Final Terms 
shall comply with the requirements set out in the Applicable Banking Regulations.  
(b) 
The rights of holders of the MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes shall be subject to any present or future 
Polish laws or regulations relating to the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms in the Republic of Poland which are or will be applicable to such Notes 
only as a result of the operation of such laws or regulations. 
2.6 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy or resolution then in effect in the Republic of 
Poland including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the CRD Implementing

--- Page 103 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 103 - 
70-41040845 
 
Measures, the CRD Regulation, BRRD, the Creditor Hierarchy Directive, the BGF Act, the 
Insolvency Law and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy or resolution adopted by the BGF or other Competent Authority from time to time and 
then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and 
whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer);  
"BGF" means Bankowy Fundusz Gwarancyjny; 
"BGF Act" means a Polish Act of 10 June 2016 on bank guarantee fund, the deposit guarantee 
scheme and resolution (as amended from time to time); 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended 
or replaced from time to time, including, without limitation, as amended by the Creditor Hierarchy 
Directive and by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 20 May 2019 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; 
"Competent Authority" means the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (Komisja Nadzoru 
Finansowego) or any successor or replacement thereto having primary responsibility for the 
prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if 
applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer; 
"CRD" means any of, or any combination of, the CRD Directive, the CRR Regulation, and any 
CRD Implementing Measures; 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time, 
including, without limitation, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019; 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any rules implementing the CRD Directive or the CRR 
Regulation which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or 
implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national 
laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Competent Authority or any 
other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a stand-alone basis) or the Group 
(on a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital or the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities, as the case may be, of the Issuer (on a stand-alone basis) or the Group (on a 
consolidated basis); 
"CRR Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, 
as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time, including, without limitation, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019. 
"Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation that supersedes 
or replaces it; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the BGF, the Single Resolution Board (SRB) established 
pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the 
exercise of any bail-in tool from time to time; 
"Senior Higher Priority Liabilities" means any obligations in respect of principal of the Issuer 
under any Ordinary Senior Notes or MREL Senior Notes, any other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer referred to in Article 440.2.3(d) of the Insolvency Law and any other

--- Page 104 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 104 - 
70-41040845 
 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the same ranking in respect of the 
principal as the obligations of the Issuer under the Ordinary Senior Notes or MREL Senior Notes; 
"Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities" means any unsubordinated and unsecured senior non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer referred to in Article 108 paragraph 2 of the BRRD and referred 
to in Article 440.2.6 of the Insolvency Law (including any Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and any 
other obligations which, by law, rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; 
"Senior Subordinated Liabilities" means any subordinated obligation of the Issuer, referred to in 
Article 440.2.7 of the Insolvency Law and any other obligations which, by law, rank pari passu 
with the Senior Subordinated Liabilities; and 
"Tier 2 Subordinated Notes" means any subordinated obligations of the Issuer referred to in 
Article 440.2.8 of the Insolvency Law and any other obligations which, by law, rank pari passu 
with the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
3.1 
Negative Pledge 
This Condition 3 is applicable only in relation to the Ordinary Senior Notes. So long as any Ordinary 
Senior Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer will not create 
or have outstanding any Encumbrance upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant External 
Indebtedness unless (i) such Encumbrance or other arrangement is approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (which is defined in the Agency Agreement as a resolution duly passed by a majority of 
not less than three-fourths of the votes cast) of holders or (ii) all amounts payable by the Issuer under 
the Ordinary Senior Notes are secured either (A) by such Encumbrance equally and rateably with 
such Relevant External Indebtedness or (B) such other Encumbrance as is approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution; provided that the above provisions shall not apply to: (x) any 
Encumbrance created on property, at the time of purchase thereof, solely as security for the payment 
of the purchase price thereof and provided that the Relevant External Indebtedness thereby secured 
does not exceed the purchase price thereof; or (y) any Encumbrance on or with respect to the assets, 
receivables, remittances or other payment rights of the Issuer which is created pursuant to any 
securitisation or like arrangement in accordance with normal market practice and whereby the 
principal amount of the Relevant External Indebtedness secured by such Encumbrance is 
substantially limited to the proceeds received by the Issuer in exchange for the sale, assignment, 
pledge or other transfer of such assets, receivables, remittances or other payment rights. 
3.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Encumbrance" means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment, hypothecation, security 
interest, title retention, preferential right or trust arrangement and any other security agreement or 
arrangement; 
"Relevant External Indebtedness" means any Relevant Indebtedness which is payable in or by 
reference to a currency which is not the lawful currency for the time being of Poland; and 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means: (A) any obligation with a maturity greater than one year for the 
payment of borrowed money which is in the form of, represented or evidenced by a note, bond, 
debenture or other security or a similar instrument, which is, or is capable of, being quoted, listed, 
dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other recognised securities market; or (B) any present or 
future guarantee or indemnity in respect of any of the foregoing. 
4. 
WAIVER OF SET-OFF 
In the case of any MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes and 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, no Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes or Coupons. If, 
notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Noteholder receives or recovers any sum or the benefit

--- Page 105 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 105 - 
70-41040845 
 
of any sum in respect of any Note or related Coupon by virtue of any such set-off or counterclaim, 
it shall hold the same on trust for the Issuer and shall pay the amount thereof to the Issuer or, in the 
event of the winding up of the Issuer, to the liquidator of the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide, or shall be construed 
as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim 
or that any such right is or would be available to any Noteholder of any Note but for this Condition. 
5. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate 
Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or Reset Notes. 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(a) 
This Condition 5.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 5.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the 
Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the 
Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the 
Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination Date. 
(b) 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
(c) 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
(d) 
As used in these Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
(e) 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated 
in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(f) 
In these Conditions: 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, 
in accordance with this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 106 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 106 - 
70-41040845 
 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 
30-day months) divided by 360;  
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination 
Date to but excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the 
Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a 
Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, 
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, 
with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 5.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 5.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating 
Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any 
Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to 
the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the 
Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where 
ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also 
specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen 
Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. In these 
Conditions, "Calculation Agent" means the party responsible for calculating the amount of interest 
due as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Agent, as applicable.

--- Page 107 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 107 - 
70-41040845 
 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
(i) 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified 
Interest Payment Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the 
number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these 
Conditions, "Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date. 
(iii) 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) 
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(a)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such 
Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day 
that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (b)(2) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (1) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional 
Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated

--- Page 108 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 108 - 
70-41040845 
 
Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) System is 
open; and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other 
than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the "TARGET 2 
System" is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes (the "Rate 
of Interest") will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(c) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be for each Interest Period the relevant ISDA Rate (subject to Condition 5.4 
(Benchmark Discontinuation)) plus or minus (as specified in the Final Terms) the Relevant 
Margin (if any) where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest 
rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 
ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then 
the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and 
by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent

--- Page 109 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 109 - 
70-41040845 
 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines appropriate; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, Compounding is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as 
the Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Compounding 
with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, Averaging is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout 
is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, 
if applicable, are the days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option 
and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift

--- Page 110 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 110 - 
70-41040845 
 
shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date;  
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate"; 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 7(d) shall have 
the meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions; and  
(v) 
In these Conditions: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA 
(copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); and 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including 
each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(www.isda.org);  
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (unless the Reference Rate is SONIA 
or SOFR or any related index) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined (the "Rate of Interest") the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which 
SONIA or SOFR or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:  
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by

--- Page 111 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 111 - 
70-41040845 
 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; and 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (iii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes 
in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is SONIA 
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(e): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
D
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
D
𝑑
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 112 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 112 - 
70-41040845 
 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on 
and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, 
the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the applicable Final Terms or if 
no such period is specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is 
published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for:

--- Page 113 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 113 - 
70-41040845 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any 
London Banking Day.  The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a 
non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference 
Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 5.4(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation 
(Independent Adviser)), be:  
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; and 
(b) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only 
of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the latest determined rate under 
(A). 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)), 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 5.2(e), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable 
to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable 
to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is SONIA 
Compounded Index 
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and "Index Determination - 
SONIA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 114 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 114 - 
70-41040845 
 
(ii) 
Where "Index Determination - SONIA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1)  X 365
𝑑 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), 
all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
SONIA Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on 
which the SONIA Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition 
or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Period); 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place, rounded up or down, if necessary (with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards);  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless 
otherwise specified shall be five; 
"SONIA Compounded Index End" means the SONIA Compounded Index 
value on the End date; 
"SONIA Compounded Index Start" means the SONIA Compounded Index 
value on the Start date; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate 
as published at 10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a 
successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive 
Statistical Database, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
(iii) 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the 
SONIA Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if 
"Index Determination – SONIA" was not specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and as if Compounded Daily SONIA (as defined in Condition 5.2(e)(iii)) had been 
specified instead in the applicable Final Terms, and "Observation Shift" had been 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, and where the 
Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 5.2(e)(iii) shall 
be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and where the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of 
SONIA, the provisions of Condition 5.4(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser) shall apply. 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is SOFR 
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in

--- Page 115 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 115 - 
70-41040845 
 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(g): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average 
of daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 5.2(g). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday.  
For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate 
for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes 
one or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will 
be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded 
SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant 
SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions under Condition 5.4(b) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) will apply.  
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 𝐷
𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in:

--- Page 116 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 116 - 
70-41040845 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such 
period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the applicable 
Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(b) (Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) 
below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling

--- Page 117 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 117 - 
70-41040845 
 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is SOFR 
Compounded Index 
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and "Index Determination - 
SOFR" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Where "Index Determination - SOFR" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be SOFR 
Compounded Index for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1)  X 360
𝑑 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), 
all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
SOFR Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant SOFR Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place, rounded up or down, if necessary (with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards);  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless 
otherwise specified shall be five; 
"SOFR Compounded Index End" means the SOFR Compounded Index 
value on the End date; 
"SOFR Compounded Index Start" means the SOFR Compounded Index 
value on the Start date; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as 
published at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and

--- Page 118 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 118 - 
70-41040845 
 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
(iii) 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the 
SOFR Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if 
"Index Determination – SOFR" was not specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and as if Compounded SOFR (as defined in Condition 5.2(g)) had been specified 
instead in the applicable Final Terms, and "Observation Shift" had been specified 
as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, and where the 
Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 5.2(g) shall be 
deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred in respect of SOFR, the 
provisions of Condition 5.4(b) (Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) apply. 
(i) 
Interest – Reset Note Provisions 
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(i) is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset Note Provisions 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable.  
(ii) 
Such Notes shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes:  
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the 
rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest;  
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to 
the First Reset Rate of Interest; and  
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per 
annum equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest,  
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (subject to adjustment as described in 
Condition 5.2(a) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Interest Payment Dates")) 
and on the Maturity Date, as applicable. The Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the 
case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the 
Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts 
of interest in Condition 5.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). 
(iii) 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or 
the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 12.00 p.m. in the Relevant 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in 
question. 
(iv) 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the 
sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as

--- Page 119 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 119 - 
70-41040845 
 
provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be 
determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the 
case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall 
be the Initial Rate of Interest (though substituting, where a different Relevant 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Margin relating to the relevant Reset 
Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating to that last preceding Reset 
Period). 
(vi) 
If Reset Reference Rate Conversion is so specified as being applicable, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
will be converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Basis specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to a basis which matches the per annum frequency of 
Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes (such calculation to be 
determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution 
selected by it). 
(vii) 
If Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms, "Floating 
Rate Convention", "Following Business Day Convention", "Modified Following 
Business Day Convention" and "Preceding Business Day Convention" shall have 
the meanings ascribed to them in Condition 5.2(a) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Interest Payment Dates"). 
(viii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(i): 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset 
Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset 
Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date or date of any 
final redemption; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and 
subject to this Condition 5.2(i), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Margin; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) 
has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant 
Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
floating rate payments in the Specified Currency); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate;

--- Page 120 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 120 - 
70-41040845 
 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the rate as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and 
subject to this Condition 5.2(i), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
rate for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii)  
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations 
for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately 
11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Original Reset Reference Rate Basis" has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
"Rate of Interest" means in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of 
Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, as applicable; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none, four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most 
closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer 
on the advice of an investment bank of international repute; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination 
Date 
 
the arithmetic average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset 
Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or  
 
if fewer than five such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations are received, the arithmetic average (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reset Period, the rate per 
annum equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reset Reference Bond, assuming a price for 
the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) 
equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if only one Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received or if no Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received in respect of the 
determination of the Reference Bond Price, the Rate of Interest shall not be 
determined by reference to the Reference Bond Rate and the Rate of Interest

--- Page 121 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 121 - 
70-41040845 
 
shall instead be, in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate 
of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date (though substituting, where a 
different Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Margin 
relating to the relevant Reset Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating 
to that last preceding Reset Period); 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to 
any Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, 
the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid 
and offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination Time and 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer; 
"Relevant Margin" means the First Margin and/or the Subsequent Margin(s), 
as the case may be, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each 
Subsequent Reset Date (as applicable), in each case as adjusted (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 5 as if 
the relevant Reset Date was an Interest Payment Date; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the 
second Business Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first 
Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset 
Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second 
Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period, or 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Time" means in relation to a Reset Determination 
Date, 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date or such other time as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Note" means a Note on which interest is calculated at reset rates 
payable in arrear on a fixed date or dates in each year and/or at intervals of 
one, two, three, six or 12 months or at such other date or intervals as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms); 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, 
as the case may be; 
"Reset Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security 
or securities issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall deemed 
to be Germany) agreed between the Issuer and the Determination Agent as 
having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer, after consultation 
with the Determination Agent) would be utilised, at the time of selection and 
in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
maturity comparable to the relevant Reset Period; 
"Reset Reference Rate" means either (i) the Mid-Swap Rate, or (ii) the 
Reference Bond Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 122 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 122 - 
70-41040845 
 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the 
Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and 
each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or, if no further 
Subsequent Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date or date of any final redemption; and 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent 
Reset Period and subject to this Condition 5.2(i), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin. 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
(i) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(ii) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) is 
greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero.  
(k) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period. 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global 
Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect 
of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the

--- Page 123 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 123 - 
70-41040845 
 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. 
(iii) 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest in accordance with this Condition 5.2: 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case 
of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where:

--- Page 124 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 124 - 
70-41040845 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(G) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(l) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or 
Reset Notes (as applicable) are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of 
each Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable)) and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Agents) as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable). Any such amendment

--- Page 125 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 125 - 
70-41040845 
 
will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes (as applicable) are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Agents). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
"London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(m) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained, for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5.2, by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Agents). 
5.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(a) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
This Condition 5.4(a) apply to all Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify this 
Condition 5.4(a) as being applicable. Notwithstanding the provisions above in this 
Condition 5, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate the following provisions of this Condition 5.4(a) shall apply. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and any Benchmark Amendments no 
later than three business days in the specified office of the Calculation Agent prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) applicable to the Notes (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 5.4(a)). 
(ii) 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.4(a) shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and (in the absence of fraud) 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Agent 
or the Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to 
the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to 
this Condition 5.4(a). 
(iii) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer 
is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the Issuer, in each case acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that:

--- Page 126 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 126 - 
70-41040845 
 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in this Condition 5.4(a)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.4(a) 
in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate); 
or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in this 
Condition 5.4(a)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 5.4(a) in the event of a further 
Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate),  
provided, however, that if the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5.4(a) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable), the Reference Rate applicable to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable). If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference 
Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period or the 
first Reset Period (as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment 
pursuant to this Condition 5.4(a) shall apply only to the relevant Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable). Any subsequent Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) may be subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 5.4(a)). Where a different Margin and/or Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin and/or Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) shall be substituted in place of the Margin and/or 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable)). For the avoidance of doubt, 
the proviso in this Condition 5.4(c)(iii) shall apply to the immediately 
following Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) only. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer 
is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the Issuer, in each case acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (A) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable). If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser, or (if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the Issuer, 
in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is 
unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(v) 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5.4 and the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer is

--- Page 127 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 127 - 
70-41040845 
 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the Issuer, in each case acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments 
to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified 
in such notice. 
(vi) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.4(a) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and 
the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will, in the absence 
of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
(viii) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 5.4(a)(i), 
5.4(a)(ii), 5.4(a)(iii) and 5.4(a)(iv), the Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in the Conditions above, as the case may be, will continue to apply 
unless and until (1) a Benchmark Event occurs and an Independent Adviser is 
appointed and (2) either a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, and 
any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments are determined, in each 
case pursuant to this Condition 5.4(a). 
(ix) 
As used in these Conditions: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in 
either case, which is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate), the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is customarily 
applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or 
 
(where neither (i) above nor (ii) applies), the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser, and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be);

--- Page 128 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 128 - 
70-41040845 
 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Issuer determines in accordance with these Conditions has replaced the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for the same interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Issuer determines that there 
is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer determines in accordance with 
these Conditions is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the 
Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be 
calculated or administered; or 
 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or will, by a specified 
future date, cease publishing the Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the Notes, in each case by a 
specified future date; or 
 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, in the view of 
such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is or will, by a 
specified future date, be no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or 
 
it has or will, by a specified future date within the following six 
months, become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or 
any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including without 
limitation, under the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable and including because of 
the withdrawal of the authorisation or registration of the relevant 
benchmark administrator). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark 
Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv), or (v) above 
and the specified future date in the public statement is more than six months 
after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be 
deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such specified future 
date; 
 "EU Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds, as amended;

--- Page 129 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 129 - 
70-41040845 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate 
expertise appointed by the Issuer; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate referenced in the applicable Final Terms 
of Reset Notes) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component 
part(s) thereof) on the Notes provided that if, following one or more 
Benchmark Events, such originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (or 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been 
replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a 
Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall include any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate; 
"Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate in respect of Reset Notes) used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) on the Notes provided that if, 
following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally-specified 
benchmark or screen rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which 
has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term "Reference Rate" shall 
include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable): 
 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any such 
similar institution for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any other central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); 
or 
 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by, or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, 
reserve bank, monetary authority or any such similar institution 
for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, (d) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof, or (e) the 
European Commission or any part thereof;  
"Relevant Regulator" means the BGF or such other authority tasked with 
matters relating to the qualification of securities of the Issuer, as the case may 
be, under the applicable MREL regulations;  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate 
(and related alternative screen page or source if available) which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; and 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
(b) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC

--- Page 130 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 130 - 
70-41040845 
 
(i) 
This Condition 5.4(b) shall apply to all Notes where the applicable Final Terms 
specify this Condition 5.4(b) as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5, if the Issuer determines 
on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations 
on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection 
with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the 
right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
(iii) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to this Condition 5.4(b), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate 
or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance 
or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(A) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(B) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(C) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating 
to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of 
the Notes or any other party. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.4(b): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined 
in Condition 5.2(g)(iii) above, provided that if the Issuer determines on or 
prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded 
SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the 
then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
 
the sum of (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
 
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
 
the sum of (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest 
as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the

--- Page 131 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 131 - 
70-41040845 
 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or 
 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates 
and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement 
exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably 
necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or 
 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will 
be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component);

--- Page 132 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 132 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark 
(or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment, (which may be 
a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for 
the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination 
Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time 
determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement" 
means 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined 
under this Condition 5.4(b) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent, the Agent and the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Calculation Agent and the Agent of the same, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Calculation Agent and the Agent a certificate signed by 
two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.4(b); 
and

--- Page 133 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 133 - 
70-41040845 
 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark 
Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Additional Provisions 
(i) 
This Condition 5.4(c) applies to all Notes where the applicable Final Terms 
specify Condition 5.4(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser) or 
Condition 5.4(b) (Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.4(c): 
(A) 
no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread or Benchmark 
Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (as applicable) 
will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and 
conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect any Benchmark 
Amendments or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as 
applicable), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, 
the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of 
the relevant Series of Ordinary Senior Notes, MREL Senior Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the relevant Series of Senior Subordinated 
Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes as "eligible liabilities" (or any 
equivalent or successor term) which are available to count towards the 
Issuer's and/or the Group's eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity; 
(B) 
in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes, MREL Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment 
Spread or Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to 
the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 5.4(c), if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating an 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity date of the Notes; and 
(C) 
in connection with any variation or amendment in accordance with this 
Condition 5.4(c), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
6.2 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations

--- Page 134 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 134 - 
70-41040845 
 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.3 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of payment) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
"United States" (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 
(Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 8 (Taxation)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would 
otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be 
made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate 
Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the 
Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date 
is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Note. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear, or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, or Clearstream,

--- Page 135 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 135 - 
70-41040845 
 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his or her share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or 
to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, on a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET 2 System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7 (Redemption and Purchase); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;

--- Page 136 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 136 - 
70-41040845 
 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
7.5 (Restrictions on early redemption)); and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
8 (Taxation). 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which shall be at least 
equal to the Nominal Amount of each Note) specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a maturity as permitted in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
(c) 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have a maturity of not less than five years or as otherwise 
permitted in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Agents), the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(a) 
in the case of any Notes which are not Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Poland or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a 
court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after an agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation); and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; or 
(b) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes, the Issuer is no 
longer entitled to claim a deduction in respect of any payments in computing its taxation 
liabilities or the value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced or the 
applicable tax treatment of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes 
changes; or 
(c) 
in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, there is a change in the applicable tax treatment 
of the instruments and the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that such change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue 
Date,

--- Page 137 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 137 - 
70-41040845 
 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such 
other period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the Interest 
Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then 
due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders: (A) a certificate 
signed by the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred; (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment; and (C) in the case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Senior 
Subordinated Notes or the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, if required under Applicable Banking 
Regulations, a copy of the Competent Authority's (and in particular, in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and MREL Senior Notes, the Resolution Authority's) consent to the redemption. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 7.2, the Issuer shall be bound 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 7.2. 
7.3 
Early Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event 
If, in respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, a Capital Disqualification Event occurs as a result 
of a change (or any pending change which the Competent Authority considers sufficiently certain) 
in Polish law, the law of any other relevant jurisdiction or Applicable Banking Regulations 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer may, at its option and having given not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 
(Agents), the Noteholders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), elect to redeem in accordance with these Conditions all, 
but not some only, of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition 7.3 is a notice given by the Issuer to the Agent 
and the Noteholders, which notice shall be signed by the Issuer and shall specify: 
(a) 
that a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing; 
(b) 
that the Issuer has obtained the prior written consent of the Competent Authority, provided 
that at the relevant time such consent is required to be given; and 
(c) 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
after the date on which such notice is validly given. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.3 will be redeemed at their early 
redemption amount (the "Early Redemption Amount (Capital Disqualification Event)") (which 
shall be their principal amount or such other Early Redemption Amount (Capital Disqualification 
Event) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons pursuant to this Condition 7.3 is 
subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable 
Banking Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations 
in force at the relevant time.

--- Page 138 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 138 - 
70-41040845 
 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Capital Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with 
the Competent Authority, that as a result of a change in Polish law or Applicable Banking 
Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date (including as a result of the implementation or applicability in Poland of 
CRD on or after the Issue Date) which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at 
the Issue Date of such Series, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes is fully excluded or partially excluded from inclusion in the Tier 2 Subordinated Capital of 
the Issuer or the Group; and 
"Tier 2 Subordinated Capital" means Tier 2 Subordinated Capital as provided under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
7.4 
Early Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event 
If, in the case of Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and MREL Senior Notes 
following the MREL Requirement Date, an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is 
continuing, then the Issuer may, at its option and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Agents), the Noteholders of the 
relevant Notes (as applicable) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for 
redemption), elect to redeem in accordance with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the 
relevant Notes (as applicable). Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the relevant 
Notes (as applicable). 
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition is a notice given by the Issuer to the Agent and 
the Noteholders, which notice shall be signed by the Issuer and shall specify: 
(a) 
that an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing; 
(b) 
that the Issuer has obtained the prior written consent of the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
provided that at the relevant time such consent is required to be given; and 
(c) 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
after the date on which such notice is validly given. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. 
Any refusal by the Relevant Resolution Authority to grant its approval as described above will not 
constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.5 will be redeemed at their early redemption amount 
(the "Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event)") (which shall be their 
principal amount or such other Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event) as may 
be specified in or determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms ) together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and MREL Senior Notes for 
regulatory reasons pursuant to this Condition 7.5 will be subject to the prior consent of the 
Competent Authority (and in particular, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and MREL 
Senior Notes, the Resolution Authority). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies then in effect in Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction giving effect to 
MREL or any successor principles then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the BRRD and those regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to MREL or any successor principles then in 
effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether 
or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group);

--- Page 139 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 139 - 
70-41040845 
 
"MREL" means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for credit 
institutions under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD (as transposed in 
Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 
23 May 2016, supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
with regard to regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for 
setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, or any successor 
requirement under the EU legislation and relevant implementing legislation and regulation in 
Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means in respect of the Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and MREL Senior Notes, the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of any 
amendment to, or change in, or replacement of, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in 
any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the relevant Series of the Notes, the 
whole or any part of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of such Series at any time is not 
included in, ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority) will cease 
to count towards, the Issuer's or the Group's eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing capacity (in 
each case for the purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations 
and provided that such change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of 
such Series); provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur if such whole or part 
of the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes is not included in, ceases or (in 
the opinion of the Issuer) will cease to count towards, such eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing 
capacity due to: (a) the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than the minimum period 
prescribed by the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations; or (b) any applicable limits on the 
amount of "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet 
any MREL requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group being exceeded; 
"MREL Requirement Date" means the time from which the Issuer and/or the Group is obliged 
to meet any MREL Requirements; and 
"MREL Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group under the Applicable MREL Regulations. 
7.5 
Restrictions on early redemption 
(a) 
The Issuer may redeem in accordance with the terms of these Conditions (and give notice 
thereof to the Noteholders) MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only if such redemption is in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and, to the extent required, it has 
been granted the approval of or permission from (in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) 
the Competent Authority or (in the case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority and: 
(i) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of any Notes, the 
Issuer replaces such Notes with own funds instruments (or, in the case of MREL 
Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes, eligible 
liabilities instruments) of an equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority (in the 
case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or the Relevant Resolution Authority (in the 
case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated 
Notes) that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption 
or repurchase, exceed the requirements (in the case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes, for own funds and eligible 
liabilities) under CRD and BRRD by a margin that (in the case of MREL Senior 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes) the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, or (in the case 
of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority, considers necessary; or

--- Page 140 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 140 - 
70-41040845 
 
(iii) 
in the case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Subordinated Notes only, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Resolution Authority that the partial or full replacement of the eligible 
liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the 
own funds requirements laid down in the CRD for continuing authorisation; and 
(iv) 
in the case of redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes before five years after the 
Issue Date of the last Tranche of such Series of Notes if the conditions listed in 
paragraphs (i) or (ii) above and one of the following conditions are met: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event, (i) the Competent Authority considers such 
change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Capital Disqualification 
Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the 
Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a taxation reason, the 
Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that 
the change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes of 
the relevant Series; 
(C) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of the 
relevant Notes, the Issuer replaces the Notes with own funds instruments 
of an equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity and the Competent Authority has permitted that action on the 
basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential 
point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Notes are repurchased for market-making purposes. 
Any refusal by (in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in 
the case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated 
Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority to grant its approval or permission as described 
above will not constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
In these Conditions, "Relevant Resolution Authority" means the BGF or any successor 
to or replacement for the BGF and/or any resolution authority with the ability to exercise 
any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group or with 
primary responsibility for the oversight and supervision of the Issuer's and/or the Group's 
eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing capacity from time to time. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 7.6 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at 
the option of the Issuer (other than where Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) applies), such 
option being referred to as an "Issuer Call". The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 7.6 for full 
information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional 
Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of 
Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Agents) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not part) of the 
relevant Series of Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.

--- Page 141 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 141 - 
70-41040845 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and MREL Senior Notes, redemption 
at the option of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7.6 will be subject to the prior consent of the 
Competent Authority (and in particular, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and MREL Senior 
Notes, the Relevant Resolution Authority) if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking 
Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force 
at the relevant time. 
7.7 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 7.7 applies to Ordinary Senior Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the 
Maturity Date at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an "Investor Put". 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 7.7 for full information on any Investor Put. In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption 
Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If, in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes, Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Agents) not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem 
such Ordinary Senior Note on the Optional Redemption Date or within the time period(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the "Put Period(s)") (in the case of a Put Period such notice shall 
specify an Optional Redemption Date for the Notes) and at the Optional Redemption Amount 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is 
in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or (a "Put Notice") and in 
which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition, 
and the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent 
concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its 
control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice 
being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any common depositary 
or common safekeeper, as the case may be, or by them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.7 shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and, in which 
event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 7.7 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant 
to Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
7.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of Default), 
each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first 
Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series, at

--- Page 142 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 142 - 
70-41040845 
 
the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"Y" is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number 
of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
7.9 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 7.5 (Restrictions on Early Redemption), the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the 
Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market 
or otherwise. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries, 
if and to the extent permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time and if the 
Notes to be purchased: (a) comply with any applicable threshold as may be requested or required by 
the Competent Authority from time to time; and (b) are purchased in order to be surrendered to any 
Paying Agent for cancellation. 
Any refusal by the Competent Authority to grant its approval or permission as described above will 
not constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Notes. 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased for cancellation will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes 
so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.7 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 7.3 
(Early Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event) or 7.4 (Early Redemption due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 10 
(Event of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.8(c) as though 
the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon 
Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of:

--- Page 143 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 143 - 
70-41040845 
 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Agents). 
8. 
TAXATION 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes (whether in respect of interest or, in the case of Ordinary 
Senior Notes only, principal, redemption amount or otherwise) by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties or 
charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or 
Coupons after such withholding or deduction in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes, or interest only, 
in the case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 
2 Subordinated Notes, as would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, 
as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
held by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
(b) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon is presented or surrendered for payment more than 30 
days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such 
Note or Coupon or payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(c) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder or any official interpretations 
thereof. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means Poland or any other jurisdiction, or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Agents). 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are 
made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.3 
(Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 6.3 (Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
10.1 
Events of Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes 
This Condition 10.1 is applicable in relation to Ordinary Senior Notes only.

--- Page 144 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 144 - 
70-41040845 
 
The following events or circumstances (each an "Event of Default") shall be events of default in 
relation to the Ordinary Senior Notes of any Series, namely: 
(a) 
Non-payment 
The Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest or principal due in respect of the Ordinary 
Senior Notes of the relevant Series or any of them on the due date for payment thereof and 
such default continues for a period of five days on which banks are open for business in 
Poland; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
If the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other material obligations under these 
Conditions in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes of the relevant Series or the Agency 
Agreement and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no 
continuation or notice as hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for 
the period of 30 days next following the service by any holder of the Ordinary Senior 
Notes on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
Cross Default 
If any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes due 
and repayable prematurely by reason of any event of default (however described) or the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any 
Relevant Indebtedness on the due date thereof as extended by any applicable grace period 
or any security given by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries for any Relevant 
Indebtedness becomes enforceable or if default is made by the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by 
it in relation to any Relevant Indebtedness of any other person, provided that no such 
event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the Relevant Indebtedness or other 
relative liability either alone or when aggregated with other Relevant Indebtedness and/or 
other liabilities relative to all (if any) other such event which shall have occurred and be 
continuing shall amount to at least €10,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency; or 
(d) 
Dissolution 
If any order is made by any competent court or a resolution is passed for the dissolution 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or 
(e) 
Cessation of Business 
If the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (i) ceases or announces an intention to 
cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business (save for the purposes of a 
reorganisation of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole on terms approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the holders) or (ii) stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is 
unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, 
or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law; 
or 
(f) 
Insolvency/Winding-up 
If (i) the Issuer is insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or 
threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type of) 
its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with 
or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium 
is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) 
the debts of the Issuer; (ii) proceedings are initiated against any of the Issuer's Material 
Subsidiaries under any applicable bankruptcy, restructuring, liquidation, insolvency or 
composition laws or a receiver or manager under or in respect of any such law is appointed 
in relation to any of the Issuer's Material Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to 
the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or any encumbrance takes 
possession of the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress,

--- Page 145 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 145 - 
70-41040845 
 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or 
put in force against the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, and 
(iii) in any case is not discharged within 21 days; or if any of the Issuer's Material 
Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial or other proceedings relating to itself under 
any applicable bankruptcy, restructuring, liquidation, insolvency or composition laws or 
makes a transfer of title or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or 
other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) in relation to 
any such law or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or 
composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) under any above law; 
or 
(g) 
Withdrawal of Banking Licence 
If the banking operations of the Issuer are suspended or the Issuer's banking licence is 
withdrawn pursuant to applicable Polish banking law. 
10.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Auditors" means the auditors from time to time of the Issuer, as the context may require, or, in 
the event of any of them being unable or unwilling to carry out any actions requested from them 
pursuant to these Conditions, means any other firm of certified accountants of international 
standing or repute in Poland nominated by the Issuer; 
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer: (a) whose gross profits (consolidated 
in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in the 
case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 15 per cent. of the 
consolidated gross profits of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets, of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the then 
latest audited accounts (consolidated, or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and 
the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; or (b) to which is 
transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, all as more 
particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. A certificate by the Management Board of the Issuer 
confirming that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not or was or was not at any 
particular time a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer accompanied by a report of the Auditors 
addressed to the Issuer (as to proper extraction of the figures used by the Management Board of 
the Issuer in determining the Material Subsidiaries of the Issuer and mathematical accuracy of the 
calculation) shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties; and 
"Subsidiary" means any company or corporation: (A) which is controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the first-mentioned company or corporation; or (B) more than half the issued share capital of 
which is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or corporation; 
or (C) which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first-mentioned company or corporation, 
and, for these purposes, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by another 
if that other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition 
of its board of directors or equivalent body. 
10.3 
Events of Default relating to MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
Save as provided below, there are no events of default under the MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, which could lead to an 
acceleration of the relevant MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes.  
However, if an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings against 
the Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer and such order is continuing, then any Noteholder may, unless there has 
been a resolution to the contrary by the Noteholders, by written notice addressed by the Noteholder

--- Page 146 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 146 - 
70-41040845 
 
thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer and to the Specified Office of the Agent (and 
addressed to the Issuer), be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon the principal amount 
of such Notes together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of payment shall 
become immediately due and payable without further action or formality. If any order is made by 
any competent court declaring the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the principal amount of such Notes 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon shall become due on the day the Issuer is 
declared bankrupt. 
10.4 
Notices relating to Events of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the principal or any other redemption amount 
of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under or in respect of the 
Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as 
a result of the exercise of any Polish bail-in power by the Competent Authority with respect to the 
Issuer, nor the exercise of any Polish bail-in power by the Competent Authority with respect to the 
Notes pursuant to Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), will be 
an Event of Default. 
10.5 
Occurrence of Event of Default 
Subject to Condition 10.3 (Events of Default relating to MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) if any Event of Default shall 
occur and be continuing in relation to any Series, any holder of a Note of the relevant Series may, 
by written notice to the Issuer, at the specified office of the Paying Agent, declare that such Note 
and (if the Note is interest-bearing) all interest then accrued on such Note shall be forthwith due and 
payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and payable at its early termination 
amount (which shall be its outstanding principal amount or, if such Note is non interest bearing, its 
Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call))) or such other redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms, together with all interest (if any) accrued thereon 
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will 
expressly waive, anything contained in such Notes to the contrary notwithstanding, unless, prior 
thereto, all Events of Default in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series shall have been cured. 
11. 
SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION 
If Substitution and Variation is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable to the 
Notes and (i) a Capital Disqualification Event, (ii) an MREL Disqualification Event or (iii) a 
circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes for taxation reasons under 
Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) occurs and is continuing, or to ensure the effectiveness 
or enforceability of Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), the 
Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes (as the case may be) or modify the terms 
of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, so that they are substituted for, or varied to, become, or remain, Qualifying Notes, 
subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) and the Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date for substitution or, as applicable, variation), and subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the Competent Authority or the Relevant Resolution Authority, as applicable, if and as 
required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and in accordance with Applicable Banking 
Regulations in force at the relevant time, provided that in each case 
(a) 
such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem 
the varied or substituted securities; 
(b) 
such variation or substitution would not itself directly lead to a downgrade in any of the 
credit ratings solicited by the Issuer of the Notes as assigned to such Notes by any Rating 
Agency immediately prior to such variation or substitution (unless any such downgrade is 
solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 20 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)); and

--- Page 147 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 147 - 
70-41040845 
 
(c) 
such variation or substitution is not materially less favourable to Noteholders of the 
relevant Notes (unless any such prejudice is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers)). 
Any refusal by (in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the case 
of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes) the Relevant 
Resolution Authority to grant its approval as described above will not constitute an event of default 
under the relevant Notes. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new 
Conditions of the Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or charge 
to the Noteholders. 
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Notes, be deemed to 
accept the substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant to the Issuer full power 
and authority to take any action and/or to execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on 
behalf of the Noteholders which is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation 
of the terms of the Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
"Qualifying Notes" means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency and 
issued directly by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not otherwise 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the Notes, provided that the Issuer 
shall have delivered a certificate signed by two authorised signatories to that effect to the 
Noteholders not less than five Business Days prior to (x) in the case of a substitution of the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 11 (Substitution and Variation), the issue date of the relevant securities 
or (y) in the case of a variation of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 11 (Substitution and 
Variation), the date such variation becomes effective, provided that such securities shall: 
(a) 
(i) in the case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Subordinated Notes, if the MREL Requirement Date has occurred, contain terms which 
comply with the then-current requirements for MREL-eligible Notes as embodied in the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, and (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, contain 
terms which comply with the then-current requirements for their inclusion in the Tier 2 
Subordinated Capital of the Issuer; and 
(b) 
carry the same rate of interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to this Condition 11 (Substitution and Variation); and 
(c) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 11 (Substitution 
and Variation); and 
(d) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 11 (Substitution 
and Variation); and 
(e) 
have at least the same ranking; and 
(f) 
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to a Capital 
Disqualification Event, an MREL Disqualification Event and/or an early redemption right 
for taxation reasons according to Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), as 
applicable; and 
(g) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the Issuer, if the 
Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 11 (Substitution and 
Variation).

--- Page 148 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 148 - 
70-41040845 
 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity 
as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection 
with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, which may be the Agent, with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be 
given to the Noteholders promptly in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged 
or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its 
assets to become the successor agent. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Prescription). 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and on the Issuer's website 
https://www.mbank.pl/en/home-page and (b) if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading 
on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu. It is 
expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London 
and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, 
where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in 
all required newspapers.

--- Page 149 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 149 - 
70-41040845 
 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of 
the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders 
of the Notes on the second day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note 
to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner 
as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for 
this purpose. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated herein) for 
convening (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) meetings 
of the holders of Notes of any Series to consider any matter affecting their interest, including 
(without limitation) the modification by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement or the 
Deed of Covenant. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the 
Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing 
an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes 
so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification 
of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes 
or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the holders of Notes of any Series will be binding 
on all holders of the Notes of such Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all 
holders of Coupons relating to Notes of such Series. 
The Issuer may, with the consent of the Agent, but without the consent of the holders of the Notes 
of any Series or Coupons, agree to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the 
Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree such modifications to the Agency 
Agreement, the Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant as may be required in order to 
give effect to Condition 5.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) in connection with effecting any 
Alternative Reference Rate, Successor Rate, Benchmark Replacement, Adjustment Spread, 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes referred to in Condition 5.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) without the 
requirement for the consent or sanction of the Noteholders or Couponholders.

--- Page 150 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 150 - 
70-41040845 
 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Agents) above 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In respect of Ordinary Senior Notes (other than MREL Senior Notes) only, the Issuer, or any 
previous substituted company, may, at any time, without the consent of the holders of the Notes of 
any Series or Coupons, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the 
Talons any company (the "Substitute") that is a Subsidiary of the Issuer, provided that no payment 
in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made 
by a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), to be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement 
as Schedule 7, and may take place only if (i) the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree 
to indemnify each holder of a Note, Coupon or Talon against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge that is imposed on it by, or by any authority in or of, the jurisdiction of the 
country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with 
respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so 
imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (ii) the obligations of the 
Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Notes, Coupons, Talons and the Deed of Covenant shall be 
unconditionally guaranteed by the Issuer by means of the Deed Poll, (iii) all actions, conditions and 
things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) 
to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, 
legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and in the case of the Deed Poll of the 
Issuer have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect, (iv) the Substitute shall 
have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as 
if it had been an original party to it, (v) legal opinions addressed to the holders of Notes shall have 
been delivered to them (care of the Agent) from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities 
practice in each jurisdiction referred to in (i) above and in England as to the fulfilment of the 
preceding conditions of paragraph (iii) above and the other matters specified in the Deed Poll and 
(vi) the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the holders of 
Notes, stating that copies or, pending execution, the agreed text of all documents in relation to the 
substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to 
holders of Notes, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents. References in Condition 10 (Events of Default) to obligations under the Notes shall be 
deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll, and, where the Deed Poll contains a guarantee, 
the events listed in Condition 10 (Events of Default) shall be deemed to include that guarantee not 
being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full force and effect. 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Notes and the Coupons are, and shall be, governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law except the provisions of Condition 2 (Status of the Notes), Condition 4 (Waiver of set off) and 
Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of bail-in and loss absorption powers) which shall be governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, Polish law.

--- Page 151 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 151 - 
70-41040845 
 
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, 
validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their 
nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute"), and accordingly each of the 
Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 19.2, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders taking proceedings in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the 
English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute. 
19.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft at its office at 30 Gresham Street, 
London EC2V 7PG as its agent for service of process, in any proceedings before the English courts 
in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft being 
unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent 
for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process 
agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to 
serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
19.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to 
those set out above. 
20. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF BAIL-IN AND LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS 
20.1 
Notwithstanding, and to the exclusion of, any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of 
this Condition 20, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the 
Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be 
subject to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority and/or 
the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound 
by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) 
may include and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, 
and the issue to or conferral on the Note of such shares, securities or obligations, 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of 
the Notes; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes;  
(iv) 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(v) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise 
of any Polish bail-in power by the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority.

--- Page 152 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 152 - 
70-41040845 
 
(b) 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (including, for these purposes, each holder 
of a beneficial interest in the Notes): (a) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be 
bound by the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers as it may be exercised 
without any prior notice by the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority of its decision to exercise such power with respect to such Notes; and (b) shall 
be deemed to have authorised, directed and requested Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, any accountholder in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or other 
intermediary through which it holds such Notes to take any and all necessary action, if 
required, to implement the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers with 
respect to such Notes as it may be exercised, without any further action or direction on the 
part of such Noteholder or any Agent. 
(c) 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will provide 
a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers. The Issuer 
will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Agents for information purposes. Each 
Noteholder acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees that any delay or failure by the 
Issuer to notify the Noteholders under this paragraph shall not affect (or be deemed to 
operate to affect) the validity and enforceability of the exercise of Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(d) 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the principal or any other 
redemption amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due 
under or in respect of the Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation 
of the Issuer or another person or the variation of the terms of the Notes, as a result of the 
exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority and/or 
the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-
in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 20, will be an 
Event of Default. 
In these Conditions: 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, 
transfer, modification, suspension or similar or resolution-related power existing from time to time 
under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in 
the Republic of Poland, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD and (ii) the instruments, rules 
and standards created under the BRRD pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any 
affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); and 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to such amounts 
will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
21. 
RECOGNITION OF STAY POWERS 
21.1 
By its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, each Noteholder (which for the 
purposes of this Condition 21, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), where a 
resolution measure is taken in relation to the Issuer or any member of the same group as the Issuer 
which is an EU BRRD undertaking: 
(a) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Stay Powers; 
(b) 
acknowledges and accepts that it is bound by the application or exercise of any such Stay 
Powers; and

--- Page 153 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 153 - 
70-41040845 
 
(c) 
confirms that this Condition 21 represents the entire agreement with the Issuer on the 
potential impact of Stay Powers in respect of the Notes, to the exclusion of any other 
agreement, arrangement or understanding between parties, to the extent that such Stay 
Powers apply to the Notes. 
21.2 
In accordance with Article 68 (Exclusion of certain contractual terms in early intervention and 
resolution) of the BRRD and any relevant implementing measures in any member state, by its 
subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, each Noteholder further acknowledges and 
agrees that the application or exercise of any such Stay Powers shall not, per se, be deemed to be an 
enforcement event within the meaning of Directive 2002/47/EC of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 6 June 2002 on financial collateral arrangements or as insolvency proceedings within 
the meaning of Directive 98/26/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 May 1998 
on settlement finality in payment and securities settlement systems, and that Noteholders shall not 
be entitled to take any of the steps outlined under Article 68(3) of the BRRD and any relevant 
implementing measures in any member state against the Issuer. 
21.3 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
(a) 
"Stay Powers" means the powers of a relevant resolution authority to suspend or restrict 
rights and obligations under: 
(i) 
Article 33a (Power to suspend payment or delivery obligations); 
(ii) 
Article 69 (Power to suspend payment or delivery obligations); 
(iii) 
Article 70 (Power to restrict the enforcement of any security interest); and 
(iv) 
Article 71 (Power to temporarily suspend any termination right), of the BRRD 
and any relevant implementing measures in any member state including Articles 
142 - 144 of the Act on Bank Guarantee Fund; 
(b) 
"EU BRRD undertaking" means an entity within the scope of Article 71a of the BRRD 
and any relevant implementing measures in any EEA member state; and 
(c) 
"resolution measure" means "resolution" or the application of a "resolution tool", "crisis 
prevention measure" or "crisis management measure" within the meaning of the BRRD 
and any relevant implementing measures in any member state.

--- Page 154 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 154 - 
70-41040845 
 
GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK 
The Group has established its green bond framework (the "Green Bond Framework") under which the 
Issuer and other members of the Group may issue debt instruments (the "Green Bonds") to finance and re-
finance, in whole or in part, eligible projects, as defined, selected and reported in accordance with the Green 
Bond Framework.  
In February 2022 the Issuer updated the Green Bond Framework. The Green Bond Framework is aligned 
with, and therefore meets all relevant criteria set out in, the ICMA Green Bond Principles published by the 
International Capital Markets Association in June 2021 (the "GBP 2021") which constitute voluntary 
guidelines recommending transparency and promoting integrity in the development of the green bonds 
market. The updated Green Bond Framework has been reviewed by Sustainalytics B.V. the (''Second Party 
Opinion Provider''), which has issued an opinion confirming that the Green Bond Framework is credible, 
impactful and aligned with the GBP 2021 (the "Second Party Opinion"). 
The Issuer may, in the future, update the Green Bond Framework to reflect corporate strategy, technology 
and market developments. Any updates to the Green Bond Framework will be approved by the Issuer's 
Management Board but, for the avoidance of doubt, will not require a supplement to the Base Prospectus.  
Each of the Green Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion, any updates to the Green Bond Framework 
and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of any such Green Bonds will be available on the Issuer's website at 
https://www.mbank.pl/en/investor-relations/ratings-debt-instruments/green-bonds/. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Bond Framework nor the Second Party Opinion are, nor shall 
either of them be deemed to be, incorporated in, and/or form part of, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 155 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 155 - 
70-41040845 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for (i) its general corporate purposes, 
or (ii) any other purpose stated in the applicable Final Terms such as, without limitation, the refinancing or 
financing, in whole or in part, of eligible projects (as defined in the Green Bond Framework). If, in respect 
of a particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, for example the funding of eligible 
projects in line with the Green Bond Framework, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms (or the 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
For the purposes of this section:  
''eligible projects" means either Green Buildings Projects or Renewable Energy Projects which meet the 
environmental and social criteria defined in the Green Bond Framework and which, prior to the relevant Issue 
Date, will be: (i) approved by the Issuer and, where applicable, reviewed by the Second Party Opinion 
Provider, and (ii) made available on the Issuer's website at https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-
inwestorskie/ratingi-instrumenty-dluzne/ratingi/mbank-green-bond-framework.pdf; 
''Green Buildings Projects'' means the construction, renovation or acquisition of buildings that meet one 
of the following eligibility criteria:  
(i) 
representing the TOP (as defined in the Green Bond Framework) 15 per cent. low carbon buildings 
in Poland (best-in-class approach);  
(ii) 
its year of construction is 2017 or newer (complying with Technical Condition 2017 or Technical 
Condition 2021), depending on year of bond issuance and bond duration, based on the Climate 
Bond Initiative's (the "CBI") Low Carbon Buildings Criteria in compliance with the CBI's 
established residential market proxy for Poland; or 
(iii) 
upgrade and retrofit of asset will result in 30-50 per cent. improvement in carbon dioxide emissions 
(based on the data in its energy performance certificate); and  
"Renewable Energy Projects" means the development, acquisition, maintenance and operation of 
renewable energy sources, in particular: 
(i) 
onshore and offshore wind energy; and 
(ii) 
solar energy, including photovoltaic (provided that 85 per cent. or more of the electricity 
production comes from solar energy sources),  
provided an environmental and social impact assessment of these projects has been carried out (with any 
identified risks being reasonably mitigated) by the Issuer. 
In respect of (i) Green Buildings Projects, the CBI's Low Carbon Buildings Sector Criteria will be applied 
and (ii) Renewable Energy Projects, the CBI's Sector Criteria for Wind Energy or Solar Energy will be 
applied (each as referred to in the Green Bond Framework).

--- Page 156 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 156 - 
70-41040845 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER AND OVERVIEW OF THE 
GROUP'S FINANCIAL CONDITION 
Financial results of the Group in 2021 
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group's financial results were heavily impacted by costs of legal 
risk related to FX mortgage loans (see "Risk Factors - The Group is exposed to the legal risks associated 
with granting, financing and securing loans."). The Group generated a net loss in the amount of PLN  
-1,178.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, compared with a net profit of PLN 103.8 million 
generated in the year ended 31 December 2020. Despite this net loss, the Group's capital and liquidity ratios 
(see further "Risk Factors - The Bank and the Group may be unable to satisfy its or their required minimum 
capital adequacy and other ratios") remained materially above regulatory requirements.  
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group's total income was PLN 6,111.1 million, compared with 
PLN 5,866.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, which represents an increase of 4.2 per cent. 
Total income is calculated as the sum of net interest income, net fee and commission income, dividend 
income, net trading income, other income, other operating income and other operating expenses. Other 
income comprises gains or losses on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair 
value through profit or loss and gains or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss related to equity instruments and debt securities (without loans and advances). 
Net interest income remained the Group's largest income source in the year ended 31 December 2021 (67.2 
per cent. of total income). In the year ended 31 December 2021, net interest income reached PLN 4,104.0 
million, compared with PLN 4,009.3 million in the previous year (an increase of 2.4 per cent.).  
In the year ended 31 December 2021, interest income declined by 5.5 per cent. to PLN 4,431.7 million 
(compared with PLN 4,688.4 million in the year ended 31 December 2020). Interest income from loans and 
advances decreased by PLN 145.3 million, or 4.0 per cent., to PLN 3,503.6 million in the year ended 31 
December 2021. Interest income from loans and advances includes interest income from loans and advances 
on the following items: assets held for trading, non-trading financial assets measured mandatorily at fair 
value through profit or loss and financial assets measured at amortised cost. This decrease in interest income 
from loans and advances was primarily as a result of the impact of interest rate cuts by 140 basis points in 
aggregate in 2020, although this was partly offset by interest rate hikes in the fourth quarter of 2021 by 165 
basis points in aggregate. Interest income from investment securities decreased by PLN 165.8 million or 
25.7 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2021 to PLN 480.2 million, compared with PLN 646.0 million 
in the year ended 31 December 2020. Interest income from investment securities includes interest income 
on the following items: non-trading financial assets measured mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss, including debt securities, financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
and financial assets measured at amortised cost, including debt securities. At the same time, interest income 
on debt securities held for trading declined by 37.0 per cent. to PLN 17.1 million from PLN 27.2 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2020. In the year ended 31 December 2021, interest income on derivatives 
classified into the banking book decreased by 25.1 per cent. to PLN 94.5 million, compared with PLN 126.1 
million in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
In the year ended 31 December 2021, interest expense decreased by PLN 351.4 million or 51.7 per cent. to 
PLN 327.7 million. As a result of repricing, deposit expenses declined by PLN 280.5 million or 81.0 per 
cent. to PLN 66.0 million, despite a significant increase in the volume of the Group's retail and corporate 
deposits in the same period. Costs of debt securities issued, which constitute the Group's second-largest 
source of funding, decreased by PLN 72.6 million or 31.9 per cent. to PLN 155.0 million. Interest expenses 
arising from loans received decreased by 47.9 per cent. to PLN 4.6 million for the year ended 31 December 
2021 (compared with PLN 8.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2020). The Group's net interest 
margin for the year ended 31 December 2021 was 2.1 per cent., compared with 2.3 per cent. for the year 
ended 31 December 2020. 
The Group's net fee and commission income surged to PLN 1,890.0 million in the year ended 31 December 
2021 registering a growth of 25.3 per cent., compared with PLN 1,508.3 million for the year ended 31 
December 2020. The primary reason was an increase in fee and commission income. 
The Group's fee and commission income increased by 21.0 per cent. to PLN 2,714.9 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 (compared with PLN 2,244.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2020). The 
highest growth was recorded in commissions from bank accounts, which grew by PLN 139.5 million or

--- Page 157 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 157 - 
70-41040845 
 
62.8 per cent. year-on-year and reached PLN 361.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 (compared 
with PLN 222.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2020). This increase was primarily as a result of 
a higher number of active clients, price adjustments in the retail and corporate segments and the collection 
of fees from corporate clients determined on the basis of the balance of deposits on the first day of the year 
for balances surpassing the fixed threshold. Credit-related fees and commissions increased by PLN 76.5 
million or 16.5 per cent. year-on-year to PLN 539.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(compared with PLN 462.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2020), mainly as a result of higher 
sales of retail mortgage and non-mortgage loans. Commissions from currency transactions increased by 
PLN 68.5 million or 20.2 per cent. to PLN 408.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 (compared 
with PLN 339.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2020) owing to intense activity of both corporate 
and retail clients amid higher volatility in the foreign exchange market.  
Payment card related fees grew by PLN 55.5 million or 12.9 per cent. to PLN 485.8 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 (compared with PLN 430.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2020) 
reflecting an increased number in and value of card transactions by clients. Growth in transactional banking, 
seen through a higher number of transactions, resulted in an increase in commissions from money transfers 
by 29.6 per cent. or PLN 43.8 million to PLN 191.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, compared 
with PLN 147.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2020.  
The year ended 31 December 2021 also saw an increase in commissions for agency services regarding the 
sale of products of external financial entities by 38.4 per cent. or PLN 28.6 million to PLN 103.1 million 
(compared with PLN 74.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2020). This increase was driven by 
income from the sale of investment fund units and increased commissions from the sale of external products 
by mFinanse in the year ended 31 December 2021. Commissions for agency services regarding the sale of 
insurance products of external financial entities in the year ended 31 December 2021 increased by 19.6 per 
cent. to PLN 131.4 million compared with the year ended 31 December 2020 (PLN 109.8 million). Fees 
from brokerage activity and debt securities issues increased by PLN 17.8 million or 8.0 per cent. to PLN 
240.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 (compared with PLN 222.3 million for the year ended 
31 December 2020), reflecting increased investor activity on the Warsaw Stock Exchange (the "WSE") and 
the turnover of mBank's Brokerage Bureau on the equity market. Fees from portfolio management services 
and other management-related fees increased by 19.7 per cent. to PLN 27.8 million for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (compared with PLN 23.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2020), mirroring the 
Group's growing assets under management.  
For the year ended 31 December 2021, fee and commission expenses increased by 12.0 per cent. to PLN 
824.9 million, compared with PLN 736.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Dividend income amounted to PLN 5.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, compared with PLN 
4.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The Group recorded net trading income of PLN 96.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, which 
represented a decrease of 47.6 per cent. compared with the year ended 31 December 2020. This decrease 
was mainly driven by gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities held for trading. Due to losses 
recorded on interest rate derivatives, gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities held for trading 
amounted to PLN -77.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 compared to PLN 123.1 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2020. An increase was reported in foreign exchange results in 2021, which 
reached PLN 191.7 million compared with PLN 72.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2020.  
Other income, including gains or losses on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured at 
fair value through profit or loss and gains or losses from non-trading equity instruments and debt securities 
mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss, decreased by 41.2 per cent. or PLN 72.6 million 
to PLN 103.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, compared with PLN 176.3 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2020.  
In the year ended 31 December 2021, net other operating income (other operating income net of other 
operating expenses) amounted to PLN -88.5 million, compared with PLN -16.8 million for the year ended 
31 December 2020. This deterioration was primarily driven by higher provisions for future commitments. 
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group's total overhead costs and depreciation was PLN 2,456.9 
million, which represented a 1.9 per cent. increase compared with the previous year (PLN 2,411.1 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2020).

--- Page 158 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 158 - 
70-41040845 
 
Staff-related expenses increased by 9.9 per cent. to PLN 1,070.9 million for the year ended 31 December 
2021 (compared with PLN 974.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2020) mainly due to higher 
variable components of remuneration. The number of full-time equivalents increased to 6,738 as of 31 
December 2021 from 6,688 as of 31 December 2020. Material costs increased by 0.8 per cent. to PLN 676.4 
million for the year ended 31 December 2021 (compared with PLN 671.3 million for the year ended 31 
December 2020). The Group's contribution and transfers to the BGF decreased by 23.7 per cent. or PLN 
70.6 million to PLN 227.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. Depreciation increased by 1.3 per 
cent. to PLN 436.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 (compared with PLN 430.6 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2020) due to earlier investment outlays on fixed and intangible assets. 
As a result of changes in income and expenses, the cost-to-income ratio for the year ended 31 December 
2021 was 40.2 per cent. (compared with 41.1 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2020). The cost-to-
income ratio is calculated by dividing overhead costs and depreciation by total income comprising net 
interest income, net fee and commission income, dividend income, net trading income, other income, other 
operating income and other operating expenses. Other income comprises gains or losses on derecognition 
of financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss and gains or losses on 
non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss related to equity instruments 
and debt securities (without loans and advances). 
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the cost of risk in 2021 decreased notably primarily due to positive 
macroeconomic developments and the creation of additional provisions for risks related to the COVID-19 
pandemic in 2020. Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value 
through profit or loss and gains or losses on loans and advances in non-trading financial assets mandatorily 
at fair value through profit or loss was PLN -878.6 million (compared with PLN -1,292.8 million for the 
year ended 31 December 2020), including impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss of PLN -873.2 million (compared with PLN -1,225.6 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2020) and gains or losses on loans and advances in non-trading financial 
assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss, which amounted to PLN -5.3 million (compared with 
PLN -67.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2020). The cost of risk in the year ended 31 December 
2021 was 76 basis points, compared with 119 basis points in the year ended 31 December 2020.  
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group's results were strongly affected by elevated costs of legal 
risk related to foreign currency loans. Cost of legal risk related to foreign currency loans reached PLN 
2,758.1 million, compared with PLN 1,021.7 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. The key 
components of such provisions in 2021 were related to the increased impact of legal risk related to 
individual lawsuits (PLN 1,298.7 million) and potential costs of voluntary settlement programme (PLN 
1,009.8 million).  
Taxes on the Group's balance sheet items for the year ended 31 December 2021 were PLN 608.6 million, 
compared with PLN 531.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Consequently, in the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group generated a loss before income tax in the 
amount of PLN -591.0 million, compared with a profit before income tax of PLN 609.7 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2020. 
The Group's net loss attributable to the Owners of the Bank for the year ended 31 December 2021 was PLN 
-1,178.8 million, compared with the net profit of PLN 103.8 million generated in the year ended 31 
December 2020. The Group's net return on equity for the year ended 31 December 2021 was negative and 
amounted to -7.2 per cent., compared with 0.6 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group's business excluding the FX mortgage loans segment (the 
"core business") generated profit before income tax in the amount of PLN 2,190.5 million (compared with 
PLN 1,613.2 million in the year ended 31 December 2020) and net profit attributable to the Owners of the 
Bank in the amount of PLN 1,602.7 million (compared with PLN 1,107.3 million in the year ended 31 
December 2020). The net return on equity on the Group's core business for the year ended 31 December 
2021 was 11.9 per cent., compared with 8.1 per cent. in the previous year.  
As of 31 December 2021, the Group's gross carrying amount of loans and advances to customers was PLN 
121.2 billion out of which PLN 73.2 billion was attributable to individuals, PLN 47.8 billion was 
attributable to corporate entities and PLN 0.2 billion was attributable to the public sector. In contrast, the 
Group's gross carrying amount of loans and advances to customers was PLN 112.2 billion as of 31

--- Page 159 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 159 - 
70-41040845 
 
December 2020 (including PLN 66.0 billion attributable to individuals, PLN 46.0 billion attributable to 
corporate entities and PLN 0.2 billion attributable to the public sector).  
Amounts due to customers amounted to PLN 159.9 billion as of 31 December 2021, compared with PLN 
137.7 billion as of 31 December 2020. 
As of 31 December 2021, the total capital ratio of the Group was 16.58 per cent. compared with 19.86 per 
cent. as of 31 December 2020. The Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 14.16 per cent. as of 31 
December 2021, compared with 16.99 per cent. as of 31 December 2020. The consolidated leverage ratio 
calculated in accordance with the provisions of the CRR and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/62 of 10 October 2014, amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council with regard to the leverage ratio, amounted to 6.32 per cent. (compared with 7.85 per cent. in 
the year ended 31 December 2020).  
Financial results of the Group in the nine month period ended 30 September 2022 
Between January and September 2022, the Group’s net financial result was depressed by the substantial 
provisions for legal risks relating to CHF mortgage loans, the impact of credit holidays for PLN mortgage 
borrowers and high regulatory charges related to the Borrowers' Support Fund, contributions to the 
Institutional Protection Scheme and to the BGF and as well as by the Banking Tax. However, the Group’s 
underlying profitability (excluding the effects of one-offs and legal risk provisions) remained strong. 
The Group generated total income in the amount of PLN 5,408.1 million in the nine-month period ended 
30 September 2022 (''Q1-Q3 2022'') compared with PLN 4,490.6 million in the nine-month period ended 
30 September 2021 (''Q1-Q3 2021''), which represents an increase of PLN 917.5 million or 20.4 per cent. 
During this period, an increase of revenues was driven predominantly by net interest income and net fee 
and commission income. 
Net interest income of the Group in Q1-Q3 2022 accounted for 72.3 per cent. of total income amounting to 
PLN 3,911.9 million compared with PLN 2,913.3 million in Q1-Q3 2021 representing an increase by PLN 
998.7 million or 34.3 per cent. The increase in net interest income was fuelled mainly by a series of interest 
rate hikes. Between October 2021 and September 2022, the reference rate was raised by 665 bps in 
aggregate to 6.75 per cent. in September 2022. In the third quarter of 2022, the positive impact of interest 
rates hikes was to a large extent consumed by the negative impact of credit holidays for borrowers who 
have mortgage loans in PLN. 
Interest income increased by PLN 2,778.6 million or 88.5 per cent. year-on-year and was PLN 5,918.6 
million in Q1-Q3 2022. Income on loans and advances to clients, constituting the main source of interest 
income, increased in Q1-Q3 2022 by PLN 3,502.5 million or 141.5 per cent. year-on-year. Interest income 
from loans and advances includes interest income from loans and advances on the following items: assets 
held for trading, non-trading financial assets measured mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss and 
financial assets measured at amortised cost. The impact of credit holidays recognised in the interest income 
of Q1-Q3 2022 was PLN -1,282.3 million. To calculate the impact of credit holidays, the Group estimated 
that customers owning 86.9 per cent. of the value of assumed eligible mortgage loan portfolio would apply 
for the credit holidays and that they would request on average 7.5 months of credit holidays. 
In Q1-Q3 2022, interest income from investment securities was higher than in Q1-Q3 2021 by PLN 500.0 
million or 147.4 per cent. Interest income from investment securities includes interest income on debt 
securities in the following items: non-trading financial assets measured mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss, financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial 
assets measured at amortised cost. Interest income from debt securities held for trading increased by PLN 
14.9 million or 116.9 per cent. compared with Q1-Q3 2021.  
Interest expenses increased by PLN 1,780.0 million or by 785.1 per cent. year-on-year in Q1-Q3 2022 and 
were PLN -2,006.7 million. As a result of increased interest rates on customer deposits and higher volumes 
of corporate and retail deposits, in Q1-Q3 2022, cost of deposits surged by PLN 906.4 million or 
approximately 24 times year-on-year. Interest expenses arising from the issue of the Group's debt securities 
increased by PLN 96.2 million or 86.1 per cent. compared with Q1-Q3 2021. In Q1-Q3 2022, interest 
expense on derivatives classified into banking book, concluded under the fair value hedge and concluded 
under the cash flow hedge totaled PLN -708.5 million, while in Q1-Q3 2021 derivatives classified into

--- Page 160 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 160 - 
70-41040845 
 
banking book, concluded under the fair value hedge and concluded under the cash flow hedge generated 
interest income in the amount of PLN 309.9 million. 
Net fee and commission income amounted to PLN 1,675.2 million in Q1-Q3 2022, up by PLN 275.1 million 
or 19.6 per cent. year-on-year. Fee and commission income increased by PLN 315.0 million or 15.8 per 
cent. year-on-year. The highest increase was recorded in payment cards-related fees, which grew by PLN 
121.4 million or 34.8 per cent. year-on-year, reflecting higher number and value of non-cash transactions. 
Commissions from currency transactions rose by PLN 86.6 million or 29.2 per cent. in Q1-Q3 2022. The 
increase was driven by higher activity of both corporate and retail clients amid high volatility of exchange 
rates. Credit-related fees and commissions increased by PLN 57.8 million or 14.6 per cent. year-on-year 
mainly as a result of higher sales of corporate loans and changes in the banking tariff. Commissions from 
bank accounts in Q1-Q3 2022 grew by PLN 30.4 million or 11.1 per cent. year-on-year, while commissions 
from money transfers increased by PLN 28.3 million or 20.7 per cent. year-on-year mirroring rising 
transactions and price adjustments. Commissions for agency service regarding sale of insurance products 
of external financial entities in Q1-Q3 2022 were higher than a year ago by PLN 20.1 million or 20.8 per 
cent. Most of the other categories of commission income also increased year-on-year. In Q1-Q3 2022, a 
decrease in the activity of investors on the WSE was observed compared with the previous year, which 
resulted in a decrease in fees from brokerage activity and debt securities issue by PLN 43.4 million, i.e. 
23.8 per cent. year-on-year. 
Fee and commission expense increased by PLN 39.9 million or 6.8 per cent. year-on-year in Q1-Q3 2022. 
This increase was driven mainly by payment cards-related fees, expenses related to cash services and 
commissions paid for sale of external financial entities’ products. 
Dividend income amounted to PLN 5.1 million in Q1-Q3 2022 compared with PLN 4.9 million in Q1-Q3 
2021. 
Net trading income amounted to PLN 70.1 million in Q1-Q3 2022, down by PLN 63.7 million or 47.6 per 
cent. compared with Q1-Q3 2021. This decline can be explained primarily by the increased differential 
between PLN interest rates versus the rates in EUR and USD, which affects the results on FX swaps. A 
decrease was reported in foreign exchange result, which in Q1-Q3 2022 was PLN -3.8 million compared 
with PLN 110.7 million in Q1-Q3 2021. Gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities held for trading 
increased by PLN 88.0 million or 205.6 per cent. year-on-year in Q1-Q3 2022, mostly on interest-bearing 
derivative instruments. The result on hedge accounting was negative (PLN -57.0 million compared with 
PLN -19.8 million in Q1-Q3 2021) mainly due to a negative impact of credit holidays (PLN -63.5 million).  
Other income, including gains or losses on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured at 
fair value through profit or loss and gains or losses from non-trading equity instruments and debt securities 
mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss, was PLN -92.3 million in Q1-Q3 2022 compared 
with PLN 94.3 million in Q1-Q3 2021. The negative result in Q1-Q3 2022 was related mainly to the 
recognition of losses from the sale of Treasury bonds and the revaluation of shares in companies, in which 
the Bank holds minority stakes.  
In Q1-Q3 2022, net other operating income (other operating income net of other operating expenses) was 
PLN -161.9 million, compared with PLN -55.7 million in Q1-Q3 2021. Other operating income increased 
by PLN 49.5 million or 30.0 per cent. year-on-year, while other operating expenses grew by PLN 155.6 
million or 70.6 per cent. year-on-year due to higher provisions for future commitments. In Q1-Q3 2022, 
the provisions for future commitments included mainly provisions for settlements with the Social Insurance 
Institution (ZUS) in mFinanse S.A. and for reimbursement of bridge insurance in PLN mortgage loans. 
Total overhead costs of the Group (including depreciation) amounted to PLN 2,688.1 million in Q1-Q3 
2022. They were higher than in Q1-Q3 2021 by PLN 826.7 million or 44.4 per cent. Staff-related expenses 
increased by PLN 83.3 million (or 10.4 per cent.) year-on-year due to increased headcount and pay rises of 
employees in certain areas of the Group's operations. Material costs increased by PLN 60.6 million (or 12.2 
per cent.) and depreciation increased by PLN 22.4 million or 6.8 per cent. year-on-year in Q1-Q3 2022 due 
to earlier investment outlays on fixed and intangible assets, in particular IT systems and licensing costs 
related to an IT system used by the Bank. 
The Group's contribution and transfers to the Bank Guarantee Fund was PLN 245.9 million in Q1-Q3 2022 
compared with PLN 202.7 million Q1-Q3 2021. In Q1-Q3 2022, the Group booked the contribution to the 
Institutional Protection System in the amount of PLN 428.1 million and the contribution to the Borrowers'

--- Page 161 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 161 - 
70-41040845 
 
Support Fund in the amount of PLN 184.1 million. The Institutional Protection System was established by 
eight Polish banks in June 2022 pursuant to Art. 4 sec. 1 point 9a of the Banking Law of August 29, 1997. 
The obligation to make an additional contribution to the Borrowers' Support Fund was introduced by the 
Act on crowdfunding for business ventures and aid to borrowers of 7 July 2022.  
As a result of changes in the income and costs of the Group, in Q1-Q3 2022, the cost-to-income ratio of 
mBank Group was 49.7 per cent. compared with 41.5 per cent. in Q1-Q3 2021. The cost-to-income ratio is 
calculated by dividing overhead costs and depreciation by total income comprising net interest income, net 
fee and commission income, dividend income, net trading income, other income, other operating income 
and other operating expenses. Other income comprises gains or losses on derecognition of financial assets 
and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss and gains or losses on non-trading financial 
assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss related to equity instruments and debt securities 
(without loans and advances). 
The normalised cost-to-income ratio for Q1-Q3 2022, i.e. with the costs including three quarters of the 
contributions to the BGF and the IPS and excluding the contribution to the Borrowers' Support Fund booked 
in the nine-month period ended 30 September 2022 and with the income excluding the impact of credit 
holidays was 34.6 per cent. 
In Q1-Q3 2022, net impairment losses and fair value change on loans and advances of mBank Group 
(calculated as the sum of two items: impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured 
at fair value through profit or loss and gains or losses from non-trading loans and advances mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit or loss) was PLN -646.4 million compared with PLN -588.8 million 
in Q1-Q3 2021 (an increase of 9.8 per cent. year-on-year). In Q1-Q3 2022, impairment or reversal of 
impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss amounted to PLN -623.7 
million, while gains or losses from non-trading loans and advances mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit or loss amounted to PLN -22.7 million. 
The result on provisions for legal risk related to foreign currency loans was PLN -2,682.2 million in Q1-
Q3 2022, while in Q1-Q3 2021 it amounted to PLN -751.6 million. The increase of the cost of legal risk 
resulted from the changes of the Bank’s assumptions regarding the distribution of expected court rulings 
scenarios due to adoption of historical observations in the model, an increase in the forecasted population 
of the borrowers who will file a lawsuit against the Bank and an increase in the cost of the settlements as a 
result of the Bank's decision to launch the settlement program.  
Taxes on the Bank's balance sheet items for Q1-Q3 2022 were PLN 503.8 million compared with PLN 
444.6 million for Q1-Q3 2021. 
In Q1-Q3 2022, the Group generated loss before income tax in the amount of PLN -1,112.4 million, while 
in Q1-Q3 2021, the Group's profit before income tax was PLN 844.2 million. The Group's net result 
attributable to the Owners of mBank S.A. for Q1-Q3 2022 was PLN -1,537.2 million compared with PLN 
452.4 million generated in Q1-Q3 2021. The Group's net return on equity was -15.3 per cent. in Q1-Q3 
2022 compared with 3.6 per cent. in Q1-Q3 2021. 
In the first nine months of 2022, the Group's Core Business (i.e. the Group without FX mortgage loans 
segment) generated the profit before income tax in the amount of PLN 1,670.2 million and the net profit 
attributable to the Owners of mBank S.A in the amount of PLN 1,245.5 million. This is already after the 
credit holidays effects. The net return on equity on the Group's Core Business for the period ended 30 
September 2022 was 14.3 per cent. 
As of 30 September 2022, the Group's gross carrying amount of loans and advances to customers was PLN 
129.1 billion, out of which PLN 73.6 billion was to individuals, PLN 55.4 billion was to corporate entities 
and PLN 0.1 billion was to the public sector. It compares with PLN 121.2 billion as of 31 December 2021 
(including PLN 73.2 billion to individuals, PLN 47.8 billion to corporate entities and PLN 0.2 billion to the 
public sector). 
Amounts due to customers amounted to PLN 173.3 billion as of 30 September 2022 (including PLN 118.5 
billion related to individual clients, PLN 54.1 billion related to corporate clients and PLN 0.7 billion related 
to the public sector) compared with PLN 159.9 billion as of 31 December 2021.

--- Page 162 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 162 - 
70-41040845 
 
As of 30 September 2022, the Total Capital Ratio of the Group was 14.7 per cent. compared with 16.6 per 
cent. as of 31 December 2021. The Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 12.1 per cent. as of 30 
September 2022, compared with 14.2 per cent. as of 31 December 2021. A decrease of the Group's capital 
ratios was driven by a drop of own funds due to negative net result for the first nine months of 2022 and an 
increase of negative valuation of the State Treasury debt securities.  
Due to the Group's expected loss for 2022 caused by additional cost of legal risk related to CHF mortgage 
loans and credit holidays, on 28 September 2022, the Supervisory Board of the Bank approved the Capital 
management policy of the Group, which assumes no dividend pay out from the profit earned in 2023. 
PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The Base Prospectus includes certain data which the Issuer considers to constitute alternative performance 
measures ("APMs") for the purposes of the European Securities Markets Authority ("ESMA") Guidelines 
on Alternative Performance Measures. 
These Alternative Performance Measures are not defined by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. The 
Alternative Performance Measures are not measurements of the Bank's operating performance under IFRS 
and should not be considered as alternatives to any measures of performance under IFRS or as measures of 
the Bank's liquidity. 
APM 
Definition 
Core income ......................  
The sum of net interest income and net fee and commission income. 
Net other operating income 
Other operating income less other operating expenses. 
Total income ......................  
Calculated as the sum of net interest income, net fee and commission 
income, dividend income, net trading income, other income, other 
operating income and other operating expenses.  
 
Other income comprises gains or losses on derecognition of financial 
assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss and 
gains or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss related to equity instruments and debt securities 
(without loans and advances).  
Total income per employee 
Calculated by dividing total income by the average number of Full-time 
Equivalents ("FTEs"). The average number of FTEs is calculated on the 
basis of FTE as at the beginning of the year and at the end of each 
quarter. 
ROE gross (Return on 
equity gross) ......................  
Calculated by dividing profit/loss before income tax by the average 
equity attributable to Owners of the Bank. The average equity is 
calculated on the basis of the balances as at the end of each month. 
Profit/loss before income tax is annualised based on the number of days 
in the analysed period (the annualisation ratio is calculated as the 
quotient of the number of days in a year and the number of days in the 
analysed period). 
ROE net (Return on equity 
net) 
Calculated by dividing net profit/loss attributable to Owners of the Bank 
by the average equity attributable to Owners of the Bank. The average 
equity is calculated on the basis of the balances as at the end of each 
month. Net profit/loss attributable to the Owners of the Bank is 
annualised based on the number of days in the analysed period (the

--- Page 163 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 163 - 
70-41040845 
 
APM 
Definition 
annualisation ratio is calculated as the quotient of the number of days in 
a year and the number of days in the analysed period). 
ROA net (Return on assets 
net) .....................................  
Calculated by dividing net profit/loss attributable to Owners of the Bank 
by the average total assets. The average total assets are calculated on the 
basis of the balances as at the end of each month. Net profit/loss 
attributable to Owners of the Bank is annualised based on the number of 
days in the analysed period (the annualisation ratio is calculated as the 
quotient of the number of days in a year and the number of days in the 
analysed period). 
Cost to income ratio (C/I) ..  
Calculated by dividing overhead costs and depreciation by total income 
comprising net interest income, net fee and commission income, 
dividend income, net trading income, other income, other operating 
income and other operating expenses. 
 
Other income comprises gains or losses on derecognition of financial 
assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss and 
gains or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss related to equity instruments and debt securities 
(without loans and advances).  
Net interest margin (NIM) .  
Calculated by dividing net interest income by average interest-earning 
assets. In 2022, net interest income excludes gains or losses on 
modification, which includes costs of credit holidays. Interest-earning 
assets are a sum of cash and balances with the Central Bank, loans and 
advances to banks, debt securities (in all valuation methods) and loans 
and advances to customers (net; in all valuation methods). The average 
interest-earning assets are calculated on the basis of the balances as at 
the end of each month. Net interest income is annualised based on the 
number of days in the analysed period (the annualisation ratio is 
calculated as the quotient of the number of days in a year and the number 
of days in the analysed period). 
NPL ratio (Non-performing 
loans ratio) .........................  
Calculated by dividing a sum of the gross carrying value of loans and 
advances to customers at amortised cost with impairment (stage 3 and 
POCI) and the gross carrying value of loans and advances mandatorily 
at fair value through profit or loss in default by the total (gross) loans 
and advances to customers.  
NPL ratio – corporate 
portfolio .............................  
Calculated by dividing a sum of the gross carrying value of loans and 
advances to corporate customers at amortised cost with impairment 
(stage 3 and POCI) and the gross carrying value of loans and advances 
to corporate customers mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss in 
default by the total (gross) loans and advances to corporate customers 
excluding reverse repo/ buy/-sell-back transactions. 
NPL ratio of mortgage loan 
portfolio 
to 
private 
individuals in Poland .........  
Calculated by dividing the gross carrying value of mortgage loans to 
private individuals in Poland with recognised impairment by the total 
(gross) mortgage loans to private individuals in Poland. The mortgage 
loan portfolio is measured at amortised cost. 
NPL ratio – retail portfolio  
Calculated by dividing a sum of the gross carrying value of loans and 
advances to retail customers at amortised cost with impairment (stage 3 
and POCI) and the gross carrying value of loans and advances to retail 
customers mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss in default by 
the total (gross) loans and advances to retail customers.

--- Page 164 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 164 - 
70-41040845 
 
APM 
Definition 
NPL Coverage ratio ...........  
Calculated by dividing a sum of accumulated impairment allowances for 
loans and advances to customers at amortised cost with impairment 
(stage 3 and POCI) and accumulated impairment allowances for loans 
and advances to customers mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss in default by a sum of the gross carrying value of loans and advances 
to customers at amortised cost with impairment (stage 3 and POCI) and 
the gross carrying value of loans and advances mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss in default. 
Cost of risk ........................  
Calculated by dividing a sum of impairment or reversal of impairment 
on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss and 
gains or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss related to loans and advances to customers by the 
average net loans and advances to customers (the sum of loans and 
advances to customers recognised in: financial assets measured at 
amortised cost, non-trading financial assets mandatorily measured at fair 
value through profit or loss and financial assets held for trading). The 
average net loans and advances are calculated on the basis of the 
balances as at the beginning of the year and at the end of each quarter. 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured 
at fair value through profit or loss and gains or losses on non-trading 
financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss related to 
loans and advances to customers are annualised based on the number of 
quarters in the analysed period (the annualisation ratio is calculated as 
the quotient of the number of quarters in a year and the number of 
quarters in the analysed period). 
Loan-to-deposit ratio .........  
Calculated by dividing net loans and advances to customers by amounts 
due to customers. Net loans and advances to customers are calculated as 
a sum of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, loans and 
advances to customers mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss 
and loans in financial assets held for trading. 
Equity to assets ..................  
Calculated by dividing total equity by total assets. 
TREA to assets ..................  
Calculated by dividing the Total Risk Exposure Amount (the "TREA") 
by total assets. TREA shall mean the total of risk-weighted exposure 
amount for credit risk, counterparty credit risk and (multiplied by 12.5) 
own funds requirements for other types of risk, i.e.: 
- 
market risk; 
- 
operational risk; and 
- 
other risks, e.g., credit valuation adjustment risk, large 
exposures in the banking book, etc. 
Total Capital Ratio  
(TCR) ................................  
Calculated by dividing the own funds (the sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 
capital) by the Total Risk Exposure Amount. 
Tier 1 capital ratio .............  
Calculated by dividing the Tier 1 capital by the Total Risk Exposure 
Amount. 
 
The Issuer believes that the above measures provide useful information to investors for the purposes of 
evaluating the financial condition and results of operations of the Group, the quality of its assets and the 
fundamentals of its business.

--- Page 165 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 165 - 
70-41040845 
 
In particular: 
(i) 
the ratios presented by the Issuer are aimed at quantifying certain aspects of the Issuer's business 
and its strengths within the context of the Polish banking system; and 
(ii) 
the alternative performance measures, although not required by law in the preparation of financial 
statements, allow for comparisons with other banks, over different periods of time and between the 
Issuer and the average industry standards. 
GROUP FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021 AND 31 
DECEMBER 2020 AND FOR THE FIRST THREE QUARTERS ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2022 AND 
30 SEPTEMBER 2021 
This section should be read together with the financial data included or incorporated by reference elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Comparative Data 
• 
Impact of the legal risk related to court cases concerning indexation clauses in mortgage and housing 
loans in CHF 
Starting from 2021, the Group changed the accounting policy for recognizing the impact of the legal risk 
related to court cases concerning indexation clauses in mortgage and housing loans in CHF. Until the end 
of 2020 the Group recognized provisions for legal proceedings in accordance with IAS 37 "Provisions, 
Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets" in relation to both active and repaid loans. In view of changes 
in conditions, such as the growing number of court cases and the predominantly unfavourable court 
judgments stating the invalidity of the contract in whole or certain provisions thereof the Group expects 
that it will not obtain the full amount of contractual cash flow. Therefore, in relation to active loans the 
Group revised its estimates of cash flows and adjusted the gross carrying amount of those loans in 
accordance with IFRS 9 paragraph B5.4.6. as the change in expected cash flows is not related to credit risk 
and therefore is not recognised as expected credit losses.  
The comparative data as of 1 January 2020 and 31 December 2020 and for the period from 1 January to 31 
December 2020 have been restated accordingly. The recognition of the impact of legal risk related to repaid 
loans remained unchanged. 
The above change did not affect the equity and the income statements of the Group and the Bank in the 
comparative periods presented in these financial statements. The data on capital ratios for comparative 
periods remained unchanged. 
Detailed restatements are presented in Note 2.31 of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The following tables present consolidated financial data of the Group as of and for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 and as of and for the nine-month periods ended 30 September 2022 
and 30 September 2021. They were derived from the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements and the Q3 
2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.   
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Income Statements 
 
Year ended  
31 December  
Nine months ended  
30 September 
 
2021 
2020  
2022 
2021 
 
(PLN thousands) 
(PLN thousands) 
Interest income.............................................................................  
4,431,737 
4,688,353 
5,918,609 
3,139,989 
Interest expenses ..........................................................................  
(327,694) 
(679,053) 
(2,006,675) 
(226,712) 
Net interest income ....................................................................  
4,104,043 
4,009,300 
3,911,934 
2,913,277

--- Page 166 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 166 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
Year ended  
31 December  
Nine months ended  
30 September 
 
2021 
2020  
2022 
2021 
Fee and commission income ........................................................  
2,714,896 
2,244,561 
2,306,190 
1,991,195 
Fee and commission expenses .....................................................  
(824,875) 
(736,276) 
(631,040) 
(591,128) 
Net fee and commission income ................................................  
1,890,021 
1,508,285 
1,675,150 
1,400,067 
Dividend income ..........................................................................  
5,046 
4,926 
5,113 
4,869 
Net trading income.......................................................................  
96,890 
184,752 
70,087 
133,782 
Gains or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair 
value through profit or loss ..........................................................  
4,608 
15,572 
(57,809) 
(9,429) 
Gains or losses on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities 
not measured at fair value through profit or loss ..........................  
93,690 
93,527 
(57,236) 
93,229 
Other operating income ................................................................  
232,384 
218,052 
214,114 
164,642 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss ................................  
(873,226) 
(1,225,642) 
(623,721) 
(578,240) 
Costs of legal risk related to foreign currency loans ....................  
(2,758,079) 
(1,021,714) 
(2,682,168) 
(751,624) 
Overhead costs .............................................................................  
(2,020,629) 
(1,980,500) 
(2,334,402) 
(1,530,121) 
Depreciation .................................................................................  
(436,254) 
(430,628) 
(353,691) 
(331,263) 
Other operating expenses .............................................................  
(320,898) 
(234,820) 
(375,967) 
(220,380) 
Operating profit / (loss) .............................................................  
17,596 
1,141,110 
(608,596) 
1,288,809 
Taxes on the Group balance sheet items ......................................  
(608,627) 
(531,379) 
(503,848) 
(444,580) 
Profit / (loss) before income tax ................................................  
(591,031) 
609,731 
(1,112,444) 
844,229 
Income tax expense ......................................................................  
(587,782) 
(505,974) 
(424,618) 
(391,914) 
Net profit / (loss) .........................................................................  
(1,178,813) 
103,757 
(1,537,062) 
452,315 
Net profit / (loss) attributable to: ..............................................  
 
 
 
 
Owners of mBank S.A. ..............................................................  
(1,178,753) 
103,831 
(1,537,207) 
452,363 
Non-controlling interests..............................................................  
(60) 
(74) 
145 
(48) 
 
Source: mBank S.A. Group Audited 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, mBank S.A. Group Unaudited Q3 2022 Condensed 
Consolidated Financial Statements.  
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
Year ended  
31 December 
Nine months ended  
30 September 
2021 
2020 
2022 
2021 
(PLN thousands) 
(PLN thousands) 
Net profit / (loss) ................................................................  
(1,178,813) 
103,757 
(1,537,062) 
452,315 
Other comprehensive income net of tax, including:  
(1,788,889) 
407,791 
(712,772) 
(597,227) 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income 
statement 
 
 
 
 
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (net) 
4,898 
3,043 
11,469 
1,997 
Cash flow hedges (net) ........................................................  
(919,332) 
299,988 
(416,490) 
(371,200) 
Change in valuation of debt instruments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (net).......................................  
(892,950) 
111,012 
(307,751) 
(239,460) 
Items that will not be reclassified to the income statement 
 
 
 
 
Actuarial gains and losses relating to post-employment benefits 
(net) .....................................................................................  
7,059 
(6,252) 
- 
- 
Investment properties ..........................................................  
11,436 
- 
- 
11,436 
Total comprehensive income (net) ...................................  
(2,967,702) 
511,548 
(2,249,834) 
(144,912) 
Total comprehensive income (net), attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
Owners of mBank S.A.........................................................  
(2,967,642) 
511,622 
(2,249,979) 
(144,864) 
Non-controlling interests .....................................................  
(60) 
(74) 
145 
(48) 
 
Source: mBank S.A. Group Audited 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, mBank S.A. Group Unaudited Q3 2022 Condensed 
Consolidated Financial Statements.

--- Page 167 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 167 - 
70-41040845 
 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 
 
As of  
30 September 
2022  
As of 
31 December  
2021 
As of 
31 December  
2020* 
 
(PLN thousands) 
(PLN thousands) 
(PLN thousands) 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with the Central Bank ....................................... 
20,488,126 
12,202,266 
3,968,691 
Financial assets held for trading and hedging derivatives ............... 
3,410,380 
2,589,076 
2,586,721 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss, including: ................................................................. 
1,109,868 
1,417,191 
1,784,691 
   Equity instruments ...................................................................... 
174,101 
224,389 
202,304 
   Debt securities ............................................................................. 
43,308 
81,128 
76,068 
   Loans and advances to customers ................................................ 
892,459 
1,111,674 
1,506,319 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
20,726,003 
36,206,059 
35,498,061 
Financial assets at amortised cost, including: 
153,460,310 
140,296,538 
130,179,902 
   Debt securities ............................................................................. 
19,056,147 
16,164,103 
15,952,501 
   Loans and advances to banks ...................................................... 
9,654,087 
7,229,681 
7,354,268 
   Loans and advances to customers ................................................ 
124,750,076 
116,902,754 
106,873,133 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of 
interest rate risk .............................................................................. 
1,897,835 
1,055,478 
- 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale . 
31,247 
31,247 
- 
Intangible assets ............................................................................. 
1,323,417 
1,283,953 
1,178,698 
Tangible assets ............................................................................... 
1,464,949 
1,542,250 
1,514,577 
Investment properties ..................................................................... 
140,372 
127,510 
- 
Current income tax assets ............................................................... 
21,034 
28,147 
23,957 
Deferred income tax assets ............................................................. 
1,868,266 
1,392,350 
853,880 
Other assets .................................................................................... 
1,639,165 
1,366,820 
1,282,439 
Total assets .................................................................................... 
207,580,972 
199,538,885 
178,871,617 
LIABILITIES & EQUITY 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading and hedging derivatives ......... 
3,006,258 
2,011,182 
1,338,564 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost, including: ............ 
187,309,135 
179,348,925 
156,673,052 
   Amounts due to banks ................................................................. 
1,685,276 
3,359,558 
2,399,740 
   Amounts due to customers .......................................................... 
173,304,623 
159,935,129 
137,698,668 
   Debt securities issued .................................................................. 
9,511,485 
13,429,782 
13,996,317 
   Subordinated liabilities ................................................................ 
2,807,751 
2,624,456 
2,578,327 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of 
interest rate risk .............................................................................. 
6,887 
110,033 
59,624 
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale ... 
7,340 
7,425 
- 
Provisions ....................................................................................... 
1,385,323 
811,455 
501,691 
Current income tax liabilities ......................................................... 
436,793 
61,910 
225,796 
Deferred income tax liabilities ....................................................... 
94 
89 
690 
Other liabilities ............................................................................... 
3,950,208 
3,469,950 
3,397,133 
Total liabilities .............................................................................. 
196,102,038 
185,820,969 
162,196,550 
Total equity ................................................................................... 
11,478,934 
13,717,916 
16,675,067 
Total liabilities and equity ........................................................... 
207,580,972 
199,538,885 
178,871,617 
* Restated.  
Source: mBank S.A. Group Audited 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, mBank S.A. Group Unaudited Q3 2022 Condensed 
Consolidated Financial Statements.

--- Page 168 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 168 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
 
Items from Consolidated Cash Flow Statements 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
Nine months ended  
30 September 
 
2021 
2020* 
2022 
2021 
 
(PLN thousands) 
(PLN thousands) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the reporting period 
4,249,046 
8,279,388 
12,540,599 
4,249,046 
Cash flows from operating activities ............................................  
10,803,934 
1,328,005 
12,372,518 
21,058,578 
Cash flows from investing activities ............................................  
(508,006) 
(444,346) 
(347,951) 
(410,142) 
Cash flows from financing activities ............................................  
(1,994,726) 
(4,944,884) 
(3,973,600) 
(60,110) 
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ...  
(9,649) 
30 883 
172,739 
36,635 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the reporting period .......  
12,540,599 
4,249,046 
20,764,305 
24,874,007 
Net increase/decrease in cash and cash equivalents .....................  
8,301,202 
(4,061,225) 
8,050,967 
20,588,326 
* Restated.  
 
Source: mBank S.A. Group Audited 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, mBank S.A. Group Unaudited Q3 2022 Condensed 
Consolidated Financial Statements.  
Capital Adequacy 
The Group is required to comply with the following regulations when calculating, among others, its capital 
ratios, its own funds and its total capital requirement: 
• 
the CRR Regulation; 
• 
the ITS Regulation; 
• 
the Banking Law; 
• 
the Act on Macroprudential Supervision of the Financial System and Crisis Management of 5 
August 2015; and 
• 
the Regulation of the Minister of Development and Finance of 25 May 2017 on credit exposures 
secured by mortgages on real estate property. 
The entities included in the scope of prudential consolidation according to the rules of the CRR Regulation 
are taken into account in the process of calculating the consolidated own funds and the own funds 
requirements. 
The table below presents selected data concerning capital ratios of the Group as at the dates indicated below. 
 
31 December 
30 September 
 
2021 
2020 
2022 
2021 
 
(per cent.) 
(per cent.) 
Total capital ratio ....................................................................  
16.58 
19.86 
14.7 
17.5 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio/Tier 1 capital ratio ..........  
14.16 
16.99 
12.1 
15.2 
 
Source: mBank S.A. Group Audited 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, mBank S.A. Group Unaudited Q3 2022 Condensed 
Consolidated Financial Statements.

--- Page 169 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 169 - 
70-41040845 
 
Key Financial Ratios 
The table below presents selected financial ratios for the Group (except LCR and NSFR, which are 
presented for the Bank) as at the dates and for the periods indicated below. 
 
 
As of and for the year 
ended  
31 December 
As of and for  
nine months ended 30 
September  
 
2021 
2020 
2022 
2021 
 
(per cent.) 
(per cent.) 
ROE gross ...................................................................................................  
-3.6 
3.6 
-11.1 
6.7 
ROE net .......................................................................................................  
-7.2 
0.6 
-15.3 
3.6 
ROA net ......................................................................................................  
-0.59 
0.06 
-1.00 
0.31 
Cost to income ratio (C/I) ............................................................................  
40.2 
41.1 
49.7 
41.5 
Net interest margin (NIM) ...........................................................................  
2.1 
2.3 
3.6 
2.1 
Non-performing loans ratio (NPL ratio) ......................................................  
3.9 
4.8 
4.0 
4.0 
NPL ratio – corporate portfolio ...................................................................  
4.7 
6.5 
4.8 
5.1 
NPL ratio – retail portfolio ..........................................................................  
3.4 
3.7 
3.7 
3.4 
NPL ratio of mortgage loan portfolio to private individuals (Poland) .........  
1.7 
1.7 
2.1 
1.7 
NPL Coverage ratio .....................................................................................  
53.1 
58.3 
51.9 
57.2 
Cost of risk ..................................................................................................  
0.76 
1.19 
0.70  
0.69 
Loan-to-deposit ratio ...................................................................................  
73.8 
78.8 
72.5 
72.9 
Equity to assets............................................................................................  
6.9 
9.3 
5.5 
7.9 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)1 ................................................................  
203 
202 
184 
260 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)2 ..............................................................  
152 
138 
143 
155 
 _______________  
Source: The Bank. 
1 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) – a relation of liquid assets of the liquidity buffer to the expected net outflows within 30 calendar 
days. 
2 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) – a relation of own funds and stable liabilities ensuring stable financing to illiquid assets and 
receivables requiring stable financing.

--- Page 170 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 170 - 
70-41040845 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
Overview 
The Group is one of the largest financial services groups in Poland providing retail, corporate and 
investment banking as well as other financial services. The Group's leading positions are confirmed by data 
published by the KNF and the NBP, as well as by Fitch publications ''Rating and Rynek'' or PRNews.pl 
reports. After the first half of 2022, the Group was the fifth largest banking group in the Polish market in 
terms of total assets, customer loans and deposits according to the financial statements published by Polish 
banks. Furthermore, the Group has leading positions in Poland in mobile and internet banking, brokerage, 
factoring, leasing and distribution of insurance products. 
Despite strong competition in the Polish financial sector, the Bank's client base has grown almost entirely 
organically, reaching 5,514,613 retail clients (including 1,026,851 in the Czech Republic and Slovakia) and 
31,315 corporate customers as of 31 December 2021. In the first nine months of 2022, the number of retail 
customers increased to 5,645,927 (including 1,041,556 in the Czech Republic and Slovakia). The number 
of corporate customers at the end of September 2022 reached 33,014. 
The main products and services which the Group provides to retail customers, including private banking 
customers, comprise, in particular, current and saving accounts, business accounts for microbusinesses, 
credit products, deposit products, payment cards, investment products, insurance products (including 
bancassurance products), brokerage services, and leasing for microbusinesses. The Group offers a wide 
variety of credit products to its retail customers, including consumer loans, mortgage loans and brokerage 
lines. On the deposit side, the Bank focuses on savings and current accounts as well as term deposits. The 
Bank also offers its retail customers brokerage products, investment funds, transaction services and foreign 
exchange services. 
The Bank has replicated its retail banking model in foreign markets. In 2007, the Bank launched operations 
in the Czech Republic and Slovakia, focusing initially on transactional and deposit products and then 
expanding also into non-mortgage and mortgage loans as the bank has been able to establish and develop 
strong client relationships. At the end of 2014, mBank launched the new mobile application for clients of 
its foreign branches in the Czech Republic and Slovakia, building on its success in the domestic market. As 
a result, mBank in the Czech Republic and Slovakia is a fully fledged retail bank representing a successful 
extension of the Polish model. 
The Group's range of products and services for corporate clients is focused on transactional banking 
products and services (primarily business accounts, local and foreign transfers, payment cards, cash services 
and liquidity management products). They are combined with business financing products which are used 
as a means for maintaining long-term banking relationships with clients and a platform for cross-selling 
more sophisticated non-capital intensive products and services (such as hedging instruments, services 
relating to the equity capital markets ("ECM"), debt capital markets ("DCM") and mergers and acquisitions 
("M&A"), as well as factoring and leasing). 
The Management Board of the Bank believes that the Bank's distribution concept for its clients combines 
the most technologically advanced solutions adapted for the Polish banking market and the current and 
future operating environment, including internet and mobile-based tools (such as its retail banking platform 
and corporate banking internet platform "mBank CompanyNet"), premium service quality and a mid-sized 
physical distribution network located throughout Poland. The Bank relies mainly on mobile and online 
distribution channels supported by a network of branches and the Contact Centre. 
The physical distribution network of the Bank in Poland at the end of 2021 was composed of (i) its own 
organically grown countrywide retail network of 133 locations of mBank branded outlets and 189 outlets 
comprising mKiosk outlets, mFinanse Financial Centres and agency service points, as well as (ii) 29 fully 
fledged corporate branches and 14 corporate offices located in the largest cities throughout Poland. 
The Bank is constantly optimising its branch network, taking into account the economic rationale for 
operations of particular outlets. 
As of 30 September 2022, the Bank's distribution network in Poland included: (i) its own organically grown 
countrywide retail network of 131 locations of mBank branded outlets and 188 outlets comprising mKiosk

--- Page 171 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 171 - 
70-41040845 
 
outlets, mFinanse Financial Centres and agency service points; as well as (ii) 29 corporate branches and 14 
corporate offices. 
The internet and mobile transaction platform supported by branch-light model gives the Group a low fixed 
cost base and a high degree of operating flexibility. 
History 
The Bank was established in 1986 under the business name of Bank Rozwoju Eksportu SA. The State 
Treasury of the Republic of Poland and the NBP were among its founding shareholders. The Bank was 
originally dedicated solely to serving corporate customers and focused on granting foreign currency loans 
to Polish exporters for the purchase of investment goods and technology. 
Following its initial public offering in 1992, under which the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland sold 
a portion of its shareholding, the Bank's shares were admitted to trading on the regulated market operated 
by the WSE. 
In 1994, the Bank signed a strategic partnership agreement with Commerzbank, which purchased 21 per 
cent. of the Bank's shares. Subsequently the Bank's share capital was increased. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Commerzbank holds shares representing 69.2 per cent. of the Bank's share capital and of the 
total number of votes at the Bank's General Shareholders' Meeting. 
In 1998, the Bank merged with Polski Bank Rozwoju S.A. ("PBR") following the acquisition of PBR's 
shares in a public tender offer. 
In 2000, the Bank started its retail operations by launching mBank, a fully internet-based bank, which was 
a pioneering project in the Polish market. During the first decade of the 21st century, it has managed to 
become the leading online bank in Poland in terms of the number of accounts and has developed a network 
of small branches. 
In 2001, the Bank added a second retail brand, MultiBank, a high street bricks-and-mortar bank. MultiBank 
offered a broad range of products and services targeted at affluent customers and micro-businesses seeking 
a high-quality, personalised service. 
In November 2007, the Bank expanded into the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Systematically developing 
the product range and introducing convenient transactional solutions, mBank has become a recognised 
brand in both countries. At the end of September 2022, the Bank provided services to 1,041,556 customers 
in the Czech Republic and Slovakia through its internet and mobile platforms and 45 branches. 
The rebranding of the "BRE Bank" and "MultiBank" brands as the "mBank" brand on 25 November 2013 
represented a significant milestone for The Group; and "mBank" branding has subsequently been used in 
every market and in every area of the Bank's operations. As part of the rebranding process, most Group 
companies have also changed their names by adding the prefix "m". The principal objective of the 
rebranding was to create a coherent banking offer across all businesses previously represented by distinctive 
brands, including BRE Bank, mBank, MultiBank as well as BRE Private Banking & Wealth Management. 
In 2014, the Bank entered into a strategic co-operation arrangement with the AXA Group. In March 2015, 
the Group sold its insurance subsidiary, BRE Ubezpieczenia TUiR, to the AXA Group and entered into 
agreements with the AXA Group which regulated long-term co-operation between the Bank and the AXA 
Group for the distribution of life and non-life insurance products. In April 2021, AXA companies co-
operating with mBank were incorporated into the UNIQA Group. mBank continues to develop co-operation 
with UNIQA in the field of bancassurance. 
In October 2015, the Bank conducted a successful migration of customers of the former MultiBank and 
customers of Private Banking to the Bank. Approximately 630,000 customers, along with their products 
and full transaction history, were moved onto the Bank's new platform. 
Since mid-2016, the Bank has been guided by its "Mobile Bank" strategy, which was based on three pillars 
and forms a framework for the Bank's business initiatives and operational activities. These pillars are client-
centricity (empathy), developing the Bank's competitive advantage in the area of mobility and continued 
efficiency improvements.

--- Page 172 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 172 - 
70-41040845 
 
In 2017, the Bank funded its mAccelerator project by purchasing PLN 221.2 million of investment 
certificates in the Future Tech FIZ Closed-End Investment Fund (the "Fund"). The Fund is the Bank's EUR 
50 million venture capital fund, launched in June 2017. As of 30 September 2022, the Bank held 98.04 per 
cent. of the Fund's investment certificates. The Fund engages in seed as well as later-stage investments in 
start-ups with solutions applicable to the banking and financial sectors, with a current focus on 
cybersecurity, biometry, robotic process automation, artificial intelligence and digital marketing (including 
chatbots and messengers). 
In 2018, the Bank refreshed its online banking for individuals and SMEs (except for mBank CompanyNet 
addressed to corporate clients). The Bank also changed and added new features to its mobile application 
launched in February 2014. Focusing on new challenges and maximising efficiency, the Bank launched e-
commerce services via mElements – a company specialising in innovative banking application 
programming interface (API) solutions. mElements maintains mBank's API platform, which was created 
as a result of the EU PSD 2, and uses its established know-how to expand the Group's offer. In 2020, 
mElements and mBank implemented the Paynow payment gateway. It is an online payment system for e-
commerce that uses cloud solutions. 
In December 2019, the Management Board of mBank adopted and the Supervisory Board approved the 
new Strategy of the Group for 2020-2023, titled "Growth fuelled by our clients", which focussed on the 
following areas: client (acquisition and development of long-term relationships); platform (ecosystem, user 
experience); efficiency (operational); and employees and organisation culture. 
In December 2020, the Management Board of mBank decided to establish its own investment fund 
company under the name of mTowarzystwo Funduszy Inwestycyjnych Spółka Akcyjna (mTFI S.A.). mTFI 
will complement the existing mutual funds supermarket, where customers can purchase units of more than 
250 funds. The company was founded on 8 April 2021. The Bank acquired 100 per cent. of the shares of 
mTFI S.A., representing 100 per cent. of the voting rights. 
On 29 October 2021, the Management Board of mBank adopted, and the Supervisory Board approved, the 
new Strategy of mBank Group for 2021-2025 entitled "From an icon of mobility to an icon of possibility". 
While preparing the new strategy, the Group took into account, among others, expected economic and 
market prospects, regulatory requirements, technological progress, evolution of consumer behaviour and 
its dynamics, local constraints and internal conditions. 
Competitive Strengths 
Leading Market Position across Key Segments 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group's market share in total assets of the Polish banking sector was 7.8 per 
cent. according to monthly data published by the KNF. The Group has a leading position in retail, corporate 
and investment banking in Poland. As of 31 December 2021, the market share of the Group in total loans 
to the non-financial sector was 7.9 per cent., while the Group's share in total deposits of the non-financial 
sector was 8.8 per cent. according to monthly data published by the NBP on the assets and liabilities of 
monetary financial institutions. 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group's market share in retail loans was 7.9 per cent. (8.4 per cent. in 
mortgage loans and 7.1 per cent. in non-mortgage loans), while the Group's market share in retail deposits 
was 8.3 per cent. according to monthly data published by the NBP on the assets and liabilities of monetary 
financial institutions. 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group's market share in corporate loans and corporate deposits was 8.2 per 
cent. and 10.7 per cent., respectively (based on NBP figures). Furthermore, the Bank has been consistently 
ranked as one of the leading banks providing investment banking services in Poland. According to Fitch 
Newsletter, as of 30 November 2021 the Bank was ranked second in the market for arranging bank debt 
securities, fourth in the market for providing corporate bonds and was fifth in the market for providing 
short-term debt securities. The Bank is also ranked among the leading government debt securities primary 
dealers by the Polish Ministry of Finance (the Bank was ranked first in the Treasury Dealers ranking in 
2021), as well as money market dealers by the NBP.

--- Page 173 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 173 - 
70-41040845 
 
As of 30 September 2022, the Group's market share in retail loans and retail deposits was 8.3 per cent. and 
8.7 per cent. respectively (based on NBP figures). The Group's market share in corporate loans and 
corporate deposits was 8.1 per cent. and 11.1 per cent. respectively.  
Mobile banking icon 
mBank remains the leader in mobile banking in Poland. Nominally, the Bank has the second largest number 
of active users of mobile applications according to a PRNews.pl report, but it has the highest share of active 
users of mobile applications in relation to the personal accounts database. As of 31 December 2021, the 
number of active users of the mBank’s mobile application was 2,960 thousand (including 2,588 thousand 
in Poland) compared with 2,577 thousand users (including 2,274 users in Poland) as of 31 December 2020. 
Between January and September 2022, the number of active users of the mBank’s mobile application 
increased by 165 thousand and reached 3,125 thousand (2,726 thousand in Poland) at the end of September 
2022. 
The use of mobile banking is developing at a faster pace than the acquisition of new customers. The Bank 
is also distinguished by growing client transaction rates. 
The Bank's "mobile first" model is: 
• 
"light", in the sense that it relies mainly on mobile and online distribution channels supported by a 
network of mBank branches and the Contact Centre; and 
• 
"tailored", in that it seeks to adjust to changing customer preferences (for example, increasingly 
customer contact with banking institutions is largely transferring to remote channels). The Bank 
employs digital channels for sales and client acquisition to a greater extent than competing banks in 
Poland, which have historically maintained a more traditional and outlet-based distribution model. 
Global trends such as mobility, self-service and e-commerce development will shape the expansion 
opportunities and expectations of customers in relation to distribution channels. Over the past years, mBank 
has already achieved significant progress in this area: the number of logins to mobile applications exceeded 
the number of logins to transactional services. The dynamic of sales in digital channels is significantly 
higher than the dynamic of business growth in general. Increasing numbers of customers take cash loans 
through the mobile application. Share of the mobile application in the sale of non-mortgage loans increased 
to 42 per cent. at the end of 2021 and to 54 per cent. at the end of September 2022 compared with 33 per 
cent. in 2020. mBank's investment platform - the Investment Fund Supermarket - is available in the mBank 
mobile application. mBank is the leader in Poland in terms of the number of mobile wallets offered to 
individual and business clients. The popularity of mobile cards has been growing year by year. All stand-
alone insurance products, including car, home, travel, and health and life insurance for clients and their 
close ones, are available in the mBank mobile application. 
In 2021, mBank released a new version of the CompanyMobile app dedicated to SMEs and corporates. Its 
clear interface and intuitive navigation allow users to manage their company’s finances and authorise 
transactions in a convenient manner. 
Light structure and contact channels 
Given its multi-channel approach, which has been designed to anticipate and follow the changing needs of 
clients, the Management Board believes that the Bank's current sales mix is already ahead of what is 
expected to be the pattern of distribution prevailing in the banking sector in the coming years, most 
importantly mobile, internet, video and call centre channels rapidly gaining importance as demonstrated by 
the sales levels of various banking products generated by these channels compared with traditional branches. 
The Bank promotes a self-service model in which retail customers operate their accounts via mobile 
banking, the internet and telephone banking, allowing the Bank to leverage its premium client access by 
proactively using modern real time marketing. 
mBank's customers highly appreciate the availability of financial services via remote channels (contact / 
interaction via chat, call centre and video calls) and the facilities that mBank provides for customers with 
disabilities (e.g. sign language communication).

--- Page 174 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 174 - 
70-41040845 
 
Favourable demographics 
mBank's innovative and unique business model puts the Bank in a good position to target young, aspiring, 
tech-savvy clients. 
Thanks to its digital approach from the start, mBank has been able to acquire younger customers (it is the 
first-choice bank for young clients), located in larger cities compared with other Polish banks. Acquisition 
of young customers is a strong factor determining future higher profitability of the client base as it gives 
the Bank a higher probability to be a first-choice bank when it comes to a serious financial decision. 
mBank's customer base will be ageing over next years, which will have a positive impact on its revenues. 
mBank's average client age is well below the age at which a bank's revenue per client reaches its maximum. 
Therefore, this demographic effect should be considered as a factor in mBank's value. The vast number of 
mBank clients will start or continue maturing in their financial life which is the main driver of future growth. 
The Bank believes that this puts it in a strong position to benefit from additional cross-selling opportunities 
with respect to banking and insurance products. The Bank believes that the maturity profile of the Bank's 
customer base provides a natural source for revenue growth as well as supporting the asset quality of the 
Group and the responsiveness of its clients to cross-selling initiatives. Moreover, mBank's mortgage clients 
live predominantly in urban areas and large cities of more than 100,000 residents. The Bank believes that 
its retail customer base consists of a high socio-economic demographic. 
As of 30 September 2022, the Group's retail customer base reached 5,645,927 compared with 5,514,613 as 
of 31 December 2021.  
Strong corporate and investment banking business 
The strong position of the Bank's corporate and investment banking business in Poland results primarily 
from its comprehensive offering of financial products and services, diversified distribution channels, 
including a branch and office network exclusively dedicated to corporate customers and an integrated 
mBank CompanyNet internet platform, as well as long-standing relationships with its customers. In 
addition to its standard range of corporate banking products and services, the Bank provides tailor-made 
product solutions to meet the increasingly complex demands of its clients. 
The Bank also operates a modern customer relationship management ("CRM") system which enables it to 
perform comprehensive analyses of corporate customers' potential and needs for banking products and 
services. The tool effectively supports the Bank's increasing cross-selling activities. 
The Bank's comprehensive cash management offer supports long-term relationships with clients. The Bank 
offers state-of-the-art solutions to facilitate planning, monitoring and management of most liquid assets, 
cash processing and electronic banking. 
The Bank's investment banking functions are integrated with its corporate banking functions in order to 
offer to its corporate clients fully integrated commercial banking products, services and solutions along 
with its investment banking services, such as ECM, DCM and M&A advisory services, and to build 
potential for the future extension of its integrated corporate and investment banking offer to medium-sized 
corporate clients. The Bank's investment banking products and services, as well as commercial lending 
products, structured finance and market risk hedging instruments complement its core transactional banking 
products offered to corporate clients. The Bank introduces new products to the offer on a regular basis and 
pays special attention to providing remote access to its services. 
The Group's corporate customer base has grown from 29,083 clients as of 31 December 2020 to 31,315 
clients as of 31 December 2021 and 33,014 as of 30 September 2022. 
Unique, award-winning, high-tech, branch-light platform underpins the Bank's rapid growth of 
operations and gives the Group a competitive advantage 
The Bank has built an advanced, innovative and versatile high-tech internet and mobile transaction platform 
that is adapted for the banking market where the Bank is present and the current and future operating 
environment. 
The Bank has an innovative, integrated and reliable IT platform. This platform architecture allows the Bank 
to develop and introduce new products, services and sales channels rapidly, inexpensively and with a low

--- Page 175 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 175 - 
70-41040845 
 
operational risk. The Bank's data warehouse gives fast, high-quality, detailed and aggregated reporting of 
service quality, network, customer and product profitability, risk performance, and employee performance. 
The Management Board believes that the Bank's flexible IT infrastructure will enable the Bank to manage 
its business expansion strategy. 
mBank's widely recognised operational excellence is based on the state-of-the-art user interface for online 
banking, next-generation mobile application and video banking, as well as real-time, event-driven CRM 
based on client behaviour patterns. The whole product offer is centred around the current account, with a 
broad spectrum of financial services accessible in just "one click", as the strategic aim of mBank is to be 
the most convenient transactional bank on the market. mBank's internet platform available to clients is 
modern, convenient, easy-to-access and user-friendly. The bank has also been systematically expanding the 
mobile application to provide customers with the possibility of managing their finances wherever they are. 
Giving priority to users' comfort, mBank regularly improves its offer and thus remains at the forefront of 
institutions introducing new solutions, such as BLIK, Google Pay and Apple Pay payments. mBank has 
been accompanying its customers in their everyday lives for 22 years, providing a wide range of additional 
services based on online or mobile banking. These involve, among others, the possibility to create a free-
of-charge trusted profile in mBank's transactional platform in order to handle administrative matters online 
in the public administration services, and the possibility to submit an application for the "Family 500+" 
benefit online. Further benefits include additional services, such as mOkazje (mDiscounts). 
The account-integrated internet transaction platform enables the Bank to provide real-time marketing and 
effectively cross-sell its products and services to its customers. The highly innovative and user-friendly 
internet and mobile platform allows the Bank to attract new clients to the Bank, while the ability to bundle 
new products and services to existing clients increases their loyalty to the Bank and supports client retention 
rates. 
Changed business conditions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic forced even faster 
implementation of innovative digital processes. mBank focused on enabling clients to finalise loan 
applications without leaving home. It translated into implementation of two key initiatives fulfilling this 
need: a possibility of confirming income in a cash loan, using the account information access service (AIS), 
introduced by the PSD2 directive for mBank's internal clients and a possibility to attach income documents 
for mBank loan products directly to the application. In mortgage processes, the Bank has introduced the 
option of submitting a loan application in a remote process without leaving home. The Bank also 
implemented online account opening with a selfie, remote account opening for corporate clients and an e-
commerce package which helps clients to build an internet shop, offer quick payments, and increase sales. 
The Bank has launched the mBox project to license its retail banking solutions to partners outside Poland. 
The licence scope included electronic platforms as well as products, processes and sales know-how. The 
first licence was bought in 2017 by La Banque Postale, owned by the French postal service company La 
Poste.  
mBank's widely recognised operational excellence is based on its state-of-the-art user interface for online 
banking, next-generation mobile applications, video banking and P2P payments via Facebook and text 
messaging, and real-time, event-driven CRM: targeted messages in online and mobile applications based 
on customer behaviour patterns. 
The Bank will develop its retail and corporate platforms. Customers will be able to sign an agreement, 
manage any product, and initiate any interaction with mBank without a need of personal meeting. 
Transactional platform mBank CompanyNet together with application mBank CompanyMobile will be the 
gateway to any product or service.  
The Bank's internet transaction platform and mobile banking have been recognised by both clients and 
external experts, as evidenced by a number of awards and distinctions. 
mBank was the winner of a competition organised by Global Finance magazine in the category "World's 
Best Corporate/Institutional Digital Banks in CEE" in 2019 and 2020. In the annual Euromoney Cash 
Management Survey, in which customers rate the quality of banking service, in 2020 the Bank took first 
place in the category of Best Overall Services in Poland.

--- Page 176 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 176 - 
70-41040845 
 
In 2021, mBank was named the Polish leader in the contest "The Best Treasury & Cash Management Banks 
and Providers 2021" by Global Finance. For several years mBank has been recognised by that magazine, 
among other transactional banking providers. Moreover, in 2021, the Bank for the seventh time has been 
announced the best digital bank for corporations in Poland by Global Finance. The jury of the contest 
awarded the Bank the title of the Best Corporate Digital Bank in Poland 2021. In the first quarter of 2022, 
mBank received three Mobile Trends Awards (MTA). The mBank Junior app won the main prize in MTA 
2021 and the first place in the Banking and Finance for Children category. In addition, the mBank app was 
ranked second by votes of clients. The Mobile Trends Awards are granted to mobile technology projects 
based on the criteria of innovation, creativity, flawlessness and customer-friendliness. In 2022, the Bank 
received awards in four categories in the Golden Banker 2022 league table organised by Bankier.pl and 
Puls Biznesu (1st place in the Mortgage Loan category, 1st place in the Cash Loan category, 3rd place in 
the Social Media category and distinction in the Secure Bank – Best Practice category). Moreover, the Bank 
was awarded by Global Finance as the Best Corporate Digital Bank in Poland 2022.   
The internet and mobile transaction platform support a branch-light model, thereby giving the Group a low 
fixed cost base and a high degree of operating flexibility. 
Prudent risk management 
The Group views risk management as an essential part of its activities. It has a decisive influence on the 
Bank's choice of business strategies, selection of target customers and optimisation of profitability versus 
risks. The quality of its risk management constitutes part of the Group's competitive advantage. The Group's 
risk management system, which conforms to the highest market standards, includes up-to-date methodology 
and procedures of risk identification and measurement, and tools supporting measurement and monitoring 
of risk with respect to individual types of inherent risks in the Group's business. 
The Group also considers that one of its competitive strengths is its efficient credit process and strict 
origination standards, both in respect of corporate and retail customers. At the end of 2021, the NPL ratio 
in the Group was 3.9 per cent., while the NPL ratio of the Polish banking sector, according to the KNF data, 
was 5.8 per cent. (for the retail loans, the ratios amounted to 3.4 per cent. for the Group and 5.1 per cent. 
for the sector). Despite difficult macroeconomic environment in 2022, the NPL ratio of the Group increased 
only marginally and reached 4.0 per cent. as of 30 September 2022. 
Nonetheless, the Group strives continuously to optimise its lending procedures and to manage and monitor 
individual customers' exposures actively. 
Experienced and dynamic management team driving a culture of innovation 
The Bank has a highly qualified, stable and experienced senior management team. The Management Board 
is chaired by Dr Cezary Stypułkowski, currently the longest serving CEO of a leading financial institution 
in Poland, with 13 years' experience as CEO at Bank Handlowy S.A. (currently Citibank Group), three 
years' experience at PZU S.A. and nearly 11 years' experience at the Bank. In March 2021, Cezary 
Stypułkowski was recognised in the top three of "Banker of the Year" by Forbes Polska Magazine. 
In addition, the Management Board comprises bankers with extensive experience of working in Polish and 
international financial institutions. 
The senior management team has a strong track record and has been instrumental in the development of the 
Bank's business model, its culture of innovation and in delivering the Group's high levels of profitability 
on a consistent basis. 
The Management Board and the Supervisory Board of the Bank apply the "Policy for the Assessment of 
Qualifications (Suitability), Appointment and Dismissal of Members of the Bank’s Body at mBank S.A. 
and Brokerage Office authorities.". The policy introduced the principles which must be fulfilled so that key 
functions in the Bank are held by individuals who have relevant qualifications, knowledge, skills, 
professional experience, predispositions and reputation. The Group's management strategy has helped the 
Group to maintain its leading position in the Polish banking market while consistently improving its 
financial performance amid a challenging economic environment marked by continued uncertainty in the 
financial markets globally.

--- Page 177 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 177 - 
70-41040845 
 
Competent employees 
mBank is "distinguished by people", and the commitment, competence and work input of its employees are 
the foundations of mBank's achievements. mBank's employees are relatively young: 39 per cent. are below 
the age of 35. They are well-educated: 81 per cent. are graduates of higher education institutions. Many 
employees undertake post-graduate and MBA studies, thus acquiring new professional qualifications. The 
Bank launched many programs and initiatives aimed at supporting its employees and teams. In 2021, the 
Bank started the implementation of the competences of the future program in the organization. These are: 
database competences, cybersecurity, critical thinking, artificial intelligence / machine learning / 
robotization, cloud solutions and creativity / innovation. Two platforms were created to enable employees 
to develop their competences of the future: Data Academy and the Security Academy. 
Highly motivated and involved employees, decision making and responsibility at lower levels of the 
organisation and an organisational culture based on openness, trust and empathy represent an important 
competitive advantage. 
The Ethics Officer helps to develop ethical standards for the bank and co-ordinates their execution, among 
others by issuing opinions on motions tabled to the Management Board, providing education to employees 
and supporting them in resolving ethical dilemmas. 
The Group supports employee motivation through the remuneration policy as well as in non-financial ways, 
for instance by opening opportunities for professional development. The incentive system plays a key role 
in the acquisition and retention of competent human resources, necessary to build our competitive 
advantage. 
Commerzbank as the strategic shareholder of the Group 
Commerzbank is the principal shareholder of the Bank. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Commerzbank holds shares representing 69.2 per cent. of the Bank's share capital and of the total number 
of votes at the General Shareholders' Meeting. Commerzbank is a leading bank for the German Mittelstand 
and a strong partner for corporate client groups and private and small-business customers in Germany. 
Commerzbank offers a comprehensive portfolio of financial services in the two business segments "Private 
and Small-Business Customers" and "Corporate Clients". The bank focuses on the German Mittelstand, 
large companies and institutional clients. In international business, the bank supports clients who have 
business links with Germany and companies in selected future-oriented industries. Commerzbank is present 
internationally in almost 40 countries in the corporate clients' business. Following the integration of 
comdirect, which was merged into Commerzbank in November 2020, private and small-business customers 
will benefit from the services offered by one of Germany’s most advanced online banks combined with 
personal advisory support on site. 
On the domestic market, Commerzbank manages its branch network serving all customer groups from its 
headquarters in Frankfurt am Main. Outside Germany, the bank is active through its subsidiaries, branches 
and representative offices and is represented in all major financial centres, such as London, New York, 
Tokyo and Singapore. However, the focus of its international activities is on Europe. 
The Group benefits from its relationship with Commerzbank as its strategic shareholder. A technical co-
operation agreement gives mBank access to the network of Commerzbank and its correspondent banks 
around the world. In addition, Commerzbank offers its know-how to mBank under separate agreements, 
enabling co-operation in many areas, e.g., co-operation in serving international clients (including 
Commerzbank clients), compliance and money laundering prevention or shared reporting systems in 
accounting and controlling. In the key area of risk control, the co-operation concerns especially the 
exchange of experiences regarding the implementation of new European regulations (for example, product 
development, risk management and access to global capital markets) and access to foreign exchange-
denominated funding provided by Commerzbank. Moreover, the Bank obtained a subordinated loan from 
Commerzbank in the amount of CHF 250 million. 
Strategy of mBank Group for 2021-2025 
On 29 October 2021, the Management Board of the Bank adopted, and the Bank's Supervisory Board 
approved, the new Strategy of mBank Group for 2021-2025 entitled "From an icon of mobility to an icon 
of possibility". The new strategy replaced the Group's strategy for 2020-2023 entitled "Growth fuelled by

--- Page 178 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 178 - 
70-41040845 
 
our clients". Whilst preparing the new strategy, the Group took into account, among other things, expected 
economic and market prospects, regulatory requirements, technological progress, evolution of consumer 
behaviour and its dynamics, local constraints and internal conditions.  
The Bank believes that the Group's strategy will contribute to strengthening of its position by focusing on 
fundamental banking values such as stability, security and secrecy. 
The Group's s strategy is based on the following seven guiding principles:  
• 
understanding the needs of customers in their life cycle and calibrating products adequately to support 
them effectively; 
• 
helping customers to keep their finances in order by providing them with financial management 
capabilities and regularly improving these functionalities; 
• 
improving mobile access through being the core medium/channel for interaction with the customer; 
• 
ensuring the security of customers' payments and customers' assets placed with the Bank; 
• 
committing to banking secrecy and the Group's promise to protect customer information, personal data 
and financial profile of customers' activities; 
• 
offering a deep experience for the Group's customers in e-commerce; and  
• 
executing the Group's ESG strategy focused on the Group's responsibility for climate, society and the 
financial health of customers. 
mBank Group's strategy for 2021-2025 focuses on five areas: 
• 
Retail banking: The Group aspires to be a leading retail banking franchise integrated with the needs 
of customers in their life cycle. The Bank's successful organic growth is expected to continue to be 
fuelled by the acquisition of new (primarily young) clients and the keeping of the existing client base. 
The Group will be organised around demographic segments to develop a comprehensive offer and a 
value proposition responding closely to needs arising at different phases of the customer lifecycle. The 
Bank will focus on mortgage lending expansion (through a revised underwriting process), its 
comprehensive investment offering (via its own newly-established TFI), personal financial 
management (PFM) tools and offering of non-banking services. With a reinforced mobile-first 
approach, the Bank's contact channels will be aligned to focus on remote access and digital sales. The 
Bank will support entrepreneurs and small firms by providing them with industry-customised 
expertise and an integrated platform for managing their different business-related activities. 
• 
E-commerce: The Bank aspires to be the preferred bank for merchants and online shops, as well as a 
favourite platform for customers making on-line purchases. The Group wants its payment integrator 
Paynow to gain a significant share in processing online transactional volumes. The Group is planning 
to extend the range of value-added services and financing tailored for online sellers with a view to 
increase the importance of their relationships with mBank and cooperate with them in the most 
important parts of their e-commerce activity. The Bank also plans to modernise and extend the existing 
mDiscounts (mOkazje) platform. 
• 
Corporate banking: The Group wants to grow its corporate banking business, optimising exposures 
towards higher profitability. The Group will initiate, develop and intensify cooperation with 
companies from prospective industries and the fastest growing sectors of the economy, in alignment 
with the Group's ESG strategy. A greater focus on the SME segment will allow the Group to progress 
its e-commerce offering. The Bank is planning to provide the premium end-to-end digital banking 
experience for corporates in Poland in order to further improve customer satisfaction and internal 
efficiency. The Bank will also redesign its credit process so as to support business development as 
well as ensuring prudent risk management. In parallel, the Group intends to strengthen relationships 
with its customers through additional knowledge-based services and through the assistance of top-
rated advisers and in-depth industry expertise. 
• 
Technology, security and data: One of the Group's primary goals is to provide to customers high 
quality services and solutions delivered with high availability and security. By being cloud-ready, the 
Group will maintain its technological advantage in the financial sector which should in turn boost 
flexibility, foster innovation in business applications, shorten time-to-market and enlarge the 
scalability of used technology. The Bank will strive to prioritise continuous development of a multi-
layer cybersecurity defence model and the assurance of data secrecy. The Bank aims to offer the 
highest possible security with respect to its mobile application and to deliver the most secure and

--- Page 179 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 179 - 
70-41040845 
 
client-friendly identity confirmation process across all digital channels. At the same time, the Group 
plans to employ artificial intelligence and data science to support the creation of innovative customer 
products and better risk assessment, as well as to increase the effectiveness of internal systems and 
workflows. 
• 
Employees and organisation culture: The Group aims to create a culture where cooperation is based 
on trust, with the intention to give people a comfortable space to experiment, innovate and make bold 
decisions. The Group is planning to develop a best-in-class hybrid work environment. The Bank's 
managers will acquire practical skills in managing distributed teams, while the employees will take 
advantage of new communication and collaboration technology. The Group will make people 
capabilities a competitive advantage for the company through a strengths-based approach to leverage 
individual talents and focus on future skills needed for the organisation to succeed. The Group will 
amend the remuneration scheme to make it attractive from the employee perspective and supporting 
company objectives. 
Strategic financial targets of the Group for 2025 
The Group seeks to maintain its position among the top Polish banks not only in terms of business growth 
but also in key financial metrics. In the coming years, the Group's profitability should systematically 
improve due to rising revenues, effective cost discipline and a prudent approach to risk management.  
The Group aims to optimise the balance sheet of the Group from both profitability and structural 
perspectives. In particular, the Group intends to constantly increase the share of higher yielding assets (retail 
and SME loans) and maintain diversification of funding sources (in terms of maturity, currency and 
products). Such changes, together with interest rate hikes, should result in increased margins. Consequently, 
the management predicts that the return generated for the shareholders will be attractive compared to other 
players in the Polish banking sector. 
The activities of the Group in 2021-2025 will be focused on achieving the following strategic financial 
targets: 
Efficiency 
▪ 
Cost/Income ratio ("C/I"): ~40 per cent. in 2025. 
Stability 
▪ 
Capital ratios: significantly above the KNF requirements – under the current regulatory regime and 
adopted assumptions with year-end Tier 1 capital ratio at least 2.5 per cent. above the minimum. 
▪ 
Cost of risk ("COR"): ~0.80 per cent. in the mid-term perspective. 
Growth 
▪ 
Average annual growth rate (CAGR) between 2021 and 2025 at: ~8 per cent. for loans, ~8-9 per cent. 
for deposits and ~9-10 per cent. for total revenues. 
Profitability 
▪ 
Net interest margin ("NIM"): ~2.5 per cent. in 2025. 
▪ 
Return on equity ("ROE"): above 10 per cent. in 2025. 
The Bank's long-term goal is to pay 50 per cent. of net profit as a dividend. The adopted policy allows for 
keeping capital ratios at the safe levels. 
The above assumptions and strategic goals do not constitute a forecast or estimate of results, including 
financial ones, and are only information on the planned areas of the Bank's activities and potential directions 
of development for 2021-2025. 
The financial targets for 2025 reflect a base scenario for the Group's development, and they may be affected 
both positively and negatively by a number of factors. 
Upside potential to the basic revenue trajectory and profitability may stem from: 
• 
faster and bigger interest rate hikes than assumed in the financial plan; 
• 
higher dynamics of fee and commission income resulting from better contribution from new 
business/services and more adjustments to the price lists; and  
• 
considerably increased new mortgage loan production.

--- Page 180 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 180 - 
70-41040845 
 
On the negative side, the Group's financial performance and capital position may deteriorate due to: 
• 
adverse FX mortgage loan scenario and regulatory instability; 
• 
worsening macroeconomic conditions (lower GDP growth, high unemployment rate, lack of private 
investments) and unfavourable market development (PLN depreciation) impacting business volumes 
and risk profile; and 
• 
persistent inflation and tightening labour market putting pressure on cost base. 
ESG strategy of mBank Group  
The Sustainable Development Committee of the Group, which is headed by the Chief Risk Officer, 
supervises ESG management in the company, monitors ESG-related KPIs, oversees green bond issuances 
and the process of calculating our carbon footprint, facilitates implementation of the EU Taxonomy for 
Sustainable Finance and enhances non-financial reporting. The Group integrates ESG issues and standards 
into business, risk and management processes, assigns responsibility and sets ESG goals to the top 
management. The Group plans constantly to enhance ESG disclosure standards so as to be favourably 
viewed by the shareholders and the broader investment community. 
The Group's activities in the ESG area will be centred around four aspects: 
1. 
Responsibility for climate 
By 2050 the Bank aims to become a fully climate-neutral bank and by 2030 it plans to reach climate 
neutrality in scope 1 and 2. 
The Bank plans to limit direct emissions from company-owned and controlled resources as well as reduce 
indirect emissions from the generation of energy purchased by the Bank. The particular goals are to be 
defined every five years to reach net zero standards. 
The Bank is planning to promote green financing in both the corporate and retail segments of its business. 
The Bank intends to finance sustainable development, guide its clients in their energy transformation and 
encourage them to implement ESG standards in their business activities. The Bank intends to sell more 
mortgage loans collateralised on residential buildings that meet low carbon trajectory requirements. In the 
coming years, the Bank will increasingly prefer real estate investments reaching Net Zero Energy Building 
standard. The Bank plans to continue to provide ESG-compliant investment solutions for private banking 
customers and also to clients of the newly established investment fund company. The Group plans to 
introduce a special offer for small firms, favouring pro-ecological investments. By also launching other 
eco-friendly products, the Bank wants to be the first choice bank for customers looking for financing of 
eco-projects. 
In line with the strategy, the Bank joined the Science Based Targets Initiative. This organization will check 
whether the Bank's decarbonisation pathway is in line with the objectives of the Paris Climate Agreement, 
which set out a global framework to avoid dangerous climate change by limiting global warming. 
2. 
Responsibility for financial health of the Bank's clients 
Further to its aim to be an ethical, fair and transparent organisation, the Bank plans to educate and support 
its stakeholders in better understanding its offer, policies and activity. Prices and tariffs are expected to be 
communicated in a legible, comprehensible manner and to present in a transparent way the risks associated 
with specific financial products. The Bank plans to continue to promote safe online banking and personal 
data protection. The Group's services are to be further adjusted to the needs of people with various 
disabilities. To ensure equal access to banking services for everyone, the Bank plans to have in its offer a 
free basic account for those in need. 
3. 
Responsibility for being an organisation in line with ESG values 
The Bank wants to build an ESG-oriented working environment. The Bank aims to foster an ESG-focused 
mindset among its employees through the implementation of specific education and information 
programmes. The Bank aims to promote diversity, innovation, entrepreneurship, responsibility, cooperation 
and the adoption of hybrid work systems. The Bank aims to incorporate ESG bases and/or criteria into its 
business and employee processes, such as recruitment and succession, on-boarding, development activities, 
assessment of attitudes (feedback), methods of work and project management. In addition, the Bank aims 
to introduce a special code and incorporate ESG criteria in purchasing procedures. 
The Bank seeks to promote diversity and inclusiveness as integral parts of its structure and business, while 
contributing to improved business performance in a variety of aspects of the Group's business. The Bank

--- Page 181 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 181 - 
70-41040845 
 
would like to be a merit-based organisation. The Bank is committed to ensuring equal opportunity and a 
level playing field for all employees. Diversity is therefore a part of Bank's management competency model. 
The Bank is engaged in cooperation within the banking sector and with other organisations (e.g., trade 
associations and foreign aid banks) and takes part in initiatives supporting the achievement of Sustainable 
Development Goals at a local, national and global level. 
4. 
Responsibility for society 
The Bank plans to act for the financial and non-financial benefit of society through a variety of social and 
charitable initiatives, including, but not limited to, educational programmes for children and adolescents 
launched via its "mBank Foundation" and enabling support of NGOs and foundations via mBank's mobile 
application.  
The Bank plans to continue supporting and promoting young painters through a dedicated fund (m jak 
malarstwo) as well as its partnership with and sponsoring of the Great Orchestra of Christmas Charity 
(WOŚP).  
Active balance sheet management 
The Group seeks to diversify its balance sheet structure (both in terms of funding sources and tenors) and 
business activity to encompass a broad spectrum of products and customer segments within the Group. The 
Bank believes that a comprehensive approach to balance sheet management is based on three pillars of a 
healthy balance sheet: capital adequacy, stable funding and return on assets. The Group increased the share 
of higher yielding assets and customer deposits and maintained diversification of funding sources (in terms 
of maturity, currency and products). 
In the past, the Group's CHF mortgage loan portfolio was predominantly funded by long-term CHF-
denominated senior unsecured funding from Commerzbank and subordinated CHF-denominated bonds 
held by Commerzbank. 
The Group has significantly reduced its reliance on funding from Commerzbank and has diversified its 
funding profile by repaying maturing loans and replacing them with increasing amounts of stable deposits, 
and by issuing senior unsecured bonds and covered bonds through mBank Hipoteczny. 
In order to further diversify its funding profile by sources, geographical location and funding providers and 
to extend the maturities of its funding base, the Group intends to continue to focus on sourcing diversified, 
long-term and attractively priced funding by, in particular, issuing senior unsecured and subordinated bonds 
in domestic and international markets and covered bonds issued by mBank Hipoteczny. Strengthening the 
Group's funding self-reliance is also among the key goals of the funding strategy. The Bank intends to 
remain an active participant of the international market of debt instruments to fulfil the MREL requirement. 
The Bank will focus on issuance of non-preferred senior debt in EUR (under Green Bond Framework) and 
subordinated debt in PLN that are eligible funding from this perspective.  
The Bank has adopted a systematic approach to balance sheet management in order to improve the structure 
of its assets and liabilities and to secure a long-term, stable, diversified funding base. 
Operations 
The Group offers a broad range of retail, corporate and investment banking services and products to 
individual retail customers, micro-businesses, small and medium-sized companies, large corporations, non-
banking financial institutions and public sector entities (including large and medium-sized local 
governments). 
The Group conducts its business through different business segments, which offer specific products and 
services targeted at specific client groups and market segments. 
The Group currently conducts its operations through the following business segments: 
• 
The Retail Banking segment, which offers a full range of the products and services to individual 
customers, including Private Banking customers and micro-businesses. The key products and 
services offered to customers in this segment include lending products (mortgage loans, overdrafts, 
cash loans, car loans and credit cards), deposit products (current and savings accounts, term deposits), 
debit cards, insurance products, brokerage services, investment advice, asset management services

--- Page 182 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 182 - 
70-41040845 
 
and leasing services. The results of the Retail Banking segment include the results of foreign 
branches of mBank in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The Retail Banking segment also includes 
the results of mFinanse S.A., mFinanse CZ s.r.o., mFinanse SK s.r.o., LeaseLink Sp. z o.o. and 
mElements S.A., as well as the results of the retail segments of mLeasing Sp. z o.o., Asekum Sp. z 
o.o. and mBank Hipoteczny S.A. 
• 
The Corporate and Investment Banking segment, which offers financial services to small, medium 
and large-sized companies, public sector entities, financial institutions and banks. The key products 
offered to these customers include transactional banking (cash management, current accounts, term 
deposits, internet banking, trade finance services, letters of credit and guarantees), working capital 
and investment loans, project finance, structured and mezzanine finance services as well as custody, 
leasing and factoring services. The products of this segment include operations in the foreign 
exchange, capital and derivatives markets, both for own account and on behalf of customers, as well 
as services for arranging and financing securities issues, financial consulting and brokerage services 
for financial institutions. The Corporate and Investment Banking segment also generates result of 
foreign exchange risk management. This segment includes the results of the following subsidiaries: 
mFaktoring S.A., G-INVEST Sp. z o.o. before its deconsolidation and Tele-Tech Investment Sp. z 
o.o. until its sale in July 2021 as well as the results of corporate segments of mLeasing Sp. z o.o., 
Asekum Sp. z o.o. and mBank Hipoteczny S.A. 
• 
The Treasury and Other segment consists primarily of treasury and money markets operations, 
liquidity and interest rate risks management of the Bank and its investment portfolio. The results of 
the segment include the results of internal settlements of fund transfer pricing, the results of items 
classified as hedge accounting and results not allocated to other segments. This segment includes 
also the results of mLeasing Sp. z o.o and mBank Hipoteczny S.A. with regard to activities 
concerning funding and the results of Future Tech Fundusz Inwestycyjny Zamknięty. 
• 
FX Mortgage Loans segment (non-core segment) consists primarily of foreign currency mortgage 
loans with indexation clauses granted to individual customers. These types of loans are no longer 
offered to customers. The segment's assets include only the portfolio of active mortgage loans 
originally granted in foreign currencies (mainly in CHF, EUR and USD). The segment's liabilities 
do not include the financing of the portfolio of such loans, which was included in the liabilities of 
other segments. 
The table shows the gross profit / (loss) of the Group's segments for the periods indicated in the table below. 
 
Year ended  
31 December 2021 
Nine months ended  
30 September 2021 
Nine months ended  
30 September 2022 
 
Amount 
per cent. of 
total 
 
Amount 
per cent. 
of total 
Amount 
per cent. of 
total 
 
(PLN 
thousands) 
 
(PLN  
thousands) 
 
(PLN 
thousands) 
 
Retail Banking............................................... 
1,505,095 
-254.7 
1,027,661 
121.7 
226,517 
-20.4 
Corporate and Investment Banking ............... 
803,121 
-135.9 
608,639 
72.1 
1,487,842 
-133.7 
Treasury and Other ........................................ 
(117,754) 
19.9 
(21,091) 
-2.5 
(44,135) 
4.0 
FX Mortgage Loans ...................................... 
(2,781,493) 
470.6 
(770,980) 
-91.3 
(2,782,668) 
250.1 
Total ............................................................. 
(591,031) 
100.0 
844,229 
100.0 
(1,112,444) 
100.0 
Source: mBank S.A. Group Audited 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, mBank S.A. Group Unaudited Q3 2022 Condensed 
Consolidated Financial Statements.  
Business segment reporting on the activities of the Group for the periods from 1 January to 31 December 
2021 and from 1 January 2022 to 30 September 2022 with the separated non-core business segment is 
presented below. Non-core assets are defined as all residential mortgage loans granted to individual 
customers in Poland that at any point in time were in another currency than PLN. In addition to the FX 
mortgage loan portfolio risk, other legal risks arising from FX mortgage contracts are also allocated to the 
non-core business segment.

--- Page 183 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 183 - 
70-41040845 
 
Business segment reporting: Core Business* and Non-core business  
 
Year ended  
31 December 2021  
Nine months ended 
30 September 2022 
Data regarding consolidated income statement 
Core 
Business 
Non-core 
business 
(FX 
Mortgage 
Loans) 
Total figure 
for the 
Group 
Core 
Business 
Non-core 
business 
(FX 
Mortgage 
Loans) 
Total 
figure for 
the Group 
 
(PLN thousands) 
(PLN thousands) 
Net interest income .................................................. 
3,978,220 
125,823 
4,104,043 
3,841,330 
70,604 
3,911,934 
Net fee and commission income .............................. 
1,897,040 
(7,019) 
1,890,021 
1,686,213 
(11,063) 
1,675,150 
Dividend income ..................................................... 
5,046 
- 
5,046 
5,113 
- 
5,113 
Net trading income .................................................. 
136,695 
(39,805) 
96,890 
80,417 
(10,330) 
70,087 
Gains or losses on non-trading financial assets 
mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss........ 
4,608 
- 
4,608 
(57,816) 
7 
(57,809) 
Gains or losses on derecognition of financial assets 
and liabilities not measured at fair value through 
profit or loss ............................................................ 
93,690 
- 
93,690 
(57,236) 
- 
(57,236) 
Other operating income ........................................... 
231,422 
962 
232,384 
213,921 
193 
214,114 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial 
assets not measured at fair value through profit or 
loss .......................................................................... 
(859,997) 
(13,229) 
(873,226) 
(585,954) 
(37,767) 
(623,721) 
Costs of legal risk related to foreign currency loans  
- (2,758,079) 
(2,758,079) 
- 
(2,682,168) (2,682,168) 
Overhead costs ........................................................ (2,000,057) 
(20,572) 
(2,020,629) (2,290,430) 
(43,972) (2,334,402) 
Depreciation ............................................................ 
(435,450) 
(804) 
(436,254) 
(353,145) 
(546) 
(353,691) 
Other operating expenses......................................... 
(304,933) 
(15,965) 
(320,898) 
(340,991) 
(34,976) 
(375,967) 
Operating profit ..................................................... 
2,746,284 (2,728,688) 
17,596 
2,141,422 
(2,750,018) 
(608,596) 
Taxes on the Group balance sheet items .................. 
(555,822) 
(52,805) 
(608,627) 
(471,198) 
(32,650) 
(503,848) 
Profit before income tax of the segment ............... 
2,190,462 (2,781,493) 
(591,031) 
1,670,224 
(2,782,668) (1,112,444) 
  
   
  
 
 
 
Data regarding consolidated 
statement of financial position as of 31 
December 2021  
Data regarding consolidated statement 
of financial position as of 30 
September 2022  
 
Core 
Business 
Non-core 
business 
(FX 
Mortgage 
Loans) 
Total 
figure for 
the Group 
Core 
Business 
Non-core 
business 
(FX 
Mortgage 
Loans) 
Total 
figure for 
the Group 
 
(PLN thousands) 
(PLN thousands) 
Assets of the segment...................................................  188,235,975 
11,302,910 199,538,885 
198,425,420 
9,155,552 207,580,972 
Liabilities of the segment .............................................  185,394,551 
426,418 185,820,969 
195,488,781 
613,257 196,102,038 
* Core Business includes the following segments: Retail Banking, Corporate and Investment Banking, Treasury and Other. 
 
Source: The Bank.  
Key financial ratios for the Core Business as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 and for the nine 
month period ended 30 September 2022 are as follows: 
 
As of and for the year  
ended 31 December 2021 
As of and for nine months 
ended 30 September 2022 
 
(per cent.) 
(per cent.) 
ROE net1.  
11.9 
14.3 
ROA net2  
0.86 
0.86 
Cost to income ratio (C/I)3 
 
40.3 
49.0 
Net interest margin (NIM)4 
 
2.2 
3.7 
Cost of Risk5  
 
0.85 
0.72 
1 
Calculated by dividing net profit of the Core Business attributable to Owners of the Bank by the average equity of the Core 
Business attributable to Owners of the Bank. The average equity is calculated on the basis of the balances as of the end of each 
month. Net profit of the Core Business attributable to Owners of the Bank is annualised based on the number of days in the

--- Page 184 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 184 - 
70-41040845 
 
analysed period (the annualisation ratio is calculated as the quotient of the number of days in a year and the number of days in 
the analysed period). 
2  
Calculated by dividing net profit of the Core Business attributable to Owners of the Bank by the average total assets of the Core 
Business. The average total assets are calculated on the basis of the balances as of the end of each month. Net profit of the Core 
Business attributable to Owners of the Bank is annualised based on the number of days in the analysed period (the annualisation 
ratio is calculated as the quotient of the number of days in a year and the number of days in the analysed period). 
3  
Calculated by dividing overhead costs and depreciation of the Core Business by total income of the Core Business comprising: 
net interest income, net fee and commission income, dividend income, net trading income, other income, other operating income 
and other operating expenses. Other income comprises gains or losses on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss and gains or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss related to equity instruments and debt securities (without loans and advances). 
4  
Calculated by dividing net interest income of the Core Business by average interest-earning assets of the Core Business In 2022, 
net interest income excludes gains or losses on modification, which includes costs of credit holidays. Interest-earning assets are 
a sum of cash and balances with the Central Bank, loans and advances to banks, debt securities (in all valuation methods) and 
loans and advances to customers (net; in all valuation methods). The average interest-earning assets are calculated on the basis 
of the balances as of the end of each month. Net interest income is annualised based on the number of days in the analysed period 
(the annualisation ratio is calculated as the quotient of the number of days in a year and the number of days in the analysed 
period). 
5  
Calculated by dividing a sum of impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through 
profit or loss of the Core Business and gains or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss related to loans and advances to customers of the Core Business by the average net loans and advances to customers of the 
Core Business (the sum of loans and advances to customers recognised in: financial assets measured at amortised cost, non-
trading financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets held for trading). The 
average net loans and advances are calculated on the basis of the balances as at the beginning of the year and at the end of each 
quarter. Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss and gains or 
losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss related to loans and advances to customers 
are annualised based on the number of quarters in the analysed period (the annualisation ratio is calculated as the quotient of 
the number of quarters in a year and the number of quarters in the analysed period). 
 
Source: The Bank.  
 
Retail Banking 
Retail Banking in Poland 
Overview 
The Bank is one of the few financial institutions in Poland with an integrated internet offering, combining 
current accounts as well as investment and insurance products. 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group serviced nearly 4.49 million retail customers in Poland compared to 
4.66 million as of 31 December 2020. A decrease in the number of customers in 2021 resulted mainly from 
the closing of inactive accounts. As of 30 September 2022, the number of retail customers in Poland was 
4.6 million.  
The table below presents the growth of the Bank's customer base in Poland. 
 
Dec. 2017 
Dec. 2018 
Dec. 2019 
Dec. 2020 
Sep. 2021 
Dec. 2021 
Sep. 2022 
Number of clients 
(in thousands) 
4,437.0 
4,760.6 
4,645.3 
4,658.5 
4,457.7 
4,487.8 
4,604.4 
 ___________________________________________________  
Source: the Bank. 
As of 30 September 2022, gross loans and advances to customers of the Retail Banking Segment in Poland 
and the FX Mortgage Loans Segment amounted to PLN 68.2 billion and amounts due to retail customers 
in Poland (including subsidiaries) were PLN 101.2 billion. 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group’s market share in loans was 7.9 per cent. (8.4 per cent. in mortgage 
loans and 7.1 per cent. in non-mortgage loans). The market share of the Group in household deposits was 
8.3 per cent. at the end of 2021.  
In the first three quarters of 2022, the Group increased its market share in loans. As of 30 September 2022, 
the Group's market share in household loans and household deposits was 8.3 per cent. (8.9 per cent. in 
mortgage loans and 7.3 per cent. in non-mortgage loans) and 8.7 per cent., respectively.

--- Page 185 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 185 - 
70-41040845 
 
The Group’s retail banking products and services include current and savings accounts (including foreign 
currency accounts), term deposits, lending products (retail mortgage loans and non-mortgage loans such as 
car loans, cash loans, overdrafts, credit cards and other loan products), debit cards, leasing services for 
microfirms, insurance and investment products, asset management and brokerage services offered to retail 
customers. 
mBank Poland 
Beginning in 2000, anticipating the development of, and increasing accessibility to, the internet, the Bank 
established a direct digital retail banking model based on the internet, direct service through call centres, 
and, subsequently, mobile banking as well as other new technology-based solutions. Starting in 2001, it 
also operated a second retail banking brand, MultiBank, catering to the mass-affluent, affluent and micro-
business enterprises segments. MultiBank was based on the omni-channel model in which the modern 
format of smaller, sales-oriented branches was supported by internet and call centre channels. Both retail 
operations were merged in 2013 under the mBank brand following the implementation of the broader "One 
Bank Strategy". The customers of MultiBank were migrated onto the Bank's platform in October 2015. 
The Group currently offers a broad range of products and services primarily targeted at young and aspiring 
professional customers who seek convenience and an integrated end-to-end experience in banking services. 
The Bank also has dedicated services for micro and small business clients. The services include online 
current and savings accounts (including foreign currency accounts); term deposits; lending products (retail 
mortgage loans and non-mortgage loans such as car loans, cash loans, overdrafts, credit cards and other 
loan products); debit cards; insurance and investment products as well as brokerage services. Customers 
have access to all of the Bank's products and services, and can manage their products online with one 
integrated transactional internet platform. The Bank provides an "Investment Fund Supermarket" and an 
insurance portal through which customers can manage their investment products and buy insurance 
products. Individual clients and small and medium-sized enterprises also have access to mKantor, which 
allows customers to carry out foreign exchange transactions via a mobile application. 
In the area of small and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs"), the Bank offers among others the 
mAccounting service which provides SMEs with functionalities which have only been available to the 
Bank's corporate clients, including automatic monitoring of payments, quick invoicing, simplified invoice 
payment, analysis of business partners, electronic settlement of tax returns and up-to-date tax data. A credit 
application for SME in the mobile application makes it possible to apply for a loan from any place. 
The Bank enables its clients to set up a business in 10 minutes fully online. The offer includes a fully online 
factoring service. In addition, the Bank offers payment terminals within the Cashless Poland programme. 
mBank's retail clients do not pay interchange fees for 12 months and enjoy a free subscription period of up 
to 24 months. 
In 2021, mBank launched open banking. This service allows clients to see all their accounts (transaction 
history, account balance) together in one place, wherever they bank. The service is provided in accordance 
with EU’s PSD 2. 
Distribution channels 
The Bank uses the omni-channel model in its distribution model. It operates: 
• 
modern mobile banking; 
• 
cutting-edge online banking; 
• 
a sales-effective call centre; and 
• 
a top-quality service, mid-sized physical distribution network. 
Mobile banking 
mBank's mobile application, launched in 2014, has won a large group of new users over the last six years, 
and has been enriched with a number of new features that cater for the needs of clients. mBank remains the 
leader of mobile banking in Poland. According to PRNews nominally, mBank has the second largest 
number of active users of mobile applications, but the highest share in relation to the personal accounts

--- Page 186 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 186 - 
70-41040845 
 
database. Since July 2017, the number of monthly logins with mobile devices has been higher than the 
number of monthly logins via desktops and laptops. 
The significance of the mobile channel continues to rise. As of 30 September 2022, the number of active 
users of the mobile application in Poland reached 2,726 thousand compared with 2,588 thousand at the end 
of 2021. Approximately 78 per cent. of new mBank’s clients activate mobile application in the first week 
from opening the account. Share of the mobile application in the sale of non-mortgage loans increased to 
54 per cent. at the end of the third quarter of 2022 compared with 42 per cent. at the end of 2021. The Bank 
acquires approximately 10 per cent. of all new clients via a mobile channel using convenient KYC processes. 
All stand-alone insurance products can be purchased in the mobile application. In 2021, 27 per cent. of 
stand-alone insurance products was purchased via a mobile application. 
In order to keep up with business challenges and follow clients’ suggestions, the Bank introduced several 
new functions and improvements in 2021, including among others:  
• 
BLIK-C - the contactless payment service BLIK, which allows clients to pay with their smartphones. 
At the end of 2021, more than 2 million mBank clients used the BLIK service, while the number of 
active users of BLIK (those who make at least one transaction per month) exceeded 1.5 million. 
• 
Biometric authorisation –clients can authorise mobile operations with a fingerprint or facial recognition 
and use biometrics to log into the app. 
• 
Card details - this function enables access to all card details without reaching for the physical card. 
• 
Instructions - clients can submit various instructions relating to the handling of products, filing of 
complaints, change of personal data and submission of family benefits applications.  
The competitive advantage of the Group in mobile banking results from: (i) mBank's unique brand, 
including the prefix "m", which is easily associated with mobility; (ii) a relatively young customer 
demographic, which is relatively more technologically inclined and is therefore more receptive to new 
methods of accessing banking services and products; and (iii) the digitisation of business processes, as a 
consequence of the Retail Banking Division's online, internet origins. 
Key functionalities of mobile banking application include: 
• 
fully remote account opening with e-ID or a selfie and agreement approved via a text message; 
• 
logging in with a PIN code, fingerprint or Face ID; 
• 
contactless payments with Google Pay and Apple Pay and "Safe online payments and shopping" 
insurance protecting clients from online scams; 
• 
express transfers using telephone numbers and the BLIK system; 
• 
reminders from Payment Assistant and scanning of data to the transfer form from the invoices;  
• 
benefits (mDiscounts) for retail buyers and seamless shopping experience with one-click financing 
options (quick cash loan up to pre-approved limit), and  
• 
personal financial manager ("PFM"), which allows for better planning and monitoring of personal 
budgets of mBank’s clients. 
In Q3 2022, new functionalities were implemented in mBank’s mobile application, among others paying 
for car parking in several dozen Polish cities by phone and applying for benefits from social programme 
Dobry Start (300+) aimed at supporting purchase of school layette. 
In 2022, mBank received three Mobile Trends Awards ("MTA"). The mBank Junior app won the main 
prize in MTA 2021 and the first place in the Banking and Finance for Children category. In addition, the 
mBank app was ranked second by votes of clients. The Mobile Trends Awards are granted to mobile 
technology projects based on the criteria of innovation, creativity, flawlessness and customer-friendliness. 
Internet 
The Bank's technologically advanced integrated internet banking platform serves as its important 
distribution channel dedicated to retail customers. As an innovator in the market, the Bank has been 
constantly improving its internet transaction platform and launched the new mBank platform in 2013 with 
more than 200 new features, solutions and improvements, such as 24-hour assistance offered by online

--- Page 187 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 187 - 
70-41040845 
 
experts via video, voice or text chat, a mobile-enabled user interface, advanced and integrated personal 
financial management tools, redesigned customer-centric navigation and social media-integrated offers. 
Since 2018, the Bank refreshed the online banking platform in order to make it more flexible and easier to 
use. Through the Bank's internet banking platform, customers have access to many of the Bank's retail 
products and services, including, inter alia, accounts, deposits, investment products, brokerage services, 
cash, car and mortgage loans, insurance, FX platform, pension and comprehensive money transfer handling. 
In 2021, changes in online banking covered not only the planned implementations, but also adjustments to 
the situation related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The selected most important changes implemented in the 
internet banking service included, among others: 
• 
Online banking in the Responsive Web Design version – a design of individual webpages, i.e. the 
dashboard, transfers or transaction history, adapts to the screen size to guarantee ultimate mobile 
experience. 
• 
Synerise analytics in IB 3.0 - a system analysing customer data and modelling their behavioural profiles 
in online banking. 
• 
Subscription filters - clients may view their payments for subscriptions on cards in one place thanks to 
new transaction history filters in online banking. 
• 
Presentation of accounts with other banks - enables clients to view the balance and transaction history 
in accounts held with other institutions.  
• 
A new version of the programme for recommending mBank’s services to friends, which is now 
available in online banking and in the mobile app.  
• 
Model investment advisory service - clients can choose one of four strategies suitable for their 
individual investment profile with varying risk levels and investment horizons. 
• 
Investment goals - a new investment method which allows clients to estimate the amount needed, set 
cyclical automatic transfers and monitor investment progress on an ongoing basis. 
• 
Upcoming payments 3.0 – improvements in the Payment Assistant and in the list of planned 
transactions in online banking.  
• 
my ID - a secure tool for confirming identity remotely when using various commercial and public 
services.  
Contact Centre 
The Group has one Contact Centre in Poland in Łódź, providing high-quality service to the Bank's existing 
and potential clients. The Contact Centre operates 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year. The 
scope of activities includes, among others, customer support for debit cards, credit cards and personal 
accounts; money transfers; providing information on the offers of the Group and selling selected products 
and services such as credit cards, cash loans, personal accounts and insurance products; and performing 
activation, anti-attrition and retention campaigns and processes. 
Physical distribution network 
As of 31 December 2021, the number the Bank's network in Poland included: its own organically grown 
countrywide retail network of 133 locations of mBank-branded outlets and 189 outlets comprising mKiosk 
outlets and mFinanse Financial Centres and agency service points. 
As of 30 September 2022, the Bank's distribution network consisted of 131 locations of mBank-branded 
outlets and 188 of mKiosk outlets and mFinanse Financial Centres and agency service points. 
ATM network 
mBank clients have access to more than 21,000 ATMs in Poland. The Bank's customers can use their Visa 
or MasterCard-branded debit cards to access their accounts and withdraw money free of charge at nearly 
13,000 mBank, Euronet, Planet Cash and Santander Bank Polska S.A networks, if they withdraw at least 
PLN 100. Customers can avoid paying this fee if they use the BLIK service in the Bank's mobile application. 
Customers are able to withdraw money from ATMs without a card by inputting a one-time security code 
displayed on their smartphone.

--- Page 188 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 188 - 
70-41040845 
 
Private Banking and Wealth Management 
The Bank's Private Banking service is dedicated to individuals holding with the Bank or the Group liquid 
assets of a minimum of PLN 1 million. 
Private Banking and Wealth Management offers standard banking products (flexible current accounts in 
złoty or other currencies, negotiable term deposits, overdrafts, mortgage loans, bank insurance products, 
structured products, internet banking system, prestigious cards and concierge services), a wide range of 
investment funds (open and closed-end, domestic and foreign), brokerage services, selected commercial 
papers, treasury, municipal and international bonds, treasury bills and alternative investments, as well as 
standard and non-standard investment strategies. The mBank expert team offers professional funds 
investment on the basis of a power of attorney granted by the client in accordance with the selected 
investment strategy taking into account preferences, investment goals, risk appetite and expected return rate 
within the set period. 
Each customer has a dedicated relationship manager, who is responsible for the customer's relations with 
the Bank, the management of the customer's account and the execution of transactions in accordance with 
the customer's instructions. 
The individual strategies are prepared and managed in accordance with the individual profile and 
investment expectations of the client with regard to asset classes, allocation and fees. The minimum asset 
amount necessary to start a strategy is PLN 5 million. 
Model strategies are addressed to clients relying on experts' knowledge. The manager purchases and sells 
securities and other financial instruments, and takes all actions necessary for proper management of the 
entrusted funds. The manager constantly monitors the portfolio and introduces changes thereto, depending 
on the market situation. The offer includes model strategies at various risk levels. Since 2019, Private 
Banking clients of mBank can invest responsibly in line with the ESG standards.  
The Bank offers also reliable solutions which allow to secure accumulated wealth and transfer it in an 
optimal manner, without additional tax charges.  
The clients of mBank’s Private Banking, under an open product architecture, may use a wide range of over 
700 investment funds, both Polish and foreign, open and closed, as well as support from our experts in the 
choice of funds to the portfolio.  
As of 31 December 2021, the Group had 6,966 Private Banking and Wealth Management customers. 
In 2021, the Bank's Private Banking was recognised as the best in Poland by the Financial Times.  
Moreover, international experts awarded the Best Private Bank title for mBank’s wealth management 
services. The Bank won in the Digital Portfolio Management category in Central and Eastern Europe. The 
winners were selected in the contest organised by the Professional Wealth Management (PWM) magazine 
published by the Financial Times group. In addition, in 2021 mBank was distinguished by Euromoney as 
one of the ten best banks delivering private banking services in Central and Eastern Europe. 
Products and Services in Poland 
Since 2000, the Bank has applied a client-oriented approach based on its modern online banking business 
model, focusing on anticipating trends in the banking sector in Poland and the development of products and 
services that will meet its clients' needs. 
The Group's main retail products and services include current and saving accounts, business accounts for 
microbusinesses, credit products, deposit products, payment cards, investment products, insurance 
products, brokerage services and leasing for microbusinesses. 
The Bank's credit product offering comprises non-mortgage loans, mortgage loans and credit products 
offered to micro-businesses. The Bank offers non-mortgage loans to both internal and external customers 
in the form of cash loans, car loans, consolidation loans, overdraft facilities and credit cards. The vast 
majority (over 90 per cent.) of unsecured loans are granted exclusively via electronic channels (online and 
mobile banking).

--- Page 189 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 189 - 
70-41040845 
 
The Group offers residential mortgage loans in PLN. In August 2011, the Bank discontinued offering 
mortgage loans in CHF. The CHF mortgage portfolio therefore decreases every year due to repayments and 
– to a lesser extent – due to conversion of CHF loans into zloty. From the beginning of 2021, foreign 
currency mortgage loans with indexation clauses granted to individual customers are included in a separate 
FX Mortgage Loans segment. 
The Bank sales also mortgage loans to micro-businesses. In order to provide the Bank's customers with 
credit-related support programmes, the Bank signed agreements with leading European financial 
institutions (such as the European Investment Bank ("EIB")) and the Polish government. The programmes 
include de minimis loan guarantees under an agreement with BGK and the EIB. 
Changed business conditions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic forced faster implementation of 
innovative digital processes. The Bank focused on enabling clients to finalise loan applications without 
leaving home. This approach translated into implementation of two key initiatives fulfilling this need. The 
first one is to provide the possibility of confirming income in a cash loan, using the account information 
access service (AIS), introduced by the PSD2 directive for mBank's internal clients. The second one is a 
possibility to attach income documents for mBank loan products directly to the application. Also in 
mortgage processes, the Bank introduced the option of submitting a loan application in a remote process 
without leaving home.  
On the deposit side, the Bank focuses on savings and current accounts as well as term deposits. Customers 
interested in regular saving have access to a range of a retirement savings accounts and purpose savings 
accounts as part of the "My objectives" programme, which allows customers to set aside a fixed amount 
monthly or tiny amounts each time after payments, transfers or cash withdrawals from an ATM. To meet 
more sophisticated clients' needs, the Bank offers deposits with investment funds, which combine 
investments with saving. 
The Bank offers a wide range of debit cards linked to personal accounts, pre-paid cards and credit cards 
issued in conjunction with Visa and MasterCard. VISA and MasterCard card holders can use the multi-
currency service. Thanks to the multi-currency service, a debit card can be linked not only to a client's main 
PLN account, but also to FX accounts. According to PRNews.pl (May 2022) mBank is the leader in Poland 
in terms of the number of mobile wallets offered to individual and business clients. The popularity of mobile 
cards has been growing year by year. The details of such cards are available in the app, while mobile 
payment solutions allow clients to pay in stores or make ATM withdrawals. 
As of 31 December 2021, the number of debit cards issued by the Bank in Poland reached 3,777.2 thousand. 
The number of credit cards issued by the Bank was 340.5 thousand as of 31 December 2021. In 2021, the 
value of payment card transactions made by mBank’s retail clients in Poland amounted to PLN 61.7 billion, 
which represented an increase by 24.6 per cent. year-on-year. The number of transactions made by mBank 
clients increased by 22.0 per cent. year-on-year. 
As of 30 September 2022, the number of debit cards issued by the Bank in Poland reached 4,026.2 thousand, 
while the number of credit cards issued by the Bank was 327.8 thousand. The value of payments made by 
mBank retail banking clients with cards in Poland between January and September 2022 was PLN 55.9 
billion, representing an increase of 25.7 per cent. year-on-year. The number of transactions made by mBank 
clients increased by 20.5 per cent. year-on-year. 
The Bank entered into a strategic co-operation with leading banks in Poland relating to a joint standard for 
mobile payments. In response to the challenge of the ongoing mobile technology revolution, in 2015 
mBank, together with five large national banks, launched the local mobile payment system BLIK. This 
allows customers to pay with their mobile phones in retail and online stores, as well as withdraw cash from 
ATMs and send P2P transfers. BLIK uses an open standard developed by Polish Payment Standard, a 
company formed by the Bank, Alior Bank, Bank Millennium, Bank Zachodni WBK (currently Santander 
Bank Polska), ING and PKO Bank Polski. In 2021, the Bank implemented fully digital, contactless BLIK 
payments. 
Since the launch of the BLIK mobile payment system in 2015, it has become the most-used payment method 
in e-commerce, ahead of payment cards. More than 2 million mBank’s clients use the BLIK service and 
the number of active users of BLIK, who made at least one BLIK transaction per month, reached 1.59 
million.

--- Page 190 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 190 - 
70-41040845 
 
The Bank's offer includes an open platform of investment funds, "Investment Funds Supermarket". The 
platform provides customers with analytical information, as well as information tools enabling them to 
monitor and make investment decisions. goal in the future. The open platform of investment funds is fully 
integrated with customer current accounts. It is available in the mBank mobile application. In April 2021, 
the Bank established its own investment company mTowarzystwo Funduszy Inwestycyjnych Spółka 
Akcyjna (mTFI). On 14 October 2022, the KNF granted its consent to mTI to conduct operations of an 
investment funds management company. The creation of mTFI will allow mBank greater flexibility in 
adjusting its product range to changing expectations of clients and market fluctuations.  
Brokerage services offered to retail clients include, in particular, securities accounts, stock trades in 
financial instruments listed on the WSE and placements of subscriptions/purchase orders in public or 
private offering of equity instruments, including shares, or debt instruments, as well as trades in derivatives. 
The Brokerage Bureau enables clients to trade in regulated markets in Poland and abroad as well as in the 
OTC (CFD) market. 
The Group co-operates with UNIQA Group in the area of bancassurance. This co-operation includes the 
sale of insurance to mBank customers and focuses in particular on the stand-alone segment including motor, 
travel, home and life insurance, as well as on the segment of products linked to banking products, e.g., 
loans. All stand-alone products (i.e. motor, home, travel, and life and health insurance) can be purchased in 
the Bank's mobile app. 
Retail Banking in the Czech Republic and Slovakia (mBank CZ/SK) 
The Bank entered the Czech and Slovak market in 2007 as a retail internet bank. The product range includes 
both products and services for retail customers (current and savings accounts, deposits, credit and debit 
cards, mortgage and consumer loans as well as insurance), and for business owners (with overdrafts). The 
Bank in the Czech Republic and Slovakia promotes a self-service model, in which customers operate their 
account via a mobile banking application, internet and telephone banking, as the Bank's branches serve 
mainly as advisory centres for arranging mortgage loans.  
As of 31 December 2021, the Bank's retail distribution network in the Czech Republic consisted of 13 
financial centres and light branches as well as 18 mKiosks. In Slovakia the network consisted of five 
financial centres and light branches and nine mKiosks.  
As of 30 September 2022, the Bank's retail distribution network in the Czech Republic consisted of 13 
financial centres and light branches as well as 17 mKiosks. In Slovakia the network consisted of 6 financial 
centres and light branches and 9 mKiosks. 
In 2021 and in Q1-Q3 2022, the main focus of foreign branches was on acquisition of the new clients 
customers, further automation and digitalization of processes and strengthening of non-mortgage lending. 
In order to improve the profitability of the Czech and Slovak branches, in the second half of 2021, the Bank 
successfully switched part of its resources from mortgage area to non-mortgage loans (cash loan) area. As 
a result, the sales of cash loans were record-high. The Bank continues to implement the improvements of 
mortgage loan processes by introducing its new version on the Slovak market. During 2021, the mobile 
application became the most widely used distribution channel. Approximately 65 per cent. of active clients 
in the Czech Republic and Slovakia use mobile banking. As of 30 September 2022, the number of active 
users of mBank’s mobile application in the Czech Republic and Slovakia was 399 thousand.  
As of 30 September 2022, the number of debit cards issued by the Bank in the Czech Republic and Slovakia 
reached 712.8 thousand, while the number of credit cards issued by foreign branches was 35.2 thousand. 
As of 31 December 2021, mBank in the Czech Republic and Slovakia had 1,026.9 thousand customers 
(717.8 thousand customers at mBank CZ and 309.1 thousand customers at mBank SK). In the first nine 
months of 2022 ended 30 September 2022, the number of customers in foreign branches increased by 14.7 
thousand. As of 30 September 2022, the number of mBank's customers in the Czech Republic and Slovakia 
was 1,041.6 thousand (723.7 thousand customers at mBank CZ and 317.9 thousand customers at mBank 
SK). 
The table below presents the growth of the Bank's customer base in the Bank's foreign branches. 
 
Dec. 2017 
Dec. 2018 
Dec. 2019 
Dec. 2020 
Sep. 2021 
Dec. 2021 
Sep. 2022

--- Page 191 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 191 - 
70-41040845 
 
Number of clients  
(in thousands) 
905.3 
924.3 
958.6 
1,003.4 
1,022.7 
1,026.9 
1,041.6 
 _______________  
  Source: the Bank. 
As of 30 September 2022, mBank CZSK's gross loan portfolio was PLN 10.6 billion (PLN 7.3 billion at 
mBank CZ and PLN 3.3 billion at mBank SK). Amounts due to customers in the Czech Republic and 
Slovakia was PLN 17.4 billion as of 30 September 2022 (including PLN 12.4 billion at mBank CZ and 
PLN 5.0 billion at mBank SK). 
The Retail Banking segment includes the following subsidiaries: 
• 
mBank Hipoteczny S.A. (the retail segment of the company's activity); 
• 
mFinanse S.A.; 
• 
mFinanse CZ s.r.o.; 
• 
mFinanse SK s.r.o.; 
• 
mLeasing Sp. z o.o. (the retail segment of the company's activity); 
• 
Asekum Sp. z o.o. (the retail segment of the company's activity); 
• 
LeaseLink Sp. z o.o.; and 
• 
mElements S.A. 
Services Provided by Bank's Subsidiaries within Retail Banking 
mBank Hipoteczny S.A. 
mBank Hipoteczny S.A. is a specialised bank established and functioning under the Act on mortgage bonds 
and mortgage banks of 29 August 1997. mBank Hipoteczny is the longest operating mortgage bank and the 
second largest issuer of mortgage bonds in Poland. It plays a strategic role in the Group by securing stable, 
long-term and affordable funding for loans backed by real estate. To this end, mBank Hipoteczny issues 
covered bonds both on domestic and foreign capital markets. 
Due to the transfer of the entire retail loan sales process to mBank from 22 July 2017, pooling transactions 
are the source of supplying the Bank's loan portfolio with retail assets. From 1 January 2019, the process 
of selling commercial loans was also transferred to mBank. 
As of 30 September 2022, mBank Hipoteczny's total gross loan portfolio was PLN 12.0 billion in 
comparison with PLN 11.9 billion as of 31 December 2021. 
As of 30 September 2022, the value of outstanding mortgage covered bonds issued was PLN 6.7 billion 
(including private placements). Covered bonds issued by mBank Hipoteczny are characterised by low 
investment risk, which is a result of the statutory obligation to apply complex security mechanisms while 
issuing and trading in such instruments. This has been affirmed by the ratings assigned by Moody's 
Investors Service to mortgage covered bonds issued by mBank Hipoteczny ("Aa1", upgraded from "Aa2" 
on 14 July 2021).  
mFinanse S.A. 
mFinanse S.A. (formerly Aspiro), founded in 2005, is a financial and insurance broker. It acts as a 
distribution agent and financial adviser for banking products and services. The company entered into 
distribution agreements with the Bank and other banks and financial institutions operating in the Polish 
market, under which it sells retail banking products through a distribution network which it operates 
(mKiosk located in shopping centres, stationary branches and outlets of credit partners). It gives clients a 
possibility to compare few offers in a one place. Experts of mFinanse are available in approximately 190 
outlets in Poland, where they provide information on financial products and help clients in the process of 
obtaining a loan.

--- Page 192 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 192 - 
70-41040845 
 
mFinanse offers products for individual clients like personal accounts, mortgage loans, consumer loans and 
credit cards, as well as business products, including accounts, credit cards, investment loans, working 
capital loans, mortgage loans and car loans. mFinanse also operates as an insurance agent. In the field of 
insurance intermediation, the company acts as an intermediary in servicing insurance products for mortgage 
and cash loans, accounts, cards and insurance for leasing, as well as in the field of property and personal 
and life insurance products. 
mFinanse CZ s.r.o. and mFinanse CZ s.r.o. 
The subsidiaries started operating activities since the beginning of 2022. mFinanse CZ s.r.o. and mFinanse 
CZ s.r.o. operate in the area of financial intermediation in the sale of banking products distributed by 
mBank's branches in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. They took over the tasks that were previously 
carried out by mBank’s branches in these countries. 
mLeasing Sp. z o.o. 
mLeasing Sp. z o.o. is one of the largest leasing companies in Poland. 
In the retail sector, mLeasing operates the "Leasing in Retail" programme targeted at micro-enterprises and 
SMEs, which are offered lease contracts using dedicated lease processes. 
More information on the company can be found in the section "Services Provided by Bank's Subsidiaries 
within Corporates and Institutions" below. 
Asekum Sp. z o.o. 
Asekum Sp. z o.o is a subsidiary consolidated within the Group from October 2018. The company operates 
as an insurance agent, mainly in the field of insurance of assets leased. The Bank holds indirectly through 
mLeasing Sp. z o.o., 100 per cent. of the shares in the company. 
LeaseLink Sp. z o.o. 
LeaseLink Sp. z o.o. was acquired by mLeasing in 2019. The company specialises in financing the 
purchases of entrepreneurs made in e-shops and stationary outlets. 
mElements S.A. 
mElements is a tech company of the Group, which operates in the construction and development of IT 
solutions including API solutions, online and mobile payments and services dedicated to e-commerce 
online sellers, including the Paynow payment integrator. 
In 2019, mElements S.A. received from the KNF permission to operate as a National Payment Institution. 
mElements is a member of the Chamber of Electronic Economy, associating the largest entities operating 
for the development of e-commerce in Poland. 
Corporate and Investment Banking 
Overview 
As of 31 December 2021, the Bank serviced 31,315 corporate customers (up by 2,232 corporate clients 
compared with 31 December 2020). Between January and September 2022, the number of corporate 
customers increased by 1,699 and reached 33,014 as of 30 September 2022. 
Corporate Banking Customers are divided into three segments: 
• 
K1 customers, which are capital groups and large companies with annual revenues exceeding PLN 
1 billion, the largest public sector entities (including the largest local governments), state funds and 
non-bank financial institutions (including pension and investment funds and insurance companies); 
• 
K2 customers, which are medium-sized enterprises with annual revenues of between PLN 50.0 
million and PLN 1 billion and medium-sized public sector companies (including local governments); 
and

--- Page 193 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 193 - 
70-41040845 
 
• 
K3 customers, which are small and medium-sized enterprises with annual revenues up to PLN 50 
million. 
The table below sets out Corporate Banking Customers by segments. 
 
Dec. 2017 
Dec. 2018 
Dec. 2019 
Dec. 2020 
Sep. 2021 
Dec 2021 
Sep. 2022 
K1 
2,093 
2,193 
2,319 
2,358 
2,305 
2,272 
2,225 
K2 
7,088 
7,520 
8,211 
8,862 
9,492 
9,740 
10,322 
K3 
12,867 
13,993 
15,946 
17,863 
19,119 
19,303 
20,467 
Total number of 
corporate customers 
22,048 
23,706 
26,476 
29,083 
30 916 
31,315 
33,014 
 _______________  
Source: the Bank. 
The Bank holds a strong position in the corporate banking segment in Poland. According to NBP data, as 
of 31 December 2021, the Bank had a market share of 7.5 per cent. in corporate loans and 10.7 per cent. in 
corporate deposits. The market share of the Group in corporate loans was 8.2 per cent. 
As of 30 September 2022, the Group's market share in corporate loans and corporate deposits was 8.1 per 
cent. and 11.1 per cent., respectively. 
Distribution channels 
Corporate clients are serviced through 29 corporate branches and 14 corporate offices located in the largest 
cities throughout Poland. Each corporate client is provided with full relationship banking services by a team 
of experts dedicated to developing the individual customer's relationship with the Bank and its respective 
subsidiaries. Each team comprises a client relationship manager responsible for each aspect of the customer 
relationship, a business analyst and product advisers from key product lines, as well as a risk officer. This 
business model allows the Group to provide its corporate clients with tailor-made products and services to 
support their business needs.  
Corporate clients are also serviced by a modern, convenient and technically advanced online banking 
platform mBank CompanyNet, which allows them to monitor and manage accounts to execute transactions 
(such as domestic and foreign transfers, selected trade finance transactions, foreign exchange transactions, 
cash operations and deposits). The Virtual Branch is an integral part of the mBank CompanyNet system 
where clients can submit electronic applications to the bank in the key areas of bank-client interactions. In 
2021, clients were even more willing and more likely to use remote channels of the bank, resulting in a 97 
per cent. year-on-year increase in the number of matters handled digitally. In many cases, electronic 
processes accounted for 100 per cent. of all processes, eliminating paper document circulation. 
For convenience and flexibility purposes, the Bank provides corporate clients with a mobile banking 
application. In April 2021, the Bank released a new version of the CompanyMobile app dedicated to SMEs 
and corporates. Its clear interface and intuitive navigation allow users to manage their company’s finances 
and authorise transactions in a convenient manner. Mobile solutions are gaining popularity. More than 80 
per cent. of mBank’s corporate clients use mBank’s mobile app.  
Products and Services 
Transactional banking 
Cash management is a service offered by Corporate Banking, which facilitates client planning, monitoring 
and management of liquid assets and cash processing, as well as electronic banking. The solutions offered 
aim to facilitate daily financial operations, enhance effective cash flow management, and optimise interest 
income and costs. 
The Bank offers its corporate clients transactional banking solutions ranging from traditional transactional 
banking products to specialised, tailor-made products. 
The standard traditional transactional banking products include accounts (in all major foreign currencies), 
transfers (domestic and foreign), cash operations management, credit, pre-paid and payment cards, foreign 
exchange transactions, overdrafts, overnight deposits and term deposits.

--- Page 194 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 194 - 
70-41040845 
 
A significant majority of the Bank's transactional banking products are available through mBank 
CompanyNet electronic banking system.  
The Bank provides full digitisation of the client acquisition and onboarding process. The solution is based 
on a state-of-the-art platform enabling the sales forces to interact with the client, which supports the sales 
and formal onboarding process. Thanks to the system, paper versions of applications, agreements and 
signature specimen cards are no longer needed. Moreover, the system enables automation of the exchange 
of information with external sources. The platform for the fully digital process of corporate customer 
acquisition enables modern sales interaction with the customer and onboarding of most transactional 
banking products. 
Specialised, tailor-made transactional banking products include advanced liquidity management services 
(such as cash pooling, consolidation of balances and term deposits) and advanced cash management 
products, including mass payment collection and identification services, as well as financial surplus 
management. 
In addition to traditional business accounts, the Bank provides its corporate clients with escrow and 
securities accounts (including escrow accounts dedicated to real estate developers and custody services 
provided to most sophisticated non-bank financial institutions). The Bank's product range also includes 
packages of integrated products and services dedicated to SMEs. In order to respond to challenging market 
conditions, mBank has been continuously enhancing its SME customer service processes and adjusting its 
product portfolio to client needs and the legal environment. 
The Bank offers a customer service model dedicated to business clients who have so far not been actively 
using banking products or seeking support from advisers. The service is provided by a team of virtual 
advisers entitled to render the services of traditional advisers. Thanks to this new solution every SME client, 
regardless of the scale of business, can receive help from advisers and get in touch with the Bank more 
readily. 
Cash deposit machines for businesses 
To address the needs of businesses and the market, mBank develops a service called the smart cash deposit 
machine. When integrated with a company's internal system and mBank's online banking, the solution 
allows for depositing cash and booking payments in real time without leaving the company's premises. 
Each product is tailored to the needs and nature of a given business. Furthermore, to address the unique 
demands of its clients, the Bank also offers a more complex machine consisting of a cash recycler which 
dispenses particular banknotes, and a cash deposit machine which allows clients to deposit their revenue. 
eCommerce and the Paynow gateway 
mBank intends to be the bank of first choice for clients who are dynamically growing their sales in both 
traditional and modern channels. Paynow is a fast, reliable and state-of-the-art gateway embedded in the 
cloud and connected to mBank’s electronic banking systems. Clients can easily integrate the gateway with 
their online shops thanks to the API and plug-ins for major retail platforms. The Bank supports the most 
popular payment methods, while maintaining the highest security standards. 
Short-term and long-term financing 
The Bank provides short-term financing through overdraft facilities and revolving loans, as well as 
comprehensive packages of short-term multi-product and multi-currency financing (an umbrella credit 
facility, including commercial working capital financing as well as a wide range of guarantees, and trade 
finance products). In 2021, the Bank implemented a simple credit process that allows for quick financing 
for clients from the K2 and K3 segments. The process significantly reduced the range of documents required 
from clients and the time to a decision. 
The Bank offers tailor-made, long-term financing dedicated to customers' investments needs which is 
adjusted to the complexity, profile, scope, structure and tenor of specific projects. 
The Bank also offers loans granted in co-operation with BGK, EIB and EU funds which are aimed at 
supporting SMEs and special types of investments (in compliance with the criteria of various EU 
programmes and priorities).

--- Page 195 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 195 - 
70-41040845 
 
The Bank supports green transformation. In particular the Bank finances photovoltaic investments and wind 
firms. In 2018, the Bank introduced its Credit Policy on Financing Renewable Energy Source Systems. In 
2020, the limit for funding Renewable Energy Sources (RES) project under the auction support system was 
increased to PLN 4 billion. In 2021, the Bank liberalised the RES policy to allow for the financing of RES 
projects for clients in the SME segment and the financing of projects outside the auction support scheme.  
De minimis guarantees and COSME 
The Bank continues to perform the Portfolio De Minimis Guarantee Line (PLD) Agreement as part of the 
government programme "Supporting Entrepreneurship through BGK Sureties and Guarantees". 
On 25 June 2018, mBank signed another Portfolio De Minimis Guarantee Line Agreement (PLD-KFG) as 
a continuation of the previous agreement (PLD).  
Moreover, the Bank offers the portfolio guarantee line with a counter-guarantee provided by the European 
Investment Bank under COSME. The guarantee limit granted by BGK to the Bank is PLN 2 billion. As of 
31 December 2021, the value of the limit drawn was PLN 1.6 billion. 
The following guarantees are also offered the Bank: 
• 
BiznesMax portfolio guarantee line agreement (FG POIR),  
• 
portfolio liquidity guarantee line agreement (FGP), and 
• 
agricultural portfolio guarantee line agreement (FGR).  
Structured finance, project finance, syndicated loans 
As part of the Corporate and Investment Banking segment, the Bank offers structured and mezzanine 
financing, in particular, for mergers and acquisitions and investment projects, including renewable energy 
projects (wind farms and photovoltaic). 
Investment banking and market risk hedging instruments 
Investment banking and hedging instruments complement the core transactional banking products and 
services offered to corporate clients. The Group offers to its corporate clients ECM services and M&A 
advisory services with regard to both private and publicly traded companies, and offers debt origination 
and primary and secondary market trading in a wide range of corporate bonds of various tenors. In addition, 
the Bank may participate in raising funds required for M&A purposes. The Group also offers its corporate 
clients corporate finance services, including economic and financial analyses of companies, valuations of 
companies, assessments of investment projects, equity research, preparation of business plans, business due 
diligence processes and fairness opinion analysis. 
The Bank also provides a wide range of brokerage services and financial advice with regard to equity and 
debt capital markets transactions. In addition to advisory services, the Bank also offers soft underwriting 
services for the above types of capital markets transactions. 
The Bank provides its customers with market risk hedging instruments (FX, IR and derivative instruments 
hedging against price fluctuations for commodities and raw materials). Market risk hedging instruments 
enable corporate clients to manage their foreign exchange, interest rate and commodity risk through the use 
of derivative instruments such as interest rate swaps, FX forwards, FX and IR swap transactions, FX and 
IR call and put options and various option strategies. The Bank's liquidity management and investment 
products include negotiable term deposits, debt securities and sell/buy-back or repo transactions. Sales of 
hedging instruments as well as debt securities are conducted by dedicated corporate sales representatives 
who are located both at the Bank's headquarters in Warsaw and in selected corporate branches. 
The Group holds a strong market share in selected investment banking services. The core products and 
services provided by the Bank to non-bank financial institution clients include liquidity management, 
treasury bonds and debt securities, as well as hedging instruments and custody services.  
As of 31 December 2021, the Bank maintained a market share of 11.0 per cent. in treasury bills and bonds 
and 19.9 per cent. in interest rate swaps/forward rate agreements (IRS/FRA) contracts. The Bank is an 
active issuer of debt instruments for corporate clients. As of 30 November 2021, the Bank's market share

--- Page 196 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 196 - 
70-41040845 
 
in the non-treasury debt market was 10.3 per cent. of corporate debt, 1.8 per cent. of short-term debt and 
19.5 per cent. of mid-term bank debt (source: NBP, Rating & Rynek – Fitch Ratings).  
Custody services 
mBank provides services including settlement of transactions in securities registered in local and foreign 
markets, safe-keeping of clients' assets, maintenance of securities accounts and registers of securities in 
non-public trading, maintenance of asset registers of pension funds and investment funds and monitoring 
the valuation of their assets and processing corporate actions. mBank's custody clients are mainly financial 
institutions, in particular investment and pension funds, local and foreign financial institutions, banks 
offering custodian and investment services, insurance companies, asset management institutions and non-
financial institutions. 
Trade finance products 
The Bank offers a wide range of trade finance products, including various types of guarantees, documentary 
collections, letters of credit, receivables assignment and forfeiture services. These products are designed to 
mitigate companies' risk related to the non-performance of a contract. 
Financial institutions 
The Bank maintains relations with financial institutions, focusing mainly on raising capital from other 
banks and placing excess funds with them. 
Thanks to very good business relations with banking clients and excellent service quality, the Bank 
maintains its strong position as regards handling settlements in PLN. The Bank supports also trade 
transactions concluded by Polish exporters by offering short-term financing to financial institutions, as well 
as granting financing as part of syndicated loans. Due to Russia's aggression towards Ukraine, the Bank 
restricted providing services to banks from Russia and Belarus related to medium-term loans secured with 
the KUKE policy and short-term financing of transactions related to these countries.  
The following subsidiaries operate within the Corporate and Investment Banking segment: 
• 
mLeasing Sp. z o.o. (the corporate segment of the company's activity); 
• 
mFaktoring S.A.; 
• 
mBank Hipoteczny S.A. (the corporate segment of the company's activity); and 
• 
Asekum Sp. z o.o. (the corporate segment of the company’s activity). 
Services Provided by Bank's Subsidiaries within Corporates and Institutions 
mLeasing 
mLeasing offers different types of leasing products to its corporate clients, including the leasing of personal 
and commercial vehicles, heavy transport vehicles, car fleet management, the leasing of machinery and 
equipment and the leasing of real estate. According to data from the Polish Leasing Association, as of 31 
December 2021, mLeasing's market share in Poland amounted to 7.4 per cent. In the first half of 2022 it 
decreased to 6.9 per cent. 
The value of contracts concluded by mLeasing in the year ended 31 December 2021 reached PLN 6.50 
billion in 2021, up from PLN 5.13 billion recorded a year before. The value of contracts regarding movables 
concluded in the year ended 31 December 2021 reached PLN 6.30 billion, while the value of contracts 
regarding real property reached PLN 0.20 billion. 
The total value of leasing contracts concluded by mLeasing between January and September 2022 
amounted to PLN 4.34 billion. During this period the company purchased predominantly new movable 
assets.

--- Page 197 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 197 - 
70-41040845 
 
mFaktoring 
mFaktoring offers factoring services, including domestic and export recourse and non-recourse factoring, 
maintenance of debtors' settlement accounts, enforcement of receivables and import guarantees. In the year 
ended 31 December 2021 its turnover (the value of purchased invoices) was historically high at PLN 29.8 
billion. According to the Polish Factors' Association the company's market share in 2021 was 8.2 per cent. 
cent. In the first half of 2022 it decreased to 7.7 per cent. In the first nine months of 2022, the turnover of 
mFaktoring was PLN 27.1 billion. 
mBank Hipoteczny 
In 2023 mBank Hipoteczny plans to transfer part of corporate mortgage loans currently under its 
management to mBank. The majority of these loans are commercial real estate loans. The takeover will be 
completed through a division of mBank Hipoteczny by separation and a transfer of the separated part of its 
business to mBank. The division will be made by way of universal succession, which means that on the day 
the division is registered in the National Court Register (KRS) mBank will assume all rights and obligations 
of mBank Hipoteczny arising from the acquired business, including from mortgage agreements. Pursuant 
to Article 550 of the Code of Commercial Companies, since the Bank is the only shareholder of the 
Demerged Company (mBank Hipoteczny) there is no intention to increase the share capital of the Bank in 
connection with the Bank’s acquisition of a part of the estate of the Demerged Company. 
Asekum 
The company operates as an insurance agent, mainly in the field of insurance of assets leased by corporate 
clients. 
FX Mortgage Loans segment - non-core business 
FX Mortgage Loans segment (non-core segment) consists primarily of foreign currency mortgage loans 
with indexation clauses granted to individual customers. 
As of 30 September 2022, the carrying amount of mortgage and housing loans granted by the Issuer to 
individual customers in CHF amounted to PLN 7.0 billion (CHF 1.4 billion) compared with PLN 9.1 billion 
as of 31 December 2021 (CHF 2.0 billion).  
On 6 December 2021, the Issuer started a pilot programme of out-of-court settlements with borrowers under 
FX mortgage loans. Each settlement was based on converting the CHF loan into the PLN loan, after which 
the Issuer had to write off a part of the borrower's debt. Prior to the conversion, the Issuer compared 
repayments of the actual FX mortgage loan with the repayments of a hypothetical PLN loan and the 
difference was split equally between the Issuer and the borrower. The offer was addressed to borrowers 
under nearly 1,300 active contracts, which in the Bank’s opinion was a representative sample of the whole 
portfolio of active FX mortgage loans. The first phase of the pilot ended in the first quarter of 2022 with 
the result of approx. 8 per cent. of the settlements signed. During the pilot programme, some external factors 
may have had an impact on its results and clients’ decisions. These were, among others: uncertainty 
regarding the tax treatment of signed settlements, the rising exchange rate of CHF against PLN, an increase 
in the cost of loans in PLN following interest rate hikes by the Monetary Policy Council and existing 
uncertainty regarding the economic environment and challenges related to the Russia-Ukraine military 
conflict. Moreover, in the first quarter of 2022, the Bank continued the pilot of the settlement programme 
and offered settlements to a new group of clients (approximately 1,800 contracts). The second phase of the 
pilot concluded in the second quarter of 2022 with the result of approximately 11 per cent. of the settlements 
signed. The pilot showed that clients are interested in individual approach, which was confirmed in surveys 
and research. 
Based on the observations made during the pilot programme, on 26 September 2022, the Issuer launched a 
new settlement programme offered to all individual clients holding an active CHF loan, including clients 
who filed a lawsuit against the Bank. In accordance with the proposed terms, the loan will be converted 
into PLN and the outstanding loan balance will be substantially reduced. The redemption amount will be 
negotiated with clients individually. After conversion, the customer will be able to decide which type of 
interest rate to choose, periodically fixed or variable. The Bank plans to offer a preferential interest rate on 
the loan after conversion to the clients that will sign the settlement. By deciding to sign a settlement with 
the Bank, the client will benefit from a reduction in the outstanding loan balance, eliminate the currency

--- Page 198 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 198 - 
70-41040845 
 
risk and due to the offered preferential interest rate and the possibility to choose a periodically fixed interest 
rate, will minimize the interest rate risk. Settlements will be concluded in an out-of-court mode, however, 
at the client's request, the Bank will enable a settlement at an arbitration court. The settlement program 
started in October 2022 and will be conducted in stages. 
Employees 
Employment Structure 
The table below presents the number of employees employed (expressed in Full-time Equivalents – FTE) 
by the Bank and the Group as at the indicated dates. 
 
Number of FTE  
 
30 
September 
2022 
31 
December 
2021 
30 
September 
2021 
31 
December 
2020 
Bank ...........................................................................................................  
6,335 
6,075 
6,096 
6,034 
Subsidiaries (consolidated)  
653 
663 
630 
654 
Total....................................................................................................... 
6,988 
6,738 
6,726 
6,688 
 _______________  
Source: the Bank. 
Training programmes offered to the Bank's employees are aimed at developing the employee's 
competencies. The training policy is focused specifically on the improvement of the qualifications and 
skills of key employees, providing training in introducing new technologies and developing techniques 
aimed at increasing sales effectiveness. These objectives are supported by unifying the rules on the 
eligibility of employees for specialist training and implementing solutions to improve internal 
communication. 
Employees of the Group have a similar range of employee benefits, e.g., from access to medical services 
under healthcare packages to sports facilities. Additionally, employees have the possibility of joining group 
life insurance. 
The Group's has a planning and employee appraisal system, being part of Management by Objectives 
("MbO"). The MbO system assumes that employee motivation, initiative and activity constitute the most 
valuable assets of the company, which have a decisive impact on the company's performance. The Group's 
managers and employees jointly determine and negotiate the objectives and indicators of desired results 
and jointly assess their achievements. 
The Bank enters into two types of non-compete agreements with its Management Board members and its 
employees for the duration of their employment as well as for a period post-employment. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is one trade union operating at the Bank (Independent Trade 
Union of mBank Employees). 
In the period from 1 January 2011 until the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no strikes at the 
Bank or its subsidiaries, and the Bank or its subsidiaries have not been a party to any collective labour 
disputes. 
In 2021, total income per employee in the Group, calculated by dividing total income by the average number 
of FTEs, was PLN 913.8 thousand compared with PLN 866.3 thousand in 2020. The average number of 
FTEs is calculated on the basis of the number of FTEs as at the beginning of the year and at the end of each 
quarter. 
Employees' Involvement in the Bank's Capital 
The incentive system is based on the remuneration policy and intangible elements (e.g., career development 
opportunities). The incentive system plays a key role in developing corporate culture and builds competitive 
advantage by helping the bank acquire and retain competent employees. 
The remuneration policy of the Bank covers the base salary (fixed component) and a variable part 
depending on the objectives achieved by the whole organisation and by individual employees. It also

--- Page 199 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 199 - 
70-41040845 
 
includes bonuses granted to management board members and other employees. This applies also to 
employees having a material impact on the bank’s risk profile in a given calendar year (Risk Takers). 
The Bank provides employee incentive programmes both for members of the management board and 
employees of the Bank. 
The 2018 Incentive Programme for the Management Board Members and Key Staff of the Group – Risk 
Takers 
On 7 June 2018, the Supervisory Board, acting in line with the recommendation of the Remuneration 
Committee and the AGM decision of 9 May 2018, adopted the mBank S.A. Incentive Programme Rules. 
The Programme replaced the previous programmes, i.e. the employee programme introduced by the EGM 
resolution of 27 October 2008, as amended, and the programme for the Management Board Members, 
introduced by the AGM resolution of 14 March 2008, as amended. In 2021, the Bank completed the last 
settlements of these programs - rights to deferred tranches as part of the bonus granted for 2017. 
The Incentive Programme for the Management Board Members and Key Staff of mBank will be in force 
until 31 December 2028. Eligible persons under the programme include persons holding positions identified 
as having a material impact on the bank's risk profile pursuant to the Risk Takers Identification Policy, 
referred to as Risk Takers I or Risk Takers II, excluding Risk Takers II – Members of the Management 
Board of mBank Hipoteczny S.A., which applies a separate incentive programme. Risk Taker I is defined 
as a Member of the Management Board of mBank. Risk Taker II is defined as a person holding a position 
identified as having a material impact on the Bank's risk profile pursuant to the Risk Takers Identification 
Policy, including a person holding a position of a management board member in the Group subsidiary. On 
the Conditions stipulated in the Incentive Programme Rules and the Risk Takers Remuneration Policy, the 
employees identified as Risk Takers are able to acquire warrants free of charge, and, by way of exercising 
the rights arising from the warrants, to acquire shares. 
In 2021, the Bank issued 17,844 shares pursuant to incentive schemes. In Q1-Q3 2022, the number of shares 
of the Bank increased by 37,843 on the basis of resolution of the Incentive Programme adopted in 2018. 
IT and Operations 
The Bank has a centralised and integrated computer system in place which covers its entire distribution 
network in Poland. The Management Board believes that the telecommunication infrastructure meets 
market standards and is protected with a business continuity solution which is tested regularly. 
The Bank possesses an application environment, which allows for effective management of operating costs 
and enables future developments. The Bank uses more than 380 applications. About half of them support 
the core business of the Bank. 
The information technology systems of material importance to the operations of the Bank are: (i) Globus – 
the Group's central transaction and accounting system for corporate and investment transactions which also 
serves as the legacy system; (ii) Altamira – a system used in the Retail Banking segment for providing 
complex services to customers with respect to banking products through access to the database of the 
Group's products; (iii) CHDB – a comprehensive, common and structured source of historical information 
regarding corporate, retail, investment and private banking information of the Group (it acts as a data 
warehouse for all IT-related information of the Group); (iv) Kondor+, which registers all transactions 
conducted by dealers and presents the transaction data in a form that allows it to be assessed by risk 
management (it also reports on risk and profitability from concluded transactions and controls limits); (v) 
UniFlow – the workflow tracking tool for the Retail Banking segment with all other credit applications 
running through it; (vi) CRD SE – the Group's credit risk calculation tool, which assists in the obligatory 
process of measuring the capital adequacy of the Bank and the Group calculating the credit risk exposure 
of the Group; (vii) CRM – which handles customer relationship management for corporate and retail 
customers; and (viii) applications for ERB settlements (dealing with the NBP with respect to all collateral 
management matters) and applications that help to restructure the Group's suppliers (e.g., CRM and 
Custody). 
Some of the IT systems material to the operations of the Bank and its subsidiaries have been acquired from 
external suppliers (e.g., Globus, Altamira, Kondor+, UniFlow and Custody) and are utilised and/or further 
developed by the Group under standard software licence agreements. About half of the systems referred to

--- Page 200 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 200 - 
70-41040845 
 
above have been developed internally by the Bank. Furthermore, the Group has secured maintenance and 
service support in the event of any IT system breakdowns, as well as IT system updates. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, neither the Bank nor any of its subsidiaries is dependent on any key suppliers of IT 
services and can replace them at any given point in time. 
Ratings 
The table below sets forth information regarding the ratings assigned to the Bank as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
S&P  
Global Ratings  
Fitch 
Ratings 
Long-term Issuer Credit Rating .......................................................................... 
BBB 
BBB- 
Short-term Issuer Credit Rating .......................................................................... 
A-2 
F3 
Viability rating ................................................................................................... 
- 
bbb- 
SACP (stand-alone credit profile) ...................................................................... 
bbb 
- 
Long-Term Financial Institution Resolution Counterparty Rating ..................... 
BBB+ 
- 
Short -Term Financial Institution Resolution Counterparty Rating .................... 
A-2 
- 
Outlook of long-term Issuer Credit Rating ......................................................... 
developing 
negative 
 _______________  
Source: Fitch Ratings and S&P Global Ratings 
Definitions: 
The Issuer Credit Rating is a forward-looking opinion about the Issuer's overall creditworthiness. The Long-term Issuer Credit 
Ratings focus on the Issuer's capacity and willingness over the long-term to meet all of its financial commitments as they come due, 
whereas the Issuer Short-term Credit Rating focuses on the Issuer's capacity and willingness over the short-term to meet all of its 
financial commitments as they come due. 
Viability Ratings (VRs) measure the intrinsic creditworthiness of a financial institution and reflect Fitch's opinion on the likelihood 
that the entity will fail. 
The SACPs refer to S&P Global Ratings' opinion of an issue's or issuer's creditworthiness, in the absence of extraordinary intervention 
from its parent or affiliate or related government.  
An S&P Global Ratings financial institution resolution counterparty rating (RCR) is a forward-looking opinion about an entity's 
creditworthiness in reference to the timely fulfilment of the terms of certain financial obligations that may be protected from default 
within an applicable bail-in resolution process (RCR liabilities). 
Rating outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit rating over the intermediate term. 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P Global Ratings" or "S&P") has assigned the Long-Term 
Credit Rating BBB (developing outlook) to the Bank. According to S&P's rating definitions, an obligor 
rated 'BBB' has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet 
its financial commitments. A positive (+) or negative (-) sign denotes relative standing within the major 
rating categories. An S&P Global Ratings outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit 
rating over an intermediate term (typically six months to two years). A developing outlook indicates that 
S&P may raise, lower or affirm the ratings over the next 12-24 months. 
S&P Global Ratings has assigned a Short-Term Credit Rating A-2 to the Bank. Pursuant to S&P's rating 
definitions, the assigned short-term credit rating of the Bank means the "obligor has satisfactory capacity 
to meet its financial commitments. However, it is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of 
changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in the highest rating category". 
S&P Global Ratings has assigned to the Bank long- and short-term resolution counterparty ratings 
("RCRs") at BBB+ and A-2, respectively. An S&P Global Ratings financial institution resolution 
counterparty rating is a forward-looking opinion about an entity's creditworthiness in reference to the timely 
fulfilment of the terms of certain financial obligations that may be protected from default within an 
applicable bail-in resolution process ("RCR liabilities"). A long-term resolution counterparty rating of 
'BBB' indicates good creditworthiness in reference to RCR liabilities, but the obligor is more likely to be 
affected by adverse business or operating conditions than are obligors with higher resolution counterparty 
ratings. The addition of a plus (+) sign shows relative (higher) standing within the rating category. A short-
term resolution counterparty rating of A-2 indicates satisfactory creditworthiness in reference to RCR

--- Page 201 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 201 - 
70-41040845 
 
liabilities. However, the obligor is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances and economic conditions than obligors with higher short-term resolution counterparty 
ratings. 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") has assigned to the Bank a Long-Term Issuer Default Rating 
("IDR") of BBB- (negative outlook). Pursuant to Fitch's rating definitions, BBB ratings indicate that 
expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is 
considered strong, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. The 
modifier (-) appended to a rating denotes relative status within the rating category. Rating Outlooks indicate 
the direction a rating is likely to move over a one- to two-year period. The negative outlook means that a 
rating may be lowered. 
Fitch has assigned the Bank a Short-Term Issuer Default Rating of F3. Pursuant to Fitch's rating definitions, 
the assigned short-term rating of the Bank denotes fair short-term credit quality. The intrinsic capacity for 
the timely payment of financial commitments is adequate. 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited are established in the European 
Union and are registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch and S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
In 2013, the Bank elected to cease soliciting ratings from Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's"). Any 
ratings published by Moody's ratings entities in connection with the Bank are unsolicited and are based 
purely on publicly available information. Such ratings are therefore not disclosed in this Base Prospectus. 
Funding sources 
The Bank's funding policy is designed to provide it with flexibility to respond to investor demand. This 
approach seeks to strengthen relations with investors and enable the Bank to attract funding on competitive 
terms. The Bank diversifies stable funding sources in terms of clients' groups (from whom it acquires 
deposits), products and currencies groups, and at the same time, maintains liquidity buffer and optimizes 
its balance sheet in terms of profitability. Long-term activities of the Bank in this scope are carried out 
taking into account conditions on funding capacity and business profitability. The Bank raises funding in 
several currencies, with the terms and conditions tailored to the needs of both institutional and private 
investors. Relevant analysis of the stability and structure of the funding sources, including the core and 
concentration level of term deposits and current accounts are performed. Additionally, the Bank analyses 
the volatility of balance sheet and off-balance sheet items, in particular open credit line facilities and current 
accounts and overdrafts limits utilisation.  
mBank Group is characterized by a diversified financing profile which allows for maintaining supervisory 
and internal liquidity measures at a safe level and stable growth of assets. Diversification of the funding 
structure concerns in particular sources, tenors and currency structure, with an emphasis on the main 
currencies (PLN, EUR, CHF, CZK) in which the Group conducts its lending activities, as well as limiting 
large exposures to individual funding providers and taking care of geographic diversification. 
The strategic assumptions concerning the diversification of funding sources and profitable structure of the 
balance sheet are reflected in the financial plan of the Group defined by selected measures, e.g., loans to 
deposits ratio (the ''L/D Ratio''). From the end of 2020 to the end of 2021 the L/D Ratio for the Group 
changed from 78.8 per cent. to 73.8 per cent. As of 30 September 2022, the Group’s L/D Ratio was 72.5 
per cent. 
The Bank aims at building a stable deposit base by offering to clients deposit and investment products, 
regular and specific-purpose savings offerings. Funds acquired from the Bank's clients constitute the major 
funding source for the business activity along with the portfolio of long-term loans from banks and 
issuances of debt securities with maturities over one year. Moreover, in order to acquire funding (also in 
foreign currencies) the Bank uses mid-term and long-term instruments, including credit line facilities on 
the international markets, unsecured issuances, bilateral loans as well as FX swap and CIRS transactions. 
When making funding-related decisions, in order to match the term structure of its funding sources with 
the structure of long-term assets, the Group takes into consideration the supervisory liquidity measures and 
limits, as well as the internal liquidity risk limits.

--- Page 202 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 202 - 
70-41040845 
 
The funding structure of the Group as of 31 December 2021 and 30 September 2022 is presented below. 
 
 
31 December 2021 
30 September 2022 
 
PLN million 
per cent. 
PLN million 
per cent. 
Amounts due to customers ............................
159,935.1 
86.1 
173,304.6 
88.4 
- individual customers .................................
112,446.1 
60.5 
118,549.0 
60.5 
- corporate customers and public sector 
47,489.0 
25.6 
54,755.6 
27.9 
Debt securities issued ....................................
13,429.8 
7.2 
9,511.5 
4.9 
Amounts due to banks ...................................
3,359.6 
1.8 
1,685.3 
0.9 
Subordinated liabilities ..................................
2,624.5 
1.4 
2,807.8 
1.4 
Other sources.................................................
6,472.0 
3.5 
8,792.9 
4.5 
* Other sources include: Financial liabilities held for trading and hedging derivatives, Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk, Liabilities 
included in disposal groups classified as held for sale, Provisions, Current income tax liabilities, Deferred income tax liabilities and Other liabilities. 
 
Source: mBank S.A. Group Audited 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, mBank S.A. Group Unaudited Q3 2022 Condensed 
Consolidated Financial Statements.  
Capital adequacy and capital structure 
In accordance with the CRR Regulation, the consolidated own funds consist of consolidated common equity 
tier 1 capital, consolidated additional Tier 1 capital and consolidated tier 2 capital, however, items that 
could be treated as additional tier 1 capital are not identified in the Group. 
Common equity tier 1 capital of the Group contains: (i) paid up capital instruments and the related share 
premium accounts, (ii) previous years retained earnings, (iii) independently reviewed interim profits, (iv) 
accumulated other comprehensive income, (v) other reserves, (vi) funds for general banking risk, and (vii) 
items deducted from a common equity tier 1 capital (fair value gains and losses arising from the institution's 
own credit risk related to derivative liabilities, value adjustments due to the requirements for prudent 
valuation, intangible assets, the Internal Ratings Based Approach (the ''AIRB'') shortfall of credit risk 
adjustments to expected losses, own Tier 1 instruments, regulatory adjustments relating to accumulated 
other comprehensive income and intangible assets, the amount from the deferred tax assets exceeding the 
10 per cent. threshold of common equity tier 1 capital and net impairment losses).  
Tier 2 capital of the Group contains capital instruments and the related share premium accounts 
(subordinated liabilities with specified maturity and excess of provisions over the expected AIRB 
recognized losses in case of its occurrence). 
The consolidated own funds of the Group as of 31 December 2021 amounted to PLN 15,871,711 thousand 
and the consolidated common equity tier 1 capital of the Group amounted to PLN 13,552,027 thousand (31 
December 2020: PLN 17,588,012 thousand and PLN 15,046,912 thousand respectively). 
The capital adequacy ratios are presented in the section "Selected Financial Information of the Issuer and 
Overview of the Group's Financial Condition - Group Financial Information for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 and for the first nine months of the period ended 30 September 
2022 and 30 September 2021 - Capital Adequacy". 
Insurance Coverage 
The Bank maintains insurance coverage against risks of physical damage or loss to fixed assets. The Bank 
has insurance coverage against fire, lightning, hurricane, hail, flood, earthquake and others, as well as theft 
and burglary, acts of vandalism, riots, strikes and acts of terror. Moreover, the Bank has insurance coverage 
against civil liability towards third parties for any assets held or activities conducted with professional 
business activity covered under its professional liability policy. Insurance policies are renewed annually. 
The Bank maintains professional liability insurance coverage for its business in connection with potential 
customer claims due to errors, mistakes or wrongful acts committed by the Bank and/or its employees 
during rendering of professional services. In addition, the Bank is insured against banking crime risks, with 
such insurance specifically covering damages related to money, funds or property misappropriated by 
employees and for damages resulting from unauthorised operations by a third party related to information 
technology crimes.

--- Page 203 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 203 - 
70-41040845 
 
The Bank believes that its insurance coverage is in line with market practice for banks in Poland. 
 
In addition, the members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board and the members of the 
management and supervisory boards of certain subsidiaries are subject to civil liability insurance related to 
their functions, including director and officer liability (D&O) insurance. 
The Bank believes that its insurance coverage is in line with market practice for banks in Poland. 
Regulatory Issues 
The operations of the Group carried out in the financial sector are subject to supervision and the need to 
obtain relevant permits by the Group. 
The activities subject to supervision are carried out by the Bank and its subsidiaries, mBank Hipoteczny 
S.A. and mTowarzystwo Funduszy Inwestycyjnych S.A. 
mTowarzystwo Funduszy Inwestycyjnych S.A. was founded on 8 April 2021, but has not started operations 
yet. 
The operations of the Group are subject to the strict supervision of the KNF and other supervisory 
authorities, and are in accordance with EU and Polish regulations and the provisions of local law, as well 
as with specific recommendations, instructions, guidelines and operational and equity-related requirements 
(see Market and Legal Environment) below. In the course of its business, the Group is subject to various 
inspections, checks, audits and inquiries conducted by different regulatory authorities supervising the 
financial services sector and other areas of activities of the Group. 
Legal, Administrative and Arbitration Proceedings 
Introduction 
To the best of the Bank's knowledge, as of 31 October 2022, the Bank and its subsidiaries are party to 
22,697 court cases, in 4,893 of which it is the plaintiff and in 17,801 it is the defendant. To the best of the 
Bank's knowledge, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the total value of claims in which the Bank is 
acting as defendant amounts to some PLN 6,919.4 million, while the total value of claims brought by the 
Bank amounts to some PLN 1,397.4 million.  
As of 30 September 2022, the provisions for legal proceedings amounted to PLN 653.1 million. This 
amount includes PLN 613.4 million of provisions for legal proceedings relating to loans in foreign 
currencies. 
The cumulative impact of legal risk associated with litigation (individual lawsuits and class actions) related 
to indexation clauses in CHF mortgages and housing loans and the settlement program as of 30 September 
2022 was PLN 6,838.4 million. This includes the impact of legal risk related to active loans and settlement 
program recognised as a reduction of gross carrying amount of loans in the amount of PLN 6,234.1 million 
and the impact of legal risk concerning individual lawsuits and class actions case related to repaid loans 
and low value active loans recorded as provisions for legal proceedings in the amount of PLN 604.3 million. 
According to information available to the Bank, as at the date of this Base Prospectus and over the 12 
months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, no administrative, civil, arbitration or criminal 
proceedings, which could have impacted or recently have impacted the financial position of the Group or 
its operating results, other than the proceedings described in this Base Prospectus, were pending against the 
Bank or the Group companies. 
Material court proceedings pending within 12 months before the date of this Base Prospectus 
A lawsuit filed by LPP S.A. 
On 17 May 2018, the Bank received a lawsuit filed by LPP S.A. with its registered office in Gdańsk seeking 
damages amounting to PLN 96,307,000 on account of interchange fee. In the lawsuit, LPP S.A. petitioned 
the court for awarding the damages jointly from mBank S.A. and from another domestic bank.

--- Page 204 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 204 - 
70-41040845 
 
The plaintiff accuses the two sued banks as well as other banks operating in Poland of taking part in a 
collusion breaching the Competition and Consumer Protection Act and the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union. In the plaintiff's opinion, the collusion took the form of an agreement in restriction of 
competition in the market of acquiring services connected with settling clients' liabilities towards the 
plaintiff on account of payments for goods purchased by them with payment cards in the territory of Poland. 
On 16 August 2018, the Bank has submitted its statement of defence and requested that the action be 
dismissed. The court accepted the Defendants' requests to summon sixteen banks to join the proceedings 
and ordered that the banks be served with the summons. Two banks have notified of their intention to 
intervene in the case as an indirect intervener. 
A lawsuit filed by Polski Koncern Naftowy ORLEN S.A. 
On 7 February 2020, the Bank received a lawsuit filed by Polski Koncern Naftowy ORLEN S.A. ("Orlen") 
with its registered office in Płock seeking damages amounting to PLN 635,681,000 on account of 
interchange fee. In the lawsuit, Orlen petitioned the court for awarding the damages jointly from mBank 
S.A. and other domestic banks and from Master Card Europe and Visa Europe Management Services. 
The plaintiff accuses the two sued banks as well as other banks operating in Poland of taking part in a 
collusion breaching the Competition and Consumer Protection Act and the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union, i.e. a collusion restricting competition in the market of acquiring services connected 
with settling clients' liabilities towards the plaintiff on account of card payments for goods and services 
purchased by clients on the territory of Poland. On 28 May 2020, the Bank filed a response to the lawsuit 
and requested that the claim be dismissed. The court accepted the Defendants' requests to summon sixteen 
banks to participate in the case and ordered the banks to be served with the letters with the request for the 
summons. Two banks joined the case as secondary interveners. 
Class action against mBank S.A. concerning indexation clauses 
On 4 April 2016, the Municipal Consumer Ombudsman, representing a group of 390 individuals, retail 
clients of the Bank, who had entered into CHF-indexed mortgage loans with the Bank, filed a class action 
with the Regional Court in Łódź against the Bank. 
The class action includes alternative claims for declaring invalidity of the loan agreements in part i.e. in the 
scope of the provisions related to indexation, or in whole; or for finding that the indexation provisions are 
invalid as they permit indexation of over 20 per cent. and below 20 per cent. at the CHF exchange rate from 
the table of exchange rates of the Bank applicable as at the date of conclusion of each of the loan agreements. 
As decided by the Court on 13 March 2018, the Group is composed of 1,731 persons. On 19 October 2018 
the court issued a judgment in which it dismissed all claim of the plaintiff. In the oral justification, the court 
stated that the Plaintiff had not shown that he had a legal interest in bringing the claim in question, and 
referred to the validity of loan agreements indexed by CHF, stressing that both the contract itself and the 
indexation clause are in compliance with both applicable regulations and rules of social coexistence. On 11 
January 2019, the appeal of the plaintiff was lodged, to which the Bank submitted a response. On 27 
February 2020, a hearing was held at the Court of Appeal in Łódź. On 9 March 2020, a verdict was passed 
in a case in which the Court of Appeal referred the case for re-examination of the Regional Court. On 9 
June 2020, the Court of Appeal agreed to the plaintiff's motion to secure the plaintiff's claims by suspending 
the obligation to repay principal and interest instalments and prohibiting the Bank from issuing calls for 
payment and terminating loan agreements.  
On 12 January 2022, a hearing was held before the Regional Court in Łódź, and on 9 February 2022 the 
court issued a verdict dismissing the claim of the group of 1,731 persons in its entirety. The plaintiff 
appealed against this verdict. As of 30 September 2022, the amount of provisions related to the class action 
was PLN 307.4 million. 
Individual court proceedings concerning indexation clauses to CHF 
Apart from the class action proceeding, there are also individual court proceedings initiated against the 
Bank by its customers in connection with CHF loan agreements. As of 30 September 2022, 17,103 
individual court proceedings (31 December 2021: 13,373 proceedings) were initiated against the Bank by 
its customers in connection with CHF loan agreements, with the total value of claims amounting to PLN 
5,256.1 million (31 December 2021: PLN 3,506.5 million).

--- Page 205 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 205 - 
70-41040845 
 
Out of the individual proceedings, 16,861 proceedings (31 December 2021: 13,036 proceedings) with the 
total value of claims amounting to PLN 5,250.9 million (31 December 2021: PLN 3,499.9 million) were 
related to indexation clauses in CHF loan agreements. They include claims for declaring ineffectiveness or 
invalidity in part (i.e. to the extent that the agreement contains contractual provisions related to indexation) 
or invalidity in whole of the loan agreements. 
As of 30 September 2022, the Bank received 1,338 final rulings in individual lawsuits (31 December 2021: 
473 final rulings), out of which 95 rulings were favourable to the Bank and 1,243 rulings were unfavourable 
(31 December 2021: 82 rulings favourable and 391 unfavourable). At the same time (as of 30 September 
2022), 39 proceedings at the second instance courts have remained suspended due to the legal issues 
referred to the Supreme Court and the CJEU. The Bank submits cassation appeals to the Supreme Court 
against legally binding judgments unfavourable for the Bank. 
The carrying amount of mortgage and housing loans granted to individual customers in CHF as of 30 
September 2022 amounted to PLN 7.0 billion (i.e. CHF 1.4 billion) compared to PLN 9.1 billion (i.e. CHF 
2.0 billion) as at the end of 2021. Additionally the volume of the portfolio of loans granted in CHF to 
individual customers that were already fully repaid as of 30 September 2022, taking into account the 
exchange rate on the date of disbursement of individual loan tranches, amounted to PLN 7.1 billion (31 
December 2021: PLN 6.6 billion). 
Material administrative proceedings pending within 12 months before the date of the Base Prospectus 
Proceedings initiated by the OCCP 
• 
Proceedings for considering provisions of a master agreement as abusive were instituted ex officio on 
12 April 2019. The proceedings concern amendment clauses stipulating under which circumstances 
the Bank is authorised to amend the Conditions of the agreement, including the amount of fees and 
commissions. In the opinion of the President of the OCCP, the amendment clauses used by the Bank 
give it an unlimited right to unilaterally and freely change the manner of performing the agreement. As 
a consequence, the President of the OCCP represents the view that the clauses used by the bank define 
the rights and obligations of consumers contrary to good morals and grossly violate their interest and, 
thus, are abusive. The Bank does not agree with this stance and presented arguments supporting its 
position in subsequent letters. In a letter of 2 August 2022, the President of the OCCP extended the 
proceedings until 31 December 2022. 
• 
On 21 July 2017, the OCCP instigated proceedings against the Bank with regard to violation of 
consumers’ collective interests. The OCCP charged the Bank with failing to adequately inform clients 
about FX risk and about shifting FX risk onto consumers, and with incorrectly determining (inflating) 
credit instalments. In the letter dated 18 August 2017 the Bank responded to the charges. In the letter 
dated 18 February 2019 the President of the OCCP requested detailed information on the handling of 
mortgages indexed to foreign currencies, to which the Bank replied. In the letter dated 14 October 2021 
the President of the OCCP informed the Bank that the evidentiary proceedings had ended and appointed 
a time limit for the Bank to peruse the case file and to comment on the evidence collected in the case. 
The Bank commented on the evidence collected within the prescribed period. The President of the 
OCCP extended the termination of the proceedings until 31 July 2022. As at the date of the Base 
Prospectus, the Group has not received information about another extension of the proceedings. 
• 
On 18 July 2022, the OCCP initiated proceedings for violation of the collective interests of consumers 
through: 
 
- 
failing, after a consumer notification an unauthorised transaction, to refund the unauthorised 
transaction or restore the account to its pre-transaction state; and  
 
- 
providing consumers with information in response to complaints that proper authentication of the 
transaction complained of, excludes the obligation to refund the transaction. 
 
Proceedings have also been initiated against four other banks.  
 
Previously, the OCCP had conducted an investigation into the matter, initiated on 23 June 2021, in 
which the Bank provided explanations on 4 August 2021. In a letter of 22 August 2022, the Bank 
adopted a position on the allegations contained in the decision of 18 July 2022.

--- Page 206 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 206 - 
70-41040845 
 
Inspection by the KNF Office 
Between October and December 2018 the KNF carried out an inspection in the Bank in order to investigate 
whether the activities of the Bank in the area of fulfilling its duties as the depositary were in conformity 
with the law and agreements on the performance of functions of the depositary, in particular in conformity 
with the Act of 27 May 2004 on Investment Funds and Management of Alternative Investment Funds. 
The detailed findings of the inspection were presented in the protocol delivered to the Bank on 11 February 
2019. The Bank delivered to the KNF its objections to the protocol as well as additional explanations related 
to the issues being the subject of the inspection. On 1 April 2019, the Bank received the KNF response to 
the objections to the inspection protocol as well as recommendations in regard to the adjustment of the 
Bank's activity as a depositary bank for investment funds to the applicable law. All objections of the Bank 
have been rejected by the regulator. 
On 25 April 2019, the Bank submitted to the KNF Office a declaration of actions taken as realisation of 
post-inspection recommendations. On 4 September 2019, the KNF objected to the implementation of 
selected recommendations. On 11 October 2019, the Bank submitted to the KNF the response addressing 
given objections, in which the description of taken actions was further specified as well as some new 
solutions for implementation were presented. On 5 December 2019, the KNF sent to the Bank a reply to 
the letter containing the acceptance of some of the Bank's activities aimed at implementing post-audit 
recommendations and clarifications of other expectations that are being implemented. On 14 May 2020, 
the Bank formally confirmed the implementation of all the KNF recommendations. 
On 27 February 2020, the Bank received the decision of the KNF dated 25 February 2020 to initiate 
administrative proceedings regarding the imposition of an administrative penalty on the Bank, pursuant to 
the provisions of the Act dated 27 May 2004 on investment funds and management of alternative investment 
funds. On 23 April 2021, the Bank received a decision of the KNF dated 16 April 2021 regarding this 
proceeding, imposing a fine on the Bank in the total amount of PLN 4.3 million, which was paid on 17 
March 2022. 
On 7 May 2021, the Bank applied to the KNF for reconsideration of the case. On 17 December 2021, the 
KNF upheld its decision of 16 April 2021. On 21 January 2022, the Bank filed a complaint with the 
Voivodship Administrative Court against the decision of the KNF. On 24 August 2022, the Voivodeship 
Administrative Court in Warsaw dismissed the Bank's complaint against the decision of the KNF. The Bank 
analyses whether it is justified to bring a cassation appeal to the Supreme Administrative Court. 
Tax inspections 
On 11 May 2021, the Head of the Customs and Tax Office in Opole has initiated tax audits regarding the 
correctness and reliability of withholding tax settlements on payments listed in Art. 21 sec. 1 of the Act of 
15 February 1992 on corporate income tax for the years 2018 and 2019. The tax audit is under way. 
On 9 September 2022, the Office for Selected Economic Entities (Úrad pre vybrané hospodárske subjekty) 
in Bratislava initiated tax audits regarding the correctness of settlements of corporate income tax for the 
year 2019 in mBank S.A. Slovak Branch. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the tax audit is under way. 
The tax authorities may inspect at any time the books and records within five years subsequent to the 
reported tax year and may impose additional tax assessments and penalties. In the opinion of the 
Management Board there are no circumstances, which would indicate that crystallising of material tax 
liabilities in this respect is probable. 
Inspection by ZUS  
On 16 May 2022, mFinanse S.A., a subsidiary of the Bank, received a notice of intent to initiate an 
inspection by ZUS regarding the correctness and reliability of calculating social insurance contributions 
and other contributions that ZUS is required to collect, as well as reporting for social insurance and health 
insurance for the years 2018-2021. As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the inspection has not been 
completed.  
The company is in dispute with the ZUS over the interpretation of the application of the social security 
regulation in the area of the cooperation model involving the simultaneous employment of intermediaries 
on a part-time basis and a civil law contract. There are currently eight cases at the court stage in the area of

--- Page 207 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 207 - 
70-41040845 
 
the cooperation model used by the company. The Group's position is that the cooperation model used by 
the company complies with the provisions of the law, including the Banking Law in terms of providing 
credit intermediaries with access to data covered by bank secrecy. 
In connection with the above inspection, as of 30 September 2022, the Group created a provision in the 
amount of PLN 99.3 million. 
Intellectual Property 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group holds protection rights to more nearly 280 trademarks 
registered in the territory of Poland. In addition to the domestic registrations (and/or applications), the 
Group's trademarks are protected (and/or applied for registration) in the territory of some other European 
countries, of which the most important are the Czech Republic and Slovakia, as well as in the territory of 
the entire European Union as community trademarks. There are 70 trademarks registered in the European 
Union Intellectual Property Office and 34 trademarks registered in the World Intellectual Property 
Organization. 
The said trademarks are the names and logos of the Bank and its subsidiaries, the Bank's brands (including 
mBank) as well as the Group's products and services. Some of the Group's trademarks represent old logos 
and, as such, are no longer material for the Group's operations. Following the rebranding process, the most 
important trademarks are the "m" and "mBank" figurative trademarks. 
Website Domains 
The Group maintains 970 domain names, of which the most important is "mbank.pl". The website located 
under the said domain name includes information on the Bank and its subsidiaries, as well as on the products 
and services offered by the Group.

--- Page 208 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 208 - 
70-41040845 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
The following is a summary only of the Group's risk management system. For a more detailed discussion 
of the Group's risk management system, see Note 3 in the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Overview 
The Group's risk management system is a crucial component of the overall management of its activities 
and is designed to: (i) identify and assess the various risks associated with the activities of each of the 
Group's individual business lines and the Group as a whole; (ii) control and mitigate such risks, (iii) ensure 
that the Group's activities comply with regulatory requirements; and (iv) optimise the use of the Group's 
economic and regulatory capital. 
The underlying principle of risk management is to optimise the allocation of the Group's available resources, 
being the available funding base, its own capital, and its ability to generate current profits to fund the 
achievement of the pursued business goals, while ensuring liquidity and adequate capitalisation. The 
Group's risk management system addresses all the risk types relevant for the Group. In co-operation with 
the Group subsidiaries, the Bank identifies and assesses all the risk types relevant from the point of view 
of the scale and scope of the Group's operations. For this purpose, the principles laid down in the document 
entitled "Internal Capital and Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP/ILAAP) in the Group – 
Governing Principles" are applied. Those measures result in the estimation of capital necessary to cover 
risk. 
The risk management process takes place at every level of the Bank's operations: from individual business 
units, through specialised units responsible for the identification, measurement, monitoring, control and 
mitigation of risk, to the major decision-making bodies, i.e. the Management Board and the Supervisory 
Board of the Bank (including the Risk Committee of the Supervisory Board). 
Individual risks are monitored and controlled by relevant organisational units within the Bank and those of 
its subsidiaries. Internal policies and procedures have been implemented with respect to the management, 
mitigation and reporting of these risks. In selected risk management areas, contingency plans and 
procedures have been implemented to address any particular risks and are intended to be applied if a 
particular risk increases significantly. 
Risk appetite is defined within the Group as the maximum risk, in terms of both amount and structure, 
which the Bank is willing and able to incur in pursuing its business objectives under a going concern 
scenario (beyond the inherent existential risks). Risk appetite resulting from the available capital and 
funding base is the starting point in the Group's risk management, and thus impacts the budgeting process 
and the capital allocation process. 
Risk appetite results from an assessment of the Group risk profile and risk capacity from the perspective 
of: 
• 
capital; 
• 
funding; 
• 
non-financial risks; 
• 
factors related to environmental (mainly climate), social and corporate governance threats; and 
• 
Risk Adjusted Performance Measures. 
Risk appetite is the starting point for an ongoing dialogue about the risk profile within the organisation. 
Strategic dialogue on risk appetite is primarily a structured, several-stage discussion between the members 
of the Management Board. This discussion is supported by bottom-up analyses and expert panel discussions. 
Thanks to this formula: (i) the opportunities and threats facing the Group in a broad perspective can be 
captured, (ii) actions to support the implementation of plans and the necessary actions to mitigate threats 
can be considered. 
As a result of strategic discussions, the Management Board outlines general directions for the development 
of the Group and particular business lines. The formulated general statements assure the foundation of

--- Page 209 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 209 - 
70-41040845 
 
ongoing dialogue between management and the Management Board, which materialises in the form of 
portfolio-specific statements. During the planning process, risk appetite statements undergo further 
deconstruction into key metrics and targets, which are then passed down into the organisation. 
Documentation of risk appetite and its monitoring activates appropriate control mechanism for protecting 
the Group's goals. 
Division of responsibilities in the risk management process 
The Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board exercises constant supervision over the Bank's risk management system, which 
includes approving the Risk Management Strategy of the Group and supervising its implementation. 
The Risk Committee of the Supervisory Board 
The Risk Committee of the Supervisory Board exercises constant supervision over the credit, market, 
liquidity and non-financial (including operational) risks. In particular, the Committee issues 
recommendations regarding approval of risk management strategies, by the Supervisory Board. In addition, 
the Committee issues recommendations in terms of individual counterparty risk, in accordance with the 
parameters defined by the Supervisory Board. 
The Management Board 
The Management Board of the Bank designs, implements and ensures the operation of the risk management 
system. In particular, the Management Board defines and implements the Risk Management Strategy of the 
Group and is responsible for establishing and implementing the principles of managing individual risk types 
and for their coherence with the Risk Management Strategy. Moreover, the Management Board defines the 
organisational structure of the Bank and allocates tasks and responsibilities to individual organisational 
units, ensuring the appropriate distribution of roles in risk management. 
The Management Board ensures that the Bank manages all material types of risk and has procedures in 
place to manage these risks. In particular, the Management Board is responsible for preparation, 
implementation, effectiveness and update of written strategies, policies and procedures which address the 
risk management system, internal capital adequacy assessment process, capital management and capital 
planning and internal control system. 
The Chief Risk Officer 
The Chief Risk Officer is responsible for integrated management of the risk and capital of the Bank and the 
Group in the scope of defining strategies and policies, measuring, controlling and independent reporting on 
all risk types (in particular credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk and non-financial risk, including 
operational risk), approving limits (according to internal regulations) and for processes of managing the 
risk of the retail credit portfolio and corporate portfolio. 
Committees: 
Business and Risk Forum of the Group 
The Business and Risk Forum is a platform for making decisions and dialogue for organisational units in 
particular business lines and the risk management area in mBank as well as between mBank and the Group 
subsidiaries. 
The Business and Risk Forum is constituted by the following bodies: 
• 
Retail Banking Risk Committee (KRD); 
• 
Corporate and Investment Banking Risk Committee (KRK); and 
• 
Financial Markets Risk Committee (KRF). 
The committees are composed of the representatives of business lines and respective risk management 
departments in the Bank and respective organisational units in the Group's subsidiaries.

--- Page 210 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 210 - 
70-41040845 
 
The main function of the above-mentioned committees is to develop the principles of risk management and 
risk appetite in the given business line, by taking decisions and making recommendations concerning, in 
particular: 
• 
risk policies; 
• 
processes and tools for risk assessment; 
• 
the risk limitation system; 
• 
assessing the quality and profitability of portfolio of exposures to clients; 
• 
liquidity risk issues such as methodology and limits; and 
• 
approval of introducing new products to the offer. 
Model Risk Committee 
The Model Risk Committee is responsible for supervising the model risk management process. The 
Committee performs information, discussion, decision and legislative functions. In particular, the 
Committee: 
• 
approves new and redesigned models, as well as significant amendments thereto (in accordance with 
the internal process of accepting amendments), and decides about the resignation from the application 
of the model; 
• 
takes decisions on the scope of application of the Group and external models, including central models, 
in banking processes; 
• 
recommends the tolerance level for model risk and submits its findings to the decision of the 
Management Board and the Supervisory Board; 
• 
takes the final decision regarding approval of the significance assigned to a given model; 
• 
approves preventive and remedial measures indicated within the results of monitoring; and 
• 
accepts the schedule for validation of models and the results of each model validation. 
Capital, Assets and Liabilities Committee 
Capital, Assets and Liabilities Committee is responsible for the systematic monitoring of the balance sheet 
structure and capital, and the allocation of funds within acceptable risks. Its purpose is to optimise the 
financial result, as well as to shape and allocate capital in a way that maximises return on equity of the 
Group. 
Credit Committee of the Group 
The Credit Committee of the Group makes loan decisions and issues recommendations, and thus has an 
impact on the implementation of concentration risk management principles in particular in terms of 
exposures to individual clients and group of affiliated entities, including large exposures. The Committee 
also takes decisions on debt conversion into shares, stocks, etc. as well as decisions on taking over 
properties in return for debts (applies to the Bank). 
Investment Banking Committee 
The Investment Banking Committee is responsible, in particular, for the control and management of risks 
(including market, credit, reputational and operational) of the Brokerage Bureau transactions and making 
decisions regarding the execution of these transactions. 
Sustainable Development Committee of the Group 
The Sustainable Development Committee of the Group is a platform for making decisions and issuing 
recommendations, and dialogue on sustainable development between the organisational units of the Bank,

--- Page 211 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 211 - 
70-41040845 
 
and between the Bank and the Group subsidiaries. The Committee shapes, promotes and monitors 
sustainable development in the Group.  
In particular, the committee: 
• 
supervises the ESG management system in the Group; 
• 
indicates the main directions of activities and organises the ESG management system; 
• 
monitors the implementation of the ESG goals set out in the Group’s strategy; 
• 
carries out tasks related to the issuance of green debt instruments; 
• 
initiates and gives opinions on new initiatives and activities supporting the implementation of ESG 
goals in the Group. 
The Committee for Data Quality and Information Systems Development 
The Committee for Data Quality and Information Systems Development ensures conditions for the creation, 
maintenance and development of an effective data quality management system and development of 
information systems within the rules set out in the Bank's Data Governance Procedures. 
Foreign Branch Supervision Committee  
The Foreign Branch Supervision Committee is responsible, among other things, for issuing 
recommendations for the Management Board of the Bank in relation to the operational strategy and the 
rules for stable and prudent management of a particular foreign branch of the Bank, especially with 
reference to credit risk. 
Organisational units of the risk management area 
The function of management at the strategic level and the function of control of credit, market, liquidity 
and operational risks and risk of models used to quantify the aforesaid risk types are performed in the risk 
management area supervised by the Deputy Chairman of the Management Board in the role of Chief Risk 
Officer.

--- Page 212 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 212 - 
70-41040845 
 
The chart below presents the organisational structure of this area: 
 
The roles played by particular organisational units of the risk management area in the process of identifying, 
measuring, monitoring and controlling risk, which also includes assessing individual credit risk posed by 
clients have been strictly defined. Within the scope of their powers, the units develop methodologies and 
systems supporting the aforesaid areas. Furthermore, the risk control units also report on risk and support 
the major authorities of the Bank. 
Risk culture 
Risk culture is understood as the norms, attitudes and behaviours that relate to risk awareness, risk taking, 
risk management, and the control mechanisms that shape risk decisions. A proper and consistent risk culture 
is a key element of effective risk management. The risk culture influences the decisions and risks taken by 
the management and employees in the course of day-to-day operations. That is why it is developed and 
promoted. The foundations of the risk culture implemented in the Group have been specified in the Risk 
Management Strategy of the Group and strategies for managing individual types of risk approved by the 
Management Board and the Supervisory Board of mBank. 
Lines of defence 
Risk management roles and responsibilities in the Group are organised around the three lines of defence 
scheme: 
1. 
The first line of defence is the Business (i.e. the Group's business lines), whose task is to take risk 
and capital aspects into consideration when making all business decisions, within the risk appetite 
set for the Group. 
2. 
The second line of defence, mainly the organisational units of the risk management area (Risk), 
Security and Compliance function, creates framework and guidelines concerning managing 
individual risks, supports and supervises Business in their implementation and independently 
analyses and assesses the risk. The main goal for the second line functions is to create oversight 
over the Group's control environment and risk exposure. The second line of defence acts 
independently of the Business. 
Deputy Chairman of the Management Board 
Chief Risk Officer
Integrated Risk Management Department
Risk Projects and Architecture Department
Balance Risk Management Department
Corporate Risk Assessment Department
Corporate Risk Processes Department
Retail Risk Management Department
Retail Debt Restructuring and Collection Department
Credit Processes and Retail Risk Assessment Department
Collateral Management Department

--- Page 213 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 213 - 
70-41040845 
 
3. 
The third line of defence is Internal Audit, which independently assesses risk management 
activities of both the first and the second lines of defence. 
Philosophy of risk management 
The risk management framework in the Group rests on the three pillars concept: 
1. 
Supporting sustainable growth through the development of tools and processes designed from the 
client's perspective. 
2. 
Pursuing prudent and stable risk management – shaping a safe and profitable balance sheet, 
managing risk in the Group in an integrated manner. 
3. 
Developing the risk management area in response to the challenges of the changing world. 
Risk reporting 
The Bank has adopted the principle of double risk reporting. On the one hand, the directors of the Bank's 
organisational units that deal with risk management on an operational level report directly and on an 
ongoing basis to the Management Board members responsible for the relevant units. On the other hand, the 
risk management area's departments that monitor and control quantifiable risks submit independent risk 
reports to the Deputy Chairman of the Management Board, the Chief Risk Officer and to the appropriate 
committees of the Bank's Management Board (including committees operating within the Business and 
Risk Forum). 
Integrated information on risk and capital management is provided to the Management Board members in 
a monthly report. The Management Board, the Risk Committee of the Supervisory Board and the 
Supervisory Board receive, on a quarterly basis, a comprehensive Risk and Capital Monitor ("RCM") 
report. The RCM report covers credit, market, liquidity and non-financial risks (including operational risk) 
as well as capital adequacy of the Group. Moreover, this report also covers the most important risk signals 
and observations as well as early warning information.

--- Page 214 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 214 - 
70-41040845 
 
MARKET AND LEGAL ENVIRONMENT 
Market 
The information presented in this section has been extracted from publicly available sources and documents. 
The source of external information is always given if such information is used in this section. While 
reviewing, searching for and processing macroeconomic, market, industry or other data from external 
sources, such as the KNF or government publications, none of it has been independently verified by the 
Group, the Arranger or the Dealers or any of their affiliates or the Group's advisers in connection with the 
Programme. 
The Bank does not intend to and does not warrant to update the data concerning the market or the industry 
as presented in this section, subject to the duties resulting from generally binding regulations. 
The Polish Economy 
Poland is the largest economy in the Central and Eastern European ("CEE") region, with a track record of 
steady growth despite prolonged turmoil on the international financial markets. Poland, with 38.4 million 
residents, remains the largest accession member of the EU and the sixth largest EU country by population. 
The Polish economy's strength is underpinned by the following factors: 
• 
the private debt of non-financial enterprises and households is relatively low; 
• 
the currency regime in Poland is flexible; 
• 
Poland's exports and economy do not depend on a single sector and the domestic market is broad; 
• 
the Polish banking sector remains well-capitalised, liquid and profitable; and 
• 
the macroeconomic policy is geared towards maintaining long-term, high and sustainable growth. 
Since joining the EU in 2004, Poland has benefited significantly from EU structural funds, allowing the 
government to invest in infrastructural and social development. Adjustments to the EU standards have 
supported the country's modernisation. 
Poland's monetary policy framework is laid out in the Constitution and the Act on the National Bank of 
Poland. The NBP is responsible for the implementation of the monetary policy, the basic objective of which 
is to maintain price stability while supporting the government's economic policy. For nearly 20 years, the 
Monetary Policy Council (MPC) has been conducting monetary policy with a direct inflation targeting 
strategy. In 2004, the MPC adopted an inflation target of 2.5 per cent. with a symmetrical tolerance band 
for deviations of ± 1 per cent. The principles of the monetary policy strategy and the inflation target level 
remain unchanged. 
In 2021, the Polish economy grew by 6.8 per cent. Private consumption increased by 6.3 per cent. year-on-
year and investment outlays by 2.1 per cent. Poland's GDP surpassed the pre-pandemic levels. Strong GDP 
growth allowed for tightening in the labour market manifested in employment increase, spectacular wage 
increases and falling unemployment. The unemployment rate decreased to 5.4 per cent. in December 2021 
from 6.3 per cent. in December 2020. The unemployment rate in Poland was well below the EU average. 
According to Eurostat, which uses a its own methodology, the seasonally adjusted unemployment rate in 
Poland in December 2021 reached 3.0 per cent. compared with 6.4 per cent. in the European Union (EU-
27) and 7.0 per cent. in the Eurozone. 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021  
 
 
GDP growth (YoY) ........................  
3.1 
4.8 
5.9 
4.5 
-2.0 
6.8 
   Domestic demand (YoY) .............  
2.3 
4.9 
6.3 
3.3 
-2.7 
8.4 
   Private consumption (YoY) .........  
3.9 
4.8 
4.4 
3.5 
-3.6 
6.3 
   Investment (YoY) ........................  
-8.2 
4.0 
12.6 
6.2 
-2.3 
2.1 
Exports growth (GUS, YoY) ..........  
6.7 
8.2 
6.1 
4.4 
1.0 
12.8 
Imports growth (GUS, YoY) ..........  
6.4 
10.5 
7.1 
3.0 
0.2 
15.5 
Current account balance / GDP ......  
-0.8 
-0.3 
-1.3 
0.5 
2.9 
-0.6 
Inflation (Dec./Dec.) ......................  
0.8 
2.1 
1.1 
3.4 
2.4 
8.6

--- Page 215 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 215 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021  
Unemployment rate (eop) ...............  
8.2 
6.6 
5.8 
5.2 
6.3 
5.4 
MPC rate (eop) ...............................  
1.50 
1.50 
1.50 
1.50 
0.10 
1.75 
WIBOR 3M (eop) ..........................  
1.73 
1.72 
1.72 
1.71 
0.21 
2.54 
 
 
EUR/PLN (eop) ..............................  
4.4240 
4.1709 
4.3000 
4.2585 
4.6148 
4.5994 
CHF/PLN (eop) ..............................  
4.1173 
3.5672 
3.8166 
3.9213 
4.2641 
4.4484 
USD/PLN (eop) ..............................  
4.1793 
3.4813 
3.7597 
3.7977 
3.7584 
4.0600 
Source: Central Statistical Office of Poland (Główny Urząd Statystyczny, "GUS"), NBP, WSE. 
In 2022, supply chain problems, the Ukraine invasion and the energy crisis have transformed the global 
macro environment and adversely impacted the Polish economy. 
The Polish economy entered 2022 with high momentum. The Russian invasion in Ukraine at the end of 
February 2022 undermined the economic outlook. The war in Ukraine led to a sudden deterioration in the 
business climate assessments among households and enterprises in Poland. The global shock on the raw 
materials markets accompanied by a sharp depreciation of the Polish currency strengthened inflation 
processes.  
The GDP growth in Poland in the first quarter of 2022 reached 8.5 per cent. year-on-year. The largest 
contribution to growth came from inventories. Consumption grew by 6.6 per cent. year-on-year. It was 
supported by rising spending fuelled by wage growth, favourable labour market dynamics and a large influx 
of Ukrainian refugees. According to the flash estimate released by Statistics Poland, GDP in the second 
quarter of 2022 grew by 5.3 per cent. year-on-year. Seasonally-adjusted GDP in the second quarter fell 2.3 
per cent. quarter on quarter. A sharp slowdown resulted mainly from lower contribution of change in 
inventories, which was extremely strong in the first quarter and weak investments due to increased 
uncertainty and rising interest rates. Lower GDP growth in the second quarter and disappointing readings 
from other countries, such as Germany, significantly raise the risk that economic downturn is underway in 
Poland. 
The deceleration of GDP results from several factors, including the global slowdown, interest rate hikes 
and the real effects of price increases. However, demand for labour remains strong, with the second-lowest 
reported unemployment in the EU. In September 2022, the unemployment rate in Poland was 5.1 per cent.  
Inflation in Poland increased from 2.4 per cent. in December 2020 to 8.6 per cent. in December 2021. 
Average inflation in 2021 was 5.1 per cent. Base inflation, after eliminating food and energy prices, was 
5.7 per cent. in December 2021 compared with 3.7 per cent. at the end of 2020. The Harmonised Index of 
Consumer Prices ("HICP") in Poland, which is computed by Member States of the European Union 
according to a uniform methodology, reached 8.0 per cent. on an annual basis in December 2021 and it was 
higher than the average level recorded in the EU. The average HICP index was 5.3 per cent. in the European 
Union (EU-27) and 5.0 per cent. in the Eurozone.   
Between January and September 2022, inflation in Poland accelerated markedly. The effects of the war in 
Ukraine came on top of previous increases of the Consumer Price Index driven by supply-side and global 
factors – higher prices of natural gas, coal, oil and food prices as well as disruptions in supply chains due 
the COVID-19 pandemic. The government responded with discretionary cuts in taxes to lower prices of 
some goods, like food, fuel, energy, natural gas and heat (the anti-inflation shield). In June 2022, inflation 
in Poland reached 15.5 per cent. Core inflation rose as well and in June 2022 was 9.1 per cent. year-on-
year. The HICP in Poland was 14.2 per cent. compared with 9.6 per. cent. in the European Union (EU-27). 
Despite anti-inflation shields introduced by the government the inflation rate in October 2022 reached 17.9 
per cent. year-on-year. 
In 2021, accelerating inflation and low interest rates caused the PLN to stay weak for most of the year. On 
top of this, there were also temporary factors that additionally fuelled depreciation pressure: tensions on 
Poland's eastern border, the conflict between the European Union's institutions and the Polish government 
on the rule of law in Poland and a delay in the European Commission's approval of the Recovery and 
Resilience Facility for Poland. The outbreak of the war in Ukraine resulted in further weakening of the PLN. 
Due to the geographic proximity of the conflict in Ukraine, the currencies and bonds of CEE countries, 
including Poland, suffered particularly heavy losses. Domestic bond yields rose significantly. Increased 
credit risk in Poland amid deteriorating global sentiment and increases in interest rates caused a sell-off in

--- Page 216 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 216 - 
70-41040845 
 
the bond market. The market remained under the weight of low liquidity, which was indirectly reflected in 
higher asset swap spreads and higher volatility.  
In response to rising inflation the MPC raised the reference interest rate in 11 hikes from 0.1 per cent. in 
October 2021 to 6.75 per cent. at the end of September 2022. In October 2022, the MPC left the interest 
rates unchanged, taking into consideration the signs of an impending economic slowdown. Further 
decisions of the MPC will depend on incoming information regarding perspectives for inflation and 
economic activity, including the impact of the Russian military aggression against Ukraine on the Polish 
economy. 
In the coming quarters, the economic slowdown will be accompanied by high inflation. Consumption is 
likely to decline amid soaring inflation and higher interest rates. The scale of the decline of GDP growth 
will be mitigated by adjustments in fiscal policy introduced as part of the anti-inflation shields implemented 
by the government. The changes in taxes implemented in 2022 are also beneficial for the majority of tax-
payers.  
Factors which hamper economic activity include persistent disruptions in supply chains, increases in the 
prices of energy commodities, metals and some agricultural products, sanctions imposed on Russia and the 
retaliatory sanctions from Russia. The future economic developments will also depend on the scale of the 
disruptions in the functioning of the global economy due to the war in Ukraine and the related sanctions 
and the adverse impact of the pandemic on global supply chains.  
High interest rates will contribute to the slowing growth of household loan volumes. The economic 
slowdown and high interest rate environment will also adversely impact the dynamics of corporate loans.  
In the Bank's opinion, early repayments of loans will also exert their adverse impact and corporate deposits 
will decelerate. Looking at household deposits, slight increases can be expected, supported by higher 
nominal wages and precautionary savings. However, the volume of household deposits will be negatively 
affected by the decelerating economic growth and, consequently, the labour market as well as by retail bond 
offerings. 
Development of the Polish Banking Sector 
Between 1989 and 1991, a two-tiered banking sector was established, separating the central bank from the 
rest of the banking sector. Nine regional commercial banks were created out of the NBP's commercial and 
retail banking operations. The NBP branch network and respective commercial loan portfolios of those 
branches were divided among the newly established banks to give each new bank a regional base. All of 
these regional banks were transformed into joint-stock companies in October 1991 and were subsequently 
privatised between 1993 and 2001. Since 1991, Polish banking law has allowed licensing of new private 
banks in Poland and opened the Polish banking market to foreign investors. As a result, there has been a 
rapid expansion in the number of banks due to foreign banking groups entering the market. 
The global financial crisis impacted the quality of loan portfolios and the level of earnings in the Polish 
banking sector, and increased pressure on funding for banks. However, because: (i) banks in Poland did not 
have significant exposure to toxic assets prior to the crisis; (ii) there were no significant speculative asset 
bubbles in Poland; (iii) deposits are the main source of banks' funding; (iv) Polish banks have relatively 
high capital adequacy ratios (with a high proportion of high-quality Tier 1 capital); and (v) Poland has 
experienced a stable macroeconomic situation (evidenced by the fact that Poland did not enter into a 
recession), the impact of the crisis on the Polish banking sector was limited in comparison to the Eurozone. 
The inflow of funds from abroad declined and the availability of funding on the inter-bank market was 
reduced following a lack of trust in the market. As a result, banks sought alternative sources of funding 
which significantly increased competition on the deposit market. In addition, a few large international 
financial institutions which suffered as a result of the global financial crisis have reassessed their 
international strategies, putting their Polish operations up for review and sale (for example, KBC Group 
and Rabobank). These moves have added to the ongoing trend of increasing concentration in the hands of 
a few large banking groups. 
According to the KNF, as of 30 June 2022, there were 30 commercial banks in Poland, 35 branches of 
credit institutions and 500 relatively small co-operative banks. 
The table below presents the number of banks and branches of foreign credit institutions conducting 
business activities in Poland:

--- Page 217 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 217 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
31 Dec. 2018 
31 Dec. 2019 
31 Dec. 2020 
31 Dec. 2021 
30 June 2022 
Total number including: ................... 
612 
600 
596 
578 
565 
Domestic commercial banks................ 
32 
30 
30 
30 
30 
Branches of foreign credit institutions . 
31 
32 
36 
37 
35 
Co-operative banks .............................. 
549 
538 
530 
511 
500 
Source: KNF 
The level of concentration increased in recent years. As of 31 December 2021, the share of five largest 
banks in total banking assets was 56.6 per cent. compared with 54.3 per cent. as at the end of December 
2020 and 43.4 per cent. in 2010 according to the European Central Bank statistics. 
Among the other factors having an impact on competition is a consolidation trend in recent years. For 
example: in 2013, the merger of BZ WBK S.A. (in September 2018 renamed to Santander Bank Polska 
S.A.) and Kredyt Bank S.A., the acquisition of Dexia Kommunalkredit Bank Polska S.A. by Getin Noble 
Bank S.A., and the acquisition of the retail operations of DnB Nord Polska S.A. by Getin Noble Bank S.A.; 
in 2014, the merger of Nordea Bank Polska S.A. with PKO Bank Polski SA, the taking of control over 
Santander Consumer Bank by Bank Zachodni WBK S.A.; and, in 2015, the merger of Bank BGŻ S.A. with 
BNP Paribas S.A. and the acquisition of Meritum Bank ICB S.A. by Alior Bank S.A.; and in 2016, the 
merger of BGŻ BNP Paribas S.A. with Sygma Bank Polska S.A. and the merger of Alior Bank S.A. with 
core business of BPH. In December 2017, Deutsche Bank AG sold its Polish retail operations to Santander 
Bank Polska. In April 2018, BNP Paribas announced an acquisition of an organised part of Raiffeisen Bank 
Polska (without foreign currency loans and selected corporate exposures) from its Austrian owner. In 
November 2018, Millennium Bank, majority owned by Portugal's BCP, agreed to buy Euro Bank S.A., the 
Polish business of France's Société Générale. On 3 January 2021, Idea Bank was taken over by Pekao S.A. 
following the application of a resolution tool by the BGF. On 30 September 2022 the BGF applied a 
resolution tool to Getin Noble Bank whose business was transferred to a bridge institution owned by BGF 
and IPS. 
The ownership structure of the Polish banking sector has changed over the last decade. As a result of a 
series of merger and acquisition transactions, the state gained or regained influence over new entities; for 
example, Alior Bank (in 2015) and Bank Pekao (in 2017). As a result of this process, known as 
'repolonisation' or domestication of the banking sector, the importance of domestic investments grew in the 
Polish banking industry. The State Treasury, directly or indirectly, controls the activities of eight 
commercial banks. 
However, foreign investors still control a significant part of the assets of Poland's banking sector, including 
17 commercial banks. According to the KNF, as of 30 June 2022, 43.1 per cent. of the total assets of the 
Polish banking sector belonged to foreign-owned banking groups (Source: Monthly data of the banking 
sector - June 2022 published on 5 August 2022).  
According to the KNF, the Polish banking industry enjoys a good balance between deep consolidation seen 
in Scandinavia and fragmented retail banking in Germany. However, the Polish banking sector is expected 
to continue to experience consolidation in the medium term. Polish banks are increasing their focus on the 
economies of scale to face the ongoing difficult macro environment. The COVID-19 pandemic has 
intensified the pressures on profitability A number of smaller market players generate relatively low 
revenues, which are subject to rising pressure. They may strive to increase their scale of operations to 
achieve a satisfactory return on equity. Some banks will have to adapt their strategies to address their 
profitability squeeze and other challenges, including the ongoing threat from fintech and implementing 
effective environmental, social and governance goals. This may force further consolidation if profitability 
is eroded. Although Poland remains a less attractive banking market for new entrants, due to high regulatory 
contributions, capital requirements and legacy CHF exposures, the transformation of the Polish banking 
industry will continue. Smaller banks have less resilience and flexibility in coping with post-pandemic 
challenges. 
The consolidation process in Poland will be driven by the following factors: 
• 
prolonged pressure on the revenue side and limited organic growth opportunities due to financial and 
regulatory burdens imposed on the sector (the Banking Tax, contributions to the banking guarantee 
fund, the Borrowers' Support Fund and the Institutional Protection Scheme);  
• 
a necessity to meet regulatory capital and MREL requirements;

--- Page 218 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 218 - 
70-41040845 
 
• 
additional earnings pressures resulting from credit holidays, MREL issuance and regulatory 
compliance; and  
• 
technological changes requiring investments and digitisation spending, which are particularly 
expensive for smaller banks;  
Potential cross-border activity among EU banks could lead to further ownership changes in Polish banking 
assets. Increasing sector concentration driven by the exit of foreign players and potential consolidation of 
state-owned banks may lead to higher profitability of the sector in the long term through increased pricing 
power and cost synergies. 
Financial Situation of the Polish Banking Sector 
The Polish banking sector remains the largest in the CEE region with total assets amounting to PLN 2.7 
trillion (EUR 567 billion) at the end of June 2022. Assets are dominated by loans and advances, which are 
the key source of banks' revenues. Over the last five years more than 70 per cent. of the revenues of Polish 
banks were generated by the net interest income.  
Poland's banking sector is well-capitalised and predominantly deposit-funded. In recent years the Polish 
banking sector has gradually improved its funding profile, making it more resilient to external shocks. 
However, the Polish banking industry operates in a challenging market environment. Currently, the 
following factors impact the operations of the banking sector in Poland: 
• 
A rising interest rate environment. A series of unprecedented NBP interest rate hikes had a strong 
positive impact on net interest income, and consequently on the revenues generated by the banking 
sector. At the same time they adversely affected the valuation of derivatives and financial assets based 
on a fixed interest rate and valued at fair value. In addition, weaker borrowers, especially those who 
took out their loans when interest rates were at historic lows (2020-2021), may struggle to service their 
debt. The rapid increases in borrowing costs for customers may increase impairment charges of banks. 
• 
Profitability pressure from legal risk provisions set aside against Swiss franc mortgage portfolios. 
Rising numbers of court cases related to CHF mortgage loans amid negative line of ruling and a 
significant delay of the Supreme Court ruling prolong the uncertainty period. Progress on amicable 
settlements is not promising.  
• 
High regulatory burdens: 
- 
the Banking Tax introduced in February 2016 in the amount of 0.44 per cent. of assets 
(excluding state bonds, own funds and a PLN 4 billon tax-free amount) annually;   
- 
BGF charges – the charge for the deposits guarantee fund is based on the level of guaranteed 
deposits (the majority of retail deposits), while the charge for the resolution fund is based on 
the level of total assets, excluding own funds and guaranteed deposits – both percentage rates 
in Poland are higher than the EU requirements; strict regulatory requirements, putting pressure 
on capital, costs and operations; 
- 
a possibility of up to 8 months of credit holidays in 2022-2023 for PLN mortgage borrowers 
at no cost to the borrower;  
- 
additional contributions to the Borrowers' Support Fund (PLN 1.4 billion in 2022), which was 
set up in 2015 to support struggling mortgage borrowers, possible further contributions in 
2023; 
- 
contributions of eight commercial banks to the Institutional Protection Scheme (PLN 3.5 
billion in 2022, contributions in the following years cannot be excluded). 
• 
Planned replacement of the interbank interest rate benchmark WIBOR by a new benchmark rate based 
on overnight transactions (WIRON). 
• 
Interchange rates, i.e. commissions paid to the bank by the settlement agent for every non-cash 
transaction made with a payment card issued by the bank, decreased to 0.2 per cent. for debit cards and 
0.3 per cent. for credit cards (from the end of January 2015), which restricts the generation of fee and 
commission income;

--- Page 219 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 219 - 
70-41040845 
 
• 
Consolidation of the banking sector – banks with insufficient scale give way to bigger and stronger 
entities; 
• 
Challenges related to the management and storage of personal data and internet security – cyber-risk; 
• 
Spreading technological solutions and their impact on clients' behaviour; and 
• 
Increasing role of non-financial sector players (FinTech companies) gradually entering traditional 
banking territories and offering innovative financial solutions. The Payment Services Directive 2 
abolished banks' monopoly in the market for payment services. 
• 
The consequences of the war in Ukraine, such as sanctions and restrictions causing worldwide 
disruptions to trade and investment and impacting consumers of food and fuel globally. 
According to the KNF data, in the year ended 31 December 2021 the banking sector generated a net profit 
in the amount of PLN 5,976 million compared with a net loss of PLN 322 million generated in the year 
ended 31 December 2020. This significant improvement, amid favourable macroeconomic environment, 
was mainly due to: 
• 
higher net fee and commission income as well as trading and other income; and  
• 
a decrease in loan loss provisions and provisions for legal risk related to foreign currency loans.  
Total net operating income of banks in the year ended 31 December 2021 increased by 8.7 per cent. year-
on-year. Net interest income decreased by 1.1 per cent. year-on-year. Net fees and commission income 
recorded an increase of 15.5 per cent. year-on-year, mainly due to the larger number of transactions 
performed by customers and the changes in fee and commission tariffs. 
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the banking sector increased total costs by 2.0 per cent. compared 
with the year ended 31 December 2020 mainly as a result of higher staff expenses and depreciation.  
As a result, in 2021 the banking sector's cost-to-income ratio (including the Banking Tax) reached 59.5 per 
cent., compared with 58.1 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
In the year ended 31 December 2021, net ROE of the banking sector was 2.7 per cent., compared with -0.1 
per cent. in 2020. 
The table below shows the financial results of the Polish banking sector: 
 
For the year ended 31 December  
(in PLN million) 
Change  
(per cent.) 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2021/2020 
2020/2019 
Total net operating income ........................ 
67,372 
61,964 
70,627 
8.7 
-12.3 
Total costs (incl. depreciation) .................. 
(40,097) 
(39,300) 
(39,247) 
2.0 
0.1 
Total loan loss provisions .......................... 
(7,147) 
(13,348) 
(9,566) 
-46.5 
39.5 
Profit before income tax ............................ 
12,111 
3,761 
19,317 
222.0 
-80.5 
Net profit ................................................... 
5,976 
(322) 
13,806 
+/- 
+/- 
Source: KNF - Monthly data on the banking sector - July 2022. 
 
For the year ended 31 December  
(per cent.)  
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Cost/income ratio ...................................... 
59.5 
58.1 
55.6  
Return on Equity (net ROE) ...................... 
2.7 
-0.1 
6.7  
Return on Assets (net ROA) ...................... 
0.24 
-0.01 
0.70  
Cost of Risk (CoR) .................................... 
0.52 
0.98 
0.73 
Loan-to-Deposit ratio (L/D) 
76.5 
79.2 
90.2 
Source: mBank calculation based on KNF data (Monthly data on the banking sector – July 2022). 
In the first half of 2022, the banking sector generated net profit in the amount of PLN 11,525 million 
compared with PLN 6,098 million reported in the first half of 2021. Total revenues increased by 38.9 per

--- Page 220 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 220 - 
70-41040845 
 
cent. due to higher net interest income (+69.9 per cent. year-on-year) and net fee and commission income 
(+13.9 per cent. year-on-year). Net ROE after the first half of 2022 was 11.8 per cent.  
In July 2022, the banking sector recorded a PLN 6,629 million combined net loss, bringing year to day 
result to a positive PLN 4,895 million down by 36 per cent. year-on-year. A loss in July 2022 resulted from 
booking the cost related to credit holidays. 
As of 31 December 2021, total assets of the Polish banking sector amounted to PLN 2,572.5 billion and 
increased by 9.5 per cent. compared with the end of 2020. In the year ended 31 December 2021, total net 
loans increased by 6.4 per cent., while deposits of the non-financial sector increased by 10.2 per cent. year-
on-year. 
 
As of 31 December 
(in PLN billion) 
Change 
(per cent.) 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2021/2020 
2020/2019 
Polish banks' aggregate assets  
2,572.5 
2,350.0 
2,000.1 
9.5 
17.5 
Total liabilities 
 
2,373.0 
2,130.4 
1,790.8 
11.4 
19.0 
Total equity 
 
199.5 
219.7 
209.3 
-9.2 
4.9 
Source: KNF - Monthly data on the banking sector – July 2022. 
In the first half of 2022, total assets of the Polish banking sector increased by 4.8 per cent. compared with 
the end of 2021 and as of 30 June 2022 was PLN 2,694.7 billion. During this period net loans increased by 
3.9 per. cent. and deposits by 2.5 per cent.  
The table below presents dynamics of key banking aggregates of the Polish banking sector. 
 
For the year ended 31 December  
(per cent.) 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Corporate loans ......................................... 
3.9 
-4.8 
3.0 
Household loans ........................................ 
4.9 
3.0 
6.0 
   Mortgage loans, incl. .............................. 
7.1 
7.3 
6.6 
      Mortgage loans in PLN ....................... 
12.0 
9.7 
12.1 
   Non-mortgage loans ............................... 
1.1 
-3.8 
5.1 
Corporate deposits ..................................... 
10.4 
19.0 
10.0 
Household deposits ................................... 
6.7 
10.7 
9.7 
Source: mBank own calculations based on NBP data. 
According to NBP data, in the year ended 31 December 2021, the nominal volume of household loans 
increased by 4.9 per cent. compared with the year ended 31 December 2020. Mortgage housing loans 
increased by 7.1 per cent. compared with the year ended 31 December 2020. Non-mortgage loans to retail 
customers increased by 1.1 per cent. year-on-year after a drop recorded in 2020.  
The NPL ratio as of 31 December 2021 was 5.8 per cent.: 5.1 per cent. for households and 7.4 per cent. for 
corporate clients (Source: NBP data). A conservative regulatory environment has a positive impact on the 
asset quality of Polish banks. Recommendation S of the KNF introduces a limitation on loan-to-value and 
recommends a repayment period no longer than 25 years for retail customers. Recommendation T of the 
KNF instructs that assessment of the client's standing should be based on certificates of income and external 
databases, e.g., the Credit Information Bureau, and that the maximum debt-to-income ratio should be 
determined by the bank's management board and approved by the supervisory board. 
Growth in deposits slowed down across all segments in 2021. A high deposits growth in 2020 was caused 
by inflows of funds paid out to companies under anti-crisis shields and additionally by the effect of the 
accumulation of savings in anticipation of a worsening economic environment. In the year ended 31 
December 2021, household deposits increased by 6.7 per cent. compared with 2020. Corporate deposits 
increased by 10.4 per cent. year-on-year, mirroring good liquidity in the enterprise sector.  
A combination of losses on bond valuations and continued provisions for mortgage loans in foreign 
currency has already led to a material decline in the capital position of Polish banks. The average total 
capital ratio (compliant with the CRD IV/CRR Regulation approach) as of 31 December 2021 was 19.3 per

--- Page 221 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 221 - 
70-41040845 
 
cent. and Tier 1 capital ratio was 17.3 per cent. compared with 20.7 per cent. and 18.5 per cent. as of 31 
December 2020, respectively. (Source: KNF data). In the first half of 2022, the total capital ratio and Tier 
1 capital ratio of the banking sector decreased further and as of 30 June 2022 amounted to 18.8 per cent. 
and 16.9 per cent. respectively. 
As demonstrated by low loan-to-deposit ratio (approximately 77 per cent. in June 2022 according to the 
KNF), high LCR ratio (168 per cent. for commercial banks in June 2022 according to the KNF) and high 
volume of NBP bills, the sector is still over-liquid. A part of this liquidity is invested in long term bonds. 
In 2022, Polish banks benefit from the economic growth and interest rate hikes. In the first half of 2022, 
rising interest rates lifted revenues of banks. However, in the third quarter, the net interest income of banks 
was significantly impacted by credit holidays. Repricing of loans is expected to decelerate by the end of 
2022, while upward deposit pricing is accelerating. NIM may marginally decline in the coming quarters as 
banks will continue to offer high interest rates for new deposits and to increase rates for outstanding saving 
accounts, while clients will continue to transfer money from current accounts to term and saving accounts. 
Fee and commission income in 2022 is expected to be strong, but in the second half of 2022 is affected by 
a substantial drop in mortgage lending, weakening revenues from capital markets due to a lower turnover 
on the WSE, outflows from mutual funds and the impact of the economic slowdown on corporate clients. 
The operating costs in 2022 will increase year-on-year due to elevated obligatory contributions (BGF, the 
Borrowers' Support Fund and IPS) and inflationary pressures.  
Asset quality of Polish banks remains strong and the provision coverage ratio is relatively high. Cost of risk 
in 2022 may be somewhat affected by increased loan instalments after interest rates hikes. Credit holidays 
for PLN mortgage loans are part of the measures taken by the Polish Government to respond to the 
consequences of high inflation and rising interest rates. The gas crisis in Europe may lead to higher cost of 
risk related to corporate clients, but it is difficult to predict further developments. 
The banking sector still faces significant risks to its profitability as a result of costs associated with mortgage 
loans in foreign currencies. The number and value of litigations related to CHF mortgage loans continue to 
rise. Banks have been losing the majority of litigations with CHF borrowers since the judgment of the 
European Court of Justice on 3 October 2019. The amicable settlements leading to conversion of a CHF 
mortgage loan to a PLN-denominated loan are becoming less attractive to the borrowers, because of the 
increased interest rate differential between the PLN and the CHF after a number of interest rate hikes in 
Poland. Therefore, the inflow of new lawsuits is likely to continue in the coming quarters and banks will 
continue to book provisions related to CHF mortgage loans.  
The financial position of some credit institutions remains weak. However this does not pose significant 
risks to the stability of the entire banking sector. On 30 September 2022, the BGF initiated a resolution of 
Getin Noble Bank S.A. The main assets and liabilities of Getin Noble Bank (except the equity and 
subordinated debt, which were fully written down to absorb losses) were transferred to a bridge bank created 
by the BGF and SOBK. Poland has committed to start an open, transparent and non-discriminatory sales 
process for the newly created bridge bank with the aim of finding a suitable purchaser who would ensure 
its long term viability. Getin Noble Bank has been encountering difficulties since 2016 due to low 
profitability, which led to the depletion of its capital. The resolution of Getin Noble Bank allowed to protect 
its customer deposits in the amount of PLN 39.5 billion. 
In the coming years, the banking sector will face the challenge of providing own funds and/or eligible 
liabilities to meet MREL, which will become fully effective from 2024. The BGF has set the so-called 
roadmap for banks, under which interim MREL requirement levels for 2022 and 2023 are determined. 
According to NBP estimates, a significant part of the sector does not have sufficient excess capital to cover 
the MREL at the target level. Complying with MREL will prove to be challenging for banks and will require 
the issuance of equity or MREL-eligible debt and subordinated instruments on a scale far greater than that 
observed over the recent years. 
The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the process of reshaping the banking industry, the shift to online 
services, ushering in a new competitive landscape, constraining growth in some traditional product areas, 
prompting a new wave of innovation, recasting the role of branches, and accelerating digitisation in many 
spheres of banking and capital markets. The COVID-19 pandemic has acted as a catalyst for digitisation of 
financial services. Investments in digitisation and more process automation leading to cost savings and

--- Page 222 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 222 - 
70-41040845 
 
better cross-selling opportunities may prove key in gaining a competitive advantage in a post-coronavirus 
world. 
Legal Environment 
Specific Requirement for the Banks 
Engaging in banking activities involves meeting multiple regulatory obligations, most of which follow 
directly from the provisions of the Banking Law, and from resolutions, ordinances and recommendations 
made by the KNF. The most important of these obligations relate to the Bank's own funds, the capital 
adequacy ratio, solvency ratio, exposure concentration, risk management systems and financial 
management conducted by the Bank. 
Banks have a duty to protect banking secrecy. Regulations on personal data protection are particularly 
important for the functioning of banks in order to protect individual customers. Personal data may be 
processed exclusively in compliance with detailed regulations, using technical and organisational resources 
which ensure the protection of personal data against unauthorised processing, including making it available 
to third parties. 
The Bank must also comply with regulations for the prevention of the use of the financial system for the 
purpose of money laundering and terrorist financing. 
Certain restrictions also apply if banks retain any third parties for the performance of banking activities for 
and on behalf of the bank or for the performance of any banking-related operations (so-called 
"outsourcing"). 
Agreements concluded by banks with their customers are subject to detailed regulations (see also 
"Consumer Protection" below). 
Banking Supervision Exercised by the KNF 
In Poland, banking supervision is currently exercised by the KNF and covers, in particular: 
• 
assessing the financial position of banks, including analysing liquidity, the quality of assets, solvency 
and the financial results of banks; 
• 
estimating, maintaining and reviewing internal capital; 
• 
auditing the quality of risk management systems, and in particular of the risk management system and 
internal control system; 
• 
auditing compliance of the bank's activities with the appropriate regulations; and 
• 
monitoring and controlling the bank's compliance with the exposure concentration limits and standards 
for the risk acceptable in banks' operations as determined by the KNF. 
The KNF has wide powers and legal instruments which enable it to carry out supervision over banks 
(including the possibility to conduct inspections). 
Other Supervisory Authorities 
Some areas of banking operations are subject to the supervision of other public administration authorities, 
the most important of which are as follows: 
• 
the OCCP with respect to protecting market competition and consumers' collective rights; 
• 
the Personal Data Protection Office with respect to collecting, processing, managing and protecting 
personal data; and 
• 
the minister responsible for financial institutions and the General Inspector for Financial Information 
with respect to the prevention of money laundering and financing of terrorism.

--- Page 223 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 223 - 
70-41040845 
 
Bank Guarantee Fund 
The BGF covers the monetary assets deposited in bank accounts or receivable in respect of claims 
confirmed by documents issued by banks with a guarantee system. Participation in the BGF is mandatory 
for all Polish banks and, in certain instances, for branches of foreign banks operating in Poland. Banks 
covered by the guarantee system make mandatory annual payments to the BGF and are obliged to set up a 
guaranteed funds protection fund. The mandatory guarantee system ensures that if a bank becomes 
insolvent, the funds deposited in bank accounts, up to an amount specified in the regulations, are returned. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, funds up to the amount equivalent to EUR 100,000 per single person 
in respect of deposits in all accounts in a given bank are fully covered by the guarantee system. Funds 
deposited in particular by government administration authorities, other banks, credit institutions, insurance 
companies and investment and pension funds are not covered by the guarantee system. 
Institutional protection scheme for commercial banks 
On 10 June 2022, the KNF approved the agreement and recognised the institutional protection scheme 
created in accordance with Article 130c of the Banking Law Act of 29 August 1997 by eight Polish 
commercial banks (Alior Bank S.A., BNP Paribas Bank Polska S.A., ING Bank Śląski S.A., mBank S.A., 
Bank Millennium S.A., Bank Polska Kasa Opieki S.A. PKO Bank Polski S.A. and Santander Bank Polska 
S.A.). The above-mentioned banks signed the protection scheme agreement and established SOBK. The 
protection scheme can be joined by other local banks provided they satisfy the terms and conditions set out 
in general law and in the protection scheme agreement. 
As part of the system, an aid fund has been established to which the participating banks provided cash 
contributions. Further contributions to the aid fund will require a unanimous resolution of the general 
meeting of shareholders of SOBK. The aid fund may be used to ensure liquidity and solvency the 
participants of the scheme, support resolution of a bank conducted by the BGF and the takeover of a bank 
being a joint-stock company pursuant to Art. 146b paragraph. 1 of the Banking Law. On 30 September 
2022, the BGF initiated a resolution of Getin Noble Bank. The activities and main assets and liabilities of 
Getin Noble Bank were transferred to a bridge bank created by the BGF, in which SOBK acquired 49 per 
cent. of the share capital. 
Consumer Protection 
The Consumer Credit Act dated 12 May 2011 (as amended), the Civil Code regulations and other consumer 
protection laws impose on the banks several obligations related to agreements signed with natural persons 
who perform actions which are not directly related to their business or professional activities (consumers). 
The most important of those are the requirements to inform the consumer about the cost of extended credit 
and loans, and to include specified terms in the consumer loan agreement as well as the prohibition from 
including specific clauses which are unfavourable to consumers in agreements. If a customer loan 
agreement does not meet certain requirements of the Consumer Credit Act, the borrower is authorised under 
the law to repay the loan in principal amount with interest accrued until the prepayment date. In some 
circumstances, the borrower may be authorised to repay only the principal amount, without interest, fees 
and any other amounts due to the bank under the loan agreement. 
There is a cap for the maximum interest rates which may be charged by a bank under a loan agreement. 
The interest rate cap on consumer loans is determined at the sum of the applicable reference rate of the 
National Bank of Poland and 3.5 per cent. multiplied by two. 
Personal Data Protection 
In light of the large number of individuals serviced by banks, all the regulations concerning personal data 
protection are of particular importance to banking operations. Personal data may be processed exclusively 
in compliance with specific regulations, while applying technical and organisational means that ensure the 
protection of personal data, particularly from disclosure to any unauthorised parties. Additionally, the 
persons to whom such data relates to should have the right to access all of their personal data and to correct 
it. 
The GDPR imposed new obligations and guidelines on companies in the management and processing of 
personal data. This means a significant change for companies in their approach to the security of data 
storage and the issue of making it available to relevant employees.

--- Page 224 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 224 - 
70-41040845 
 
The key challenges resulting from the GDPR implementation result from: 
• 
the broader definition of personal data, including identifying the person related to the data; 
• 
automated processing of personal data permitted under certain conditions; 
• 
considerably increased legal rights of the individual; 
• 
new obligations related to providing technical and organisational protection of personal data for 
personal data processors, controllers and Data Protection Officers; and 
• 
administrative fines for non-compliance with the Regulation, which can reach EUR 20 million, or 4 
per cent. of an organisation's annual worldwide turnover. Moreover, individuals have the right to 
judicial redress and claim compensation beyond the statutory fines.

--- Page 225 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 225 - 
70-41040845 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE BANK 
Introduction 
Name: ..................................................................... 
mBank Spółka Akcyjna 
Legal form: ............................................................. 
Joint-stock company established and operating 
under Polish law 
Registered office: ................................................... 
Warsaw 
Address:.................................................................. 
ul. Prosta 18, 00-850 Warsaw, Poland 
Telephone: .............................................................. 
 +48 (22) 829 00 00 
Website address: ..................................................... 
www.mbank.pl  
E-mail address: ....................................................... 
relacje.inwestorskie@mbank.pl  
National Court Register registration number: ........ 
0000025237 
REGON (statistical number): ................................. 
001254524 
NIP: ........................................................................ 
526-021-50-88 
 
History 
The Bank was established on the basis of Resolution No. 99 of the Council of Ministers dated 20 June 1986 
as Bank Rozwoju Eksportu Spółka Akcyjna, and it commenced operations on 2 January 1987. 
On 4 March 1999, the 9th Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting passed a resolution to change the 
name of the Bank to BRE Bank Spółka Akcyjna. 
On 11 April 2013, the 16th General Shareholders' Meeting passed a resolution to change the name of the 
Bank from BRE Bank Spółka Akcyjna to mBank Spółka Akcyjna. 
Currently, the registration court with jurisdiction over the Bank is the District Court for the capital city of 
Warsaw, 13th Business Department of the National Court Register. 
The Bank was established for an unspecified period. 
Legal Regulations Concerning the Bank's Operations 
The Bank operates in accordance with the KSH, the Banking Law and other regulations relating to 
commercial companies and entities engaged in banking operations. 
The basic regulation determining the organisation and manner of operations of the Bank is the Bank's 
Articles of Association. 
The Bank's Business Purpose Specified in the Articles of Association 
In accordance with paragraph 5 of the Articles of Association, the Bank's business purpose is to provide 
banking services, consulting and advisory services in financial matters, and to perform economic activity 
within the scope defined in § 6 of the By-laws. 
The Bank's share capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Bank comprised 42,422,727 fully paid-up 
shares, including: (a) 42,411,727 ordinary bearer shares listed on the main market of the WSE; and (b) 
11,000 registered dematerialised shares which are not listed on the main market of the WSE. 
There are no preferences attached to shares and each share entitles the holder to a right to one vote at the 
General Shareholders' Meeting. 
Over the past 11 years the Bank's new shares were issued under several conditional share capital increases 
in connection with management option programmes: the motivation programme for the members of the 
Management Board of the Bank based on the resolution No. 21 of the 21st Ordinary General Meeting of the 
Bank of 14 March 2008 (on the issuance of bonds with pre-emptive rights to acquire shares of the Bank 
and the conditional increase of share capital by the issuance of shares with no subscription rights for the 
existing shareholders in order to enable beneficiaries of the long-term incentive programme to take up

--- Page 226 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 226 - 
70-41040845 
 
shares in the Bank, on application for admission of the shares to trading on the regulated market and on 
dematerialisation of the shares), the motivation programme for the key employees of the Group based on 
resolutions No. 2 and 3 of the Extraordinary General Meeting of 27 October 2008 and the incentive 
programme for the Management Board Members and key staff of the Group – mBank Risk Takers based 
on the resolution No. 38 of the Annual General Meeting of the Bank dated 9 May 2018 on the issue of 
subscription warrants, conditional share capital increase with divestment of the existing shareholders' pre-
emptive right to subscription warrants and shares, change of the company's by-Laws and on applying for 
admission of shares to trading on the regulated market, and dematerialisation of shares. 
In 2021, the Bank's share capital increased by PLN 71,376 as a result of issuances related to the motivation 
programmes as well as the registration of the shares by the National Depository for Securities (Krajowy 
Depozyt Papierów Wartościowych).  Between January and September 2022, the number of shares of the 
Bank increased by 37,843 and the Bank's share capital increased by PLN 151,372. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank's registered share capital is PLN 169,690,908 fully paid-
up. It is divided into 42,422,727 ordinary bearer shares and ordinary registered shares with a nominal value 
of PLN 4 each. 
The Management Board shall be authorised to increase the share capital of the Bank by the amount not 
higher than PLN 60,000,000 by way of single or repeated share capital increase within the limits indicated 
above by way of bearer shares issue ( the "authorised capital"). The Management Board of the Bank shall 
be authorised to increase the share capital within the limits of the authorised capital provided the 
Supervisory Board gives its consent to such capital increase and an appropriate resolution in the form of a 
notarial deed is adopted by the Management Board. 
Given the Bank's status as a public company within the meaning of the Public Offering Act and the fact 
that the majority of the shares of the Bank are listed on the regulated main market operated by the WSE, 
the Bank does not have detailed information on all of its shareholders. 
Apart from the information resulting from the content of the Bank's share register (maintained for 11,000 
registered shares of the Bank), the Bank has information on its shareholders based on notifications provided 
to the Bank under Article 69 of the Public Offering Act. 
Major Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Commerzbank was the Bank's majority shareholder, holding 
29,352,897 shares representing 69.19 per cent. of the share capital of the Bank and the same proportion of 
the voting rights at the General Shareholders' Meeting. Commerzbank holds only ordinary bearer shares, 
each of which gives the right to one vote at the General Shareholders' Meeting. Commerzbank does not 
have any additional voting rights at the General Shareholders' Meeting. For a more detailed discussion on 
Commerzbank's control over the Bank, see "Control of Commerzbank over the Bank". 
The remaining 30.81 per cent. of mBank shares in free float are held mainly by financial investors, including 
Polish pension funds, and Polish and foreign investment funds. As of 31 December 2021 and 30 September 
2022, no shareholder exceeded the 5 per cent. threshold of shares and votes at the General Meeting.at the 
General Shareholders' Meeting. The open-end pension funds jointly held 17.7 per cent. of mBank shares in 
accordance with the lists of shares of WSE-listed companies held in funds’ portfolios as at the end of 2021 
published by open-end pension funds.  
The Bank is a public company and its shares are listed on the regulated market of the WSE. Therefore, the 
Bank does not have detailed information on all of its shareholders. The Bank only receives information on 
its significant shareholders if these shareholders comply with the notification requirements prescribed by 
Polish law. 
The table below sets out information on the shareholding structure of the Bank as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, based on the most recent notifications made to the Bank:

--- Page 227 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 227 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
Number of shares 
Per cent. of voting rights 
at the General 
Shareholders' Meeting 
Commerzbank AG .......................................................................  
29,352,897 
69.19 per cent. 
Other shareholders .......................................................................  
13,069,830 
30.81 per cent. 
Total ............................................................................................  
42,422,727 
100.00 per cent. 
 
Control of Commerzbank over the Bank 
Nature of Control 
Commerzbank, as a holder of the majority of voting rights at the General Shareholders' Meeting of the 
Bank, can execute decisive influence on the resolutions adopted by this body, and in particular on the 
resolutions on key issues relating to the Bank's organisation and operations, including: (a) the appropriation 
of the profit/offsetting of losses incurred by the Bank; (b) the approval of the due performance of their 
duties by the Bank's bodies; (c) the appointments and dismissals of the members of the Supervisory Board; 
(d) the amendments of the Articles of Association; (e) the increases and decreases in the share capital of 
the Bank; (f) the redemption of shares; (g) the utilisation of the supplementary capital and other reserves 
by the Bank; (h) the issue of convertible bonds or bonds with a pre-emptive right; (i) the determination of 
remuneration rules for the Supervisory Board members; and (j) the Bank's liquidation, merger, demerger 
or transformation. Since Management Board members are appointed and dismissed by the Supervisory 
Board, Commerzbank, by having a decisive influence on the composition of the Supervisory Board, can 
also directly influence the composition of the Management Board. At the date of this Base Prospectus, no 
entity other than Commerzbank has control over the Bank. 
In the opinion of the Bank, neither the Articles of Association nor the Regulations of the General 
Shareholders' Meeting, Supervisory Board and Management Board contain any provisions which might 
delay, forestall or prevent a change of control over the Bank. 
Mechanisms Preventing the Abuse of Control 
There are a number of legal instruments aimed at preventing the abuse of control over the Bank by its major 
shareholder specified in the provisions of the Public Offering Act and the KSH. 
The Bank's Position in the Commerzbank Group 
Under a strategic agreement signed in 1994, mBank has received several capital injections from 
Commerzbank, the last of which was in 2010 and totalled approximately PLN 1.4 billion as Commerzbank 
acquired approximately 70.0 per cent. of the new issue of shares during mBank's capital increase. Moreover, 
mBank has received subordinated loans in CHF. The nominal value of subordinated loans from 
Commerzbank stands at CHF 250 million. 
In addition, in the past the Bank has periodically used funding from Commerzbank. As of 30 September 
2022 and 31 December 2021, the total outstanding indebtedness of the Group to the Commerzbank Group, 
excluding subordinated debt, was the equivalent of PLN 1.5 billion and PLN 2.1 billion respectively. 
A technical co-operation agreement gives mBank access to the network of Commerzbank and its 
correspondent banks around the world. In addition, Commerzbank offers its know-how to mBank under 
separate agreements, enabling co-operation in many areas e.g., co-operation in serving international clients 
(including Commerzbank clients), compliance and money laundering prevention or shared reporting 
systems in accounting and controlling. In the key area of Risk control, the co-operation concerns are 
especially on the exchange of experiences regarding the implementation of new European regulations. 
Within the basic agreement on methodologies between mBank and Commerzbank, mBank is fully 
responsible and ensures decisions independence in all Risk Management areas, especially in credit 
operations. 
The Bank also participates in the Commerzbank Group multi-year planning system.

--- Page 228 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 228 - 
70-41040845 
 
The Group 
General Information 
The Group comprises entities controlled by the Bank and which, in respect of the Bank, are of the following 
nature: 
• 
strategic: shares and equity interests in companies supporting particular business segments of 
mBank S.A. (Corporate & Investment Banking, Retail Banking segment, Treasury and Other) with 
an investment horizon not shorter than three years. The formation or acquisition of these companies 
was intended to expand the range of services offered to the clients of the Bank; 
• 
other: shares and equity interests in companies acquired in exchange for receivables, in transactions 
resulting from composition and work out agreements with debtors, with the intention to recover a 
part or all claims to loan receivables and insolvent companies under liquidation or receivership. 
The diagram below shows the structure of the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Bank's Material Subsidiaries (consolidated) 
 
 
Introduction 
General information on the Bank's consolidated subsidiaries, listed in alphabetical order, is presented below. 
All material subsidiaries referred to below were included in the 2021 and Q1-Q3 2022 Consolidated 
Financial Statements. Unless otherwise stated, the Bank holds, directly and indirectly, 100 per cent. of the 
share capital of each subsidiary, which entitles it to exercise 100 per cent. of the voting rights of the General 
Shareholders Meetings of the subsidiary. The core activities of the Bank's material subsidiaries comprise 
sales of the Bank's and third-party financial products, including loans, business products, leasing and 
factoring. 
Future Tech Fundusz Inwestycyjny Zamknięty 
mBank holds 98.04 per cent. in the number of the Fund's investment certificates and voting rights. 
Principal information 
 
Name and legal form: 
Future 
Tech 
Fundusz 
Inwestycyjny 
Zamknięty 
(closed-end 
investment fund) 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Nowy Świat 6/12, 00-400 Warsaw, Poland 
Initial value of investment 
certificates:  
PLN 223,416,000

--- Page 229 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 229 - 
70-41040845 
 
Core activities: 
An investment vehicle of which within the framework of the 
mAccelerator project, the aim of which is to develop and then 
commercialise high-potential projects in the field of modern 
technologies supporting the financial services sector (FinTech). The 
governing body of the Fund is Quercus TFI S.A. 
At the end of September 2022, the fund's portfolio was composed of 
seven companies: 
- 
CyberRescue – a company which helps and supports customers 
in the event of cyber-crimes like hacking or identity theft with an 
all-round step-by-step service to limit and repair the damage 
inflicted; 
- 
Digital Teammates – a company which develops solutions that 
enable robotisation of software processes in business operations 
via the RPA – Robotic Process Automation technology; 
- 
Digital Operations – a company providing outsourcing services, 
including banking, accounting, insurance and customer service 
processes, using the latest technologies (RPA- Robotic Process 
Automation technology, chatbots, remote communication tools); 
- 
ChatForce – AI-powered platform, allowing automatic exchange 
of information with customers from mobile communication 
platforms; 
- 
Samito – a company offering marketing automation tools for 
online shops that aim to personalise their offers to clients; 
- 
HCM Deck – a technological HR platform, which supports HR 
departments in managing, automating and analysing processes 
related to employee development in larger organizations; and 
- 
Drobna Ratka (Mercury Financial) – a fully digital lender, which 
aims to increase the affordability of the insurance market by 
providing quick and seamless instalment financing of MTPL 
(motor third party liability insurance) products. 
 
On 30 May 2022, Future Tech sold all shares of Digital Fingerprints 
– a company offering a cyber-security solution based on passive 
biometrics. Digital Fingerprints was founded in July 2017 as 
mAccelerator’s first investment. In co-operation with the Bank, the 
company developed an authentication technology for digital banking 
end-users.  
 
mBank Hipoteczny        
Principal information 
 
Name and legal form: 
mBank Hipoteczny S.A. (joint-stock company) 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Prosta 18, 00-850 Warsaw, Poland 
Share capital: 
PLN 336,000,000 
Core activities: 
providing stable, long-term and affordable funding for loans backed 
by real estate through issuance of covered bonds both on domestic and 
foreign capital markets based on loan portfolios built in close co-
operation with mBank: 
- 
residential mortgage loans for individual clients, and 
- 
loans refinancing commercial real estate and loans to residential 
real estate developers.

--- Page 230 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 230 - 
70-41040845 
 
mElements 
Principal information 
 
Name and legal form: 
mElements S.A. (joint-stock company) 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Prosta 18, 00-850, Warsaw, Poland 
Share capital: 
PLN 14,500,000 
Core activities: 
developing IT solutions, including API solutions, online and mobile 
payments as well as services dedicated to online sellers, including the 
Paynow payment integrator; the company can operate as a National 
Payment Institution.  
mFaktoring 
Principal information 
 
Name and legal form: 
mFaktoring S.A. (joint-stock company) 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Prosta 18, 00-850 Warsaw, Poland 
Share capital: 
PLN 11,505,000 
Core activities: 
factoring services for domestic, export and import transactions: 
providing clients with financing of current activity, professional 
management of receivables, accepting the risk of insolvency, 
maintenance of settlement accounts of creditors and effective 
enforcement of receivables. 
mFinanse 
Principal information 
 
Name and legal form: 
mFinanse S.A. (joint-stock company) 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Jana Kilińskiego 74, 90-119 Łódź, Poland 
Share capital: 
PLN 115,245,000 
Core activities: 
a distribution agent and financial adviser for financial products and 
services, sales of the Bank's and third-party financial products, 
including current accounts, mortgage loans, cash loans, insurance 
products, investment products and leasing. 
Since the beginning of 2022, the Group started to consolidate two subsidiaries fully owned by mFinanse 
S.A. 
mFinanse CZ  
 
Principal information 
 
Name and legal form: 
mFinanse CZ s.r.o (limited liability company) 
Registered office and address: 
Pernerova 691/42, Karlín, 186 00 Praha, Czech Republic 
Core activities: 
financial intermediation in the sale of banking products distributed by 
mBank's branches in the Czech Republic. 
mFinanse SK s.r.o. 
 
Principal information

--- Page 231 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 231 - 
70-41040845 
 
Name and legal form: 
mFinanse SK s.r.o (limited liability company) 
Registered office and address: 
Pribinova 10, 811 09 Bratislava, Slovakia 
Core activities: 
financial intermediation in the sale of banking products distributed by 
mBank's branches in Slovakia. 
mLeasing 
Principal information 
 
Name and legal form: 
mLeasing Sp z o.o. (limited liability company) 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Prosta 18, 00-850 Warsaw, Poland 
Share capital: 
PLN 6,121,500 
Core activities: 
leasing of vehicles of up to 3.5 tonnes, heavy transport vehicles, 
machines and devices, including medical ones, car fleet management, 
complex services of financing commercial and office facilities, hotels 
and warehouses. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Bank cover two fully owned subsidiaries of mLeasing Sp. 
z o.o. 
Asekum 
Principal information: 
 
Name and legal form: 
Asekum Sp z o.o. (limited liability company) 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Prosta 18, 00-850 Warsaw, Poland 
Core activities: 
insurance services related to leased assets.  
LeaseLink 
Principal information: 
 
Name and legal form: 
LeaseLink. Sp. z o.o. 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Grochowska 306, loc. 308, 03-840 Warsaw, Poland 
Core activities: 
leasing in e-commerce: financing the purchases of entrepreneurs made 
in e-stores and stationary outlets; LeaseLink's dedicated application 
allows leasing payment services (Pay By Link).

--- Page 232 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 232 - 
70-41040845 
 
MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY CORPORATE AUTHORITIES 
In accordance with the KSH and Banking Law regulations, the Bank is managed by the Management Board 
and overseen by the Supervisory Board. The information provided below relating to the organisation, 
competencies and activities of the Management Board and Supervisory Board has been prepared based on 
the provisions of the KSH and the Banking Law, the Articles of Association of the Bank and the internal 
regulations of such bodies binding as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Management Board 
The governing body of the Bank is the Management Board. 
Organisation and Competencies of the Management Board 
The Management Board is composed of at least three members appointed for a joint term of office of five 
years by the Supervisory Board. The Management Board comprises the President and other members of 
the Management Board. The Supervisory Board may appoint members to the Management Board to the 
position of First Vice-President or Vice-President of the Management Board. 
At least half of the members of the Management Board, including the President of the Management Board, 
must hold Polish citizenship. 
The term of a member of the Management Board expires, at the latest, at the General Shareholders' Meeting 
for approval of the financial statements for the last full financial year of the term of office of the 
Management Board. The term of a member of the Management Board also expires in the case of death, 
resignation or dismissal of the member from the Management Board. The term of a member of the 
Management Board, appointed before the end of the term of office, expires on the expiration of the terms 
of the other members of the Management Board. 
Two members of the Management Board, including the President of the Management Board, are appointed 
with the consent of the KNF. The Supervisory Board requests consent for the appointment and then must 
inform the KNF of the composition of the Management Board and of any changes made to its composition 
immediately after appointing or changing the composition of the Management Board. The Supervisory 
Board also informs the KNF of members of the Management Board who, under the segregation of duties, 
are responsible specifically for risk management and internal audit. 
The President of the Management Board is the head of the Management Board. The responsibilities of the 
President include, among others: 
(a) 
heading the Management Board; 
(b) 
representing the Bank; 
(c) 
issuing internal regulations and instructions, rules and other provisions that regulate the Bank's 
activities; however, if required by a provision of law or internal regulation of the Bank, such 
internal regulations and instructions, rules and other provisions should be based on a prior 
resolution of the Management Board on this respect; and 
(d) 
dividing competences among the Bank's Management Board Members and Managing Directors, 
based on a resolution of the Management Board; however, no resolution in this respect can be 
passed without the consent of the President of the Management Board and it requires approval 
from the Supervisory Board. 
Members of the Management Board manage the Bank's activities in accordance with the regulations of the 
Management Board. 
Members of the Management Board may be entrusted by the President of the Management Board with 
supervision over specific areas of the Bank's activities. 
The Management Board works on the basis of internal regulations approved by the Supervisory Board. The 
internal regulations determine, among other things, matters which require collective review and resolution 
by the Management Board.

--- Page 233 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 233 - 
70-41040845 
 
The Management Board manages the Bank's business, represents the Bank, reviews the Bank's current 
matters and: (a) specifies the guidelines for the Bank's operations, specifically those exposed to risk; (b) 
monitors management reporting; (c) participates in defining the Bank's medium and long-term development 
plans; (d) oversees preparation and implementation of budgets and preparation of the Bank's financial 
statements; (e) reviews policies relating to human resources including bonuses and remuneration; (f) takes 
decisions relating to investments within the Management Board's powers; (g) grants and revokes proxies; 
(h) manages issues related to the Bank's organisation or otherwise submitted for review by the Supervisory 
Board and the General Shareholders' Meeting; and (i) determines detailed principles and organisation of 
accounting, capital adequacy, capital management, internal controls and risk management. 
Issues requiring the passing of a resolution by the Management Board include among other things: (a) 
approving the Bank's financial statements and related matters for the previous financial year; (b) approving 
the report regarding Bank's operations for the previous financial year; (c) determining certain information 
policies for risk and capital adequacy management; (d) as a rule, approving acquisitions and disposals of 
real estate or other shares by the Bank; (e) as a rule, incurring liabilities or managing assets whose total 
value in respect of one entity exceeds 5 per cent. of the Bank's own funds; (f) securing proxies; (g) 
establishing organisational matters for the Bank; (h) establishing and liquidating branch offices and other 
organisational entities of the Bank; and (i) all decisions and transactions which require the consent or 
authorisation of the Supervisory Board. 
Resolutions of the Management Board are passed by a majority of votes of the members of the Management 
Board present at the meeting and, in the event that an even amount of votes is cast for and against, the 
President of the Management Board has a casting vote. 
Without the consent of the Supervisory Board, members of the Management Board cannot engage in 
competing activities or have an interest in another competing legal entity. This restriction extends to 
members of the Management Board who hold at least 10 per cent. of the shares in the competing entity, or 
who have the right to appoint at least one member of its management board. 
Members of the Management Board 
Basic information on the members of the Management Board in office as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
is set out below. 
Full name 
Age 
Position on the 
Management Board 
Date of coming 
into office 
Date of end of 
the term of office 
Cezary Stypułkowski 
66 
President 
of 
the 
Management Board and 
the 
Bank's 
Director 
General 
1 October 2010 
mBank's AGM in 
2023 
Andreas Böger 
49 
Vice-President 
of 
the 
Management Board and 
Chief Financial Officer 
1 July 2017 
mBank's AGM in 
2023 
Krzysztof Dąbrowski 
47 
Vice-President 
of 
the 
Management Board and 
Head of Operations and 
Information Technology 
1 April 2017 
mBank's AGM in 
2023 
Cezary Kocik 
51 
Vice-President 
of 
the 
Management Board and 
Head of Retail Banking 
1 April 2012 
mBank's AGM in 
2023 
Marek Lusztyn 
45 
Vice-President 
of 
the 
Management Board and 
Chief Risk Officer 
22 October 2020 
mBank's AGM in 
2023

--- Page 234 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 234 - 
70-41040845 
 
Full name 
Age 
Position on the 
Management Board 
Date of coming 
into office 
Date of end of 
the term of office 
Adam Pers 
46 
Vice-President 
of 
the 
Management Board and 
Head of Corporate and 
Investment Banking 
26 October 2017 
mBank's AGM in 
2023 
 _______________  
Source: The Bank. 
The mandates of all members of the Management Board who are in office as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus will expire on the day of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in 2023 approving financial 
statements of the Bank for 2022. 
Qualifications and Professional Experience 
Cezary Stypułkowski 
Cezary Stypułkowski holds a Ph.D. in Law from the University of Warsaw. In the late 1980s, he studied at 
Columbia University Business School in New York as a participant of the Fulbright Programme. Starting 
in 1991, he chaired the management board of Bank Handlowy S.A. (currently Citibank Group) for nearly 
13 years. Mr Stypułkowski was appointed as President of the management board of the PZU Group in 2003. 
He managed the company for three years. From 2006 to 2010 he worked for J.P Morgan in London, from 
2007 as Managing Director of J.P. Morgan Investment Bank in Central and Eastern Europe. Mr 
Stypułkowski was also a member of the International Advisory Board for Deutsche Bank Management 
Board, INSEAD International Advisory Board and a member of the board of the Institute of International 
Finance in Washington and the Geneva Association. Since 2012, Mr Stypułkowski has been co-chair of the 
Emerging Markets Advisory Council of the Institute of International Finance in Washington (IFF). 
He was appointed President of the Management Board of the Bank on 2 August 2010, President of the 
Management Board of the Bank as of 1 October 2010 and approved as a President of the Management 
Board by the KNF on 27 October 2010. 
Andreas Böger 
Andreas Böger studied in Frankfurt and San Diego. He graduated from the Frankfurt School of Finance & 
Management and holds the CFA certificate. Mr Böger started his professional career in HypoVereinsbank 
in Munich in 1994, where he headed the team responsible for assets and liability management and capital 
advisory. Between 2003 and 2013, Mr Böger worked in Deutsche Bank in Frankfurt. In 2007 to 2013, he 
was a managing director of Global Capital Markets and co-head of Capital Solutions Europe & CEEMEA 
at Deutsche Bank in London. Mr Andreas Böger joined Commerzbank in 2013. Prior to taking up the 
position at mBank, he headed the Corporate Finance division within Group Development & Strategy of 
Commerzbank. His responsibilities included strategic balance sheet and capital management for 
Commerzbank Group and various further tasks concerning financial and regulatory bank steering. 
He was appointed Vice-President of the Management Board, Chief Financial Officer as of 1 July 2017. 
Krzysztof Dąbrowski 
Krzysztof Dąbrowski graduated from Warsaw University of Technology, Faculty of Electronics and 
Information Technology. In 2011, he completed the Executive MBA programme at the University of 
Warsaw and the University of Illinois. Between 1995 and 2003, he worked in the internet and 
telecommunications industry for Polska Online and TDC Internet, where he was responsible for the 
development of hosting systems and services. Between 2004 and 2011, as the head of the Software 
Development Department, he co-created the Polish service centre of F. Hoffman-La Roche. In the following 
years, as the CTO of Allegro Group, Mr Dąbrowski supervised one of the largest agile transformations in 
the region. Since 2014, he has performed the function of the managing director for IT and technology at 
mBank. In 2021, Krzysztof Dąbrowski was named the Most Inspirational European Digital Leader of the 
Year 2021. 
He was appointed Vice-President of the Management Board, Head of Operations and IT as of 1 April 2017.

--- Page 235 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 235 - 
70-41040845 
 
Cezary Kocik 
Cezary Kocik graduated with a degree in Banking and Finance from the University of Łódź. In 2015, he 
completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School and in 2018 Strategic 
Management in Banking course in INSEAD. He is a licensed stockbroker. From 1994 to 1996 Mr Kocik 
was employed at the brokerage house of Bank PBG as a stockbroker. In 1996, he joined PBG Bank's 
Investment Banking Department as a chief specialist in charge of arrangement and execution of acquisitions 
of strategic companies. From 1997 to 2000, he successfully carried out several corporate loan restructuring 
processes in PBG Bank and then in its successor – Bank Pekao S.A. Between 2000 and 2004, he was a 
director of Pekao's branch in Łódź, the then fifth largest branch in the bank's network. He has been shaping 
mBank's retail banking since 2004: first in the retail credit risk area (where he introduced the bank's first 
guaranteed limits for retail clients), then in the sales and business processes area, contributing to successful 
implementation of CRM system and substantially improving the effectiveness of key sales processes in 
direct channels. 
Since 1 April 2012, he has been a Member of the Management Board. Currently, Mr Kocik is Vice President 
of the Management Board, Head of Retail Banking. 
Marek Lusztyn 
Marek Lusztyn holds a Doctorate in Economics from the Warsaw School of Economics, an Executive MBA 
of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and the University of Warsaw, is an alumnus of INSEAD 
and he also holds a bachelor's degree in Computer Science Engineering. He also completed numerous 
courses in the field of banking and management, among others at the Singularity University and the 
Stanford Graduate School of Business. He started his professional career at the Bank Handlowy w 
Warszawie S.A., where from 1996 to 2000 he worked in the Treasury and Foreign Exchange Departments. 
For the next 20 years he worked at the Bank Pekao S.A., which from 1999 until 2017 belonged to Unicredit 
Group. During 2000 to 2008 he was the head of market risk trading book and then Financial Risk 
Department Director. For the following almost 10 years he held senior executive positions within the 
international structures of UniCredit SpA, where he was responsible for the global risk management 
functions. From July 2017 until June 2020 he assumed roles in the Management Board of the Bank Pekao 
S.A., where he held positions of Chief Risk Officer and Chief Executive Officer. 
He was a member of the board of the Warsaw School of Economics from September 2019 to the end of 
2020. In 2014, he was named the Future Leader in Global Finance by the Institute of International Finance, 
Washington, DC. He is an author of numerous academic publications in the field of banking and risk 
management, and for a number of years lecturer in the subjects of his expertise. 
On 22 October 2020, Mr Lusztyn was appointed Vice President of the Management Board, and on 3 March 
2021 he was approved by the KNF as the Chief Risk Officer. 
Adam Pers 
Adam Pers graduated from the Poznań University of Economics. In 2008, he completed an MBA 
programme organised by the Warsaw School of Economics. He gathered comprehensive banking 
knowledge and experience working in three institutions. He commenced his professional career as an intern 
in Wielkopolski Bank Kredytowy S.A., and then worked in Raiffeisen Bank Polska S.A. Group for many 
years, at first in the back office, then in corporate banking and finally in the financial markets area. He was 
responsible for strategic projects concerning the reshaping of the dealing room and for one of the pillars of 
the bank's strategy. During the financial crisis, as the operational committee member, he was responsible 
for the bank's liquidity. In 2012, Mr Pers joined BRE Bank/mBank, where his first task was to restructure 
the financial markets sales. Then, as a managing director, he supervised the integration of the financial 
markets area with financial institutions and finally, trading. 
He was appointed Vice-President of the Management Board, Head of Corporate and Investment Banking 
as of 26 October 2017. 
Business Address 
The business address of all members of the Management Board is: ul. Prosta 18, 00-850 Warsaw Poland.

--- Page 236 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 236 - 
70-41040845 
 
Positions held by members of the Management Board in other companies 
The table below presents information on other companies and partnerships in which, during the last five 
years, the current members of the Management Board: (i) held positions in management or supervisory 
bodies; (ii) held shares (in the case of companies listed on the WSE or on any other regulated market in 
Poland or abroad, in a number representing more than 1 per cent. of the votes at the general meeting of such 
company); or (iii) were partners. 
Name 
Name of the company 
Position 
Does the Management 
Board member continue 
to serve in this capacity? 
Cezary Stypułkowski 
mBox Sp. z o.o* 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board  
Yes 
 
 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
mServices Sp. z o.o.* 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board  
No 
Andreas Böger 
Düsseldorfer 
Hypothekenbank AG 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
VALOVIS BANK 
GmbH (current name: 
ENDIR 1 
Abwicklungsgesellschaft
mbH) 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
mBank Hipoteczny S.A* 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
mLeasing Sp. z o.o.* 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
BDH Development  
Sp. z o.o.** 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
BDH Development 
Sp. z o.o.** 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
Krzysztof Dąbrowski 
mBox Sp z o.o. 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
Tutore Poland Sp. z o.o.  
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
mCentrum Operacji 
Sp. z o.o.** 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
Cezary Kocik 
mFinanse S.A.* 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
No

--- Page 237 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 237 - 
70-41040845 
 
Name 
Name of the company 
Position 
Does the Management 
Board member continue 
to serve in this capacity? 
 
mBox Sp. z o.o.* 
Deputy Chairman of 
the Supervisory 
Board 
Yes 
 
Krajowa Izba 
Rozliczeniowa S.A. 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
mBank Hipoteczny 
S.A.* 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
mLeasing S.A.* 
Deputy Chairman of 
the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
 
mTowarzystwo 
Funduszy 
Inwestycyjnych S.A.* 
Deputy Chairman of 
the Supervisory 
Board  
Yes 
Marek Lusztyn  
mBank Hipoteczny 
S.A.* 
Deputy-Chairman of 
the Supervisory 
Board  
Yes 
 
mLeasing S.A.* 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
mTowarzystwo 
Funduszy 
Inwestycyjnych S.A.* 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
System Ochrony 
Banków Komercyjnych 
S.A. 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
Związek Banków 
Polskich 
Member of the 
Union Council 
No 
 
Szkoła Główna 
Handlowa w Warszawie 
(Warsaw School of 
Economics) 
Member of the 
University Council 
No 
 
Pekao Bank Hipoteczny 
S.A. 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
Pekao Investment 
Banking S.A. 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
Pekao Leasing Sp. z o.o. 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
Adam Pers 
mLeasing Sp. z o.o.* 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
mFaktoring S.A.* 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes

--- Page 238 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 238 - 
70-41040845 
 
Name 
Name of the company 
Position 
Does the Management 
Board member continue 
to serve in this capacity? 
 
mInvestment Banking 
S.A.* 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 _______________  
* Indicates mBank subsidiaries, ** indicates former mBank subsidiaries 
Source: The Bank. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board exercises regular supervisions over the Bank's operations. 
Organisation and Competences of the Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board is comprised of not less than five members elected by the General Shareholders' 
Meeting, for a joint term of office of three years. 
At least half of the members of the Supervisory Board, including the Chairman, have Polish citizenship, 
permanently reside in Poland, speak Polish and have experience on the Polish market which can be used in 
supervision of the Bank. 
The Supervisory Board elects the Chairman and Deputy Chairmen from among its members. The terms of 
members of the Supervisory Board expire, at the latest, on the day of the General Shareholders' Meeting 
for approval of the financial statements of the Bank for the last full year of the term of office of the members 
of the Supervisory Board. The term of a member of the Supervisory Board also expires in the case of death, 
resignation, or dismissal of the member. The term of a member of the Supervisory Board, appointed before 
the end of the term of office, expires at the same time as the expiry of the term of other members of the 
Supervisory Board. 
The number of members of the Supervisory Board is determined by the General Shareholders' Meeting. At 
least two of the Supervisory Board members must be independent Supervisory Board members, unless the 
General Shareholders' Meeting decides otherwise. An independent member of the Supervisory Board is a 
member of the Supervisory Board who, as of the date of its election, meets all the following conditions: 
(a) 
during the last five years has not held the position of the Management Board member at the Bank; 
(b) 
during the last five years has not held the position of Management Board member at any associate 
company of the Bank within the meaning prescribed by the Accounting Act; 
(c) 
during the last three years has not been an employee of the Bank, any entity dependent on the Bank 
or an employee of any associate company of the Bank within the meaning prescribed by the 
Accounting Act; 
(d) 
does not have any factual and essential relations with a shareholder having the right to exercise at 
least 5 per cent. of all votes at the General Meeting of the Bank; 
(e) 
has not received any remuneration from the Bank nor from any associate company of the Bank, 
within the meaning prescribed by the Accounting Act, of any kind, except for remuneration for 
participation in the Supervisory Board of the Bank; 
(f) 
is not a shareholder of the Bank and does not represent any shareholder acting as a dominating 
entity in respect of the Bank; 
(g) 
during the last year, has not been a significant client or business partner of the Bank or any 
associate company of the Bank, within the meaning prescribed by the Accounting Act, directly or 
in the form of an associate, shareholder, director, or senior management officer at an entity being 
in such relation with the Bank; 
(h) 
during the last three years, has not been an associate or employee of the current or former chartered 
auditor of the Bank or any associate company of the Bank;

--- Page 239 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 239 - 
70-41040845 
 
(i) 
is not a member of the management board at a company in which a member of the Management 
Board of the Bank is a member of the supervisory board, and has no other significant associations 
with members of the Management Board of the Bank by participation in other companies or 
governing bodies; 
(j) 
may not hold the position of an independent member of the Bank's Supervisory Board for longer 
than 12 years; and 
(k) 
is not a spouse, descendant, adoptee, daughter-in-law or son-in-law of a member of the 
Management Board or the Supervisory Board of the Bank or any persons mentioned in (a) to (j) 
above. 
The Supervisory Board elects the Chairman and Deputy Chairmen from among its members. 
A member of the Supervisory Board, whose term expired during the joint term of office of the Supervisory 
Board, can be replaced by another person elected by the Supervisory Board. The election of members of 
the Supervisory Board within the joint term of office of the Supervisory Board requires the approval of the 
next General Shareholders' Meeting. If the General Shareholders' Meeting refuses to approve any member 
of the Supervisory Board elected within the joint term of office, the General Shareholders' Meeting shall 
elect another member of the Supervisory Board in lieu of the person whose election was refused. If the 
number of members of the Supervisory Board is less than five, due to the expiration of the terms of members 
of the Supervisory Board within the joint term of office, the Supervisory Board shall elect new members to 
replace the members whose terms have expired. 
In addition to the rights and obligations prescribed by law and the Articles of Association, the 
responsibilities of the Supervisory Board specifically include the following matters: (a) exercising 
supervision over introduction and assurance of functioning of adequate and effective system of risk 
management and system of internal control; (b) approving the proposals of the Management Board 
concerning the Bank's essential organisational structure; (c) approving the Bank's annual financial plans 
and multi-annual development plans; (d) examining all motions and matters subject to resolutions of the 
General Shareholders' Meeting; (e) issuing or approving rules provided for in the Articles of Association; 
(f) defining management contracts and setting remuneration for members of the Management Board; (g) 
receiving information on formation, acquisition, closing and disposal of branches, permanent 
establishments and parts of a business as well as of initiating and terminating lines of business and fields 
of activity in advance; (h) approving conclusion or amendment of each significant agreement or 
arrangement with the members of the Management Board or the Supervisory Board; (i) approving 
conclusion, amendment or termination of any significant affiliation agreements or co-operation treaties; (j) 
receiving information on expected deviations from the annual budget; (k) issuing general guidelines for the 
Management Board regarding the level and structure of remuneration for senior management of the Bank; 
(l) approving the policy on variable items of remuneration of the persons holding managerial positions at 
the Bank; (m) issuing opinions regarding transactions with related entities (if the total expected amount of 
a single transaction exceeds 20 per cent. of the Bank's own funds, calculated as of 31 December of the 
preceding year. Opinions of the Supervisory Board are not required with regards to derivative transactions 
where risk is limited through collateral posting, however, the Supervisory Board will be informed of such 
transactions); (n) approving changes at the position of a person managing the Internal Audit Department 
and the Compliance Department; (o) approving of entering by the Bank into material transaction with an 
associated entity, to the extent as required by commonly binding provisions of law, applicable to public 
companies; and (p) preparing of annual report on remuneration of members of the Management Board and 
the Supervisory Board, to the extent as required by commonly binding provisions of law, applicable to 
public companies. 
The Supervisory Board passes resolutions if at least half of its members are present, and if all of its members 
were invited. In specific cases, members of the Supervisory Board may participate in passing resolutions, 
voting in writing via another member of the Supervisory Board. Voting in writing cannot refer to issues 
introduced to the agenda at the Supervisory Board meeting. The Supervisory Board may pass resolutions 
in writing or using direct remote communication. A resolution is valid when all the members of the 
Supervisory Board have been notified of the content of the draft resolution. Resolutions of the Supervisory 
Board require an ordinary majority of votes, however, in the event of an even number of votes cast for and 
against, the vote of the Chairman of the Supervisory Board prevails. Without the consent of the majority of 
independent members of the Supervisory Board resolutions on the following issues should not be passed: 
(a) performance of any kind by the Bank or entities related to the Bank on behalf of members of the

--- Page 240 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 240 - 
70-41040845 
 
Management Board; and (b) granting consent to the Bank's concluding of a material contract with an entity 
related to the Bank, member of the Supervisory Board or Management Board and with their related entities. 
Standing Committees of the Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board may appoint a Standing Committee; whose members perform their functions as 
members of the Supervisory Board, delegated to carry out specific supervision activities at the Bank. The 
scope of authority of a Standing Committee is set out in a resolution of the Supervisory Board. In particular, 
the Supervisory Board may appoint the following Standing Committees: 
• 
The Executive and Nomination Committee, whose authority includes, among others, the following: (a) 
exercising regular supervision of the operations of the Bank between meetings of the Supervisory 
Board; (b) authorising the Board of Management to acquire, encumber and sell real estate, a perpetual 
usufruct or part of real estate and shares in companies as well as other fixed assets, if the value of these 
transactions exceeds 1 per cent. of the Bank's own funds as of 31 December of the preceding year. 
Such authorisation is not required if such acquisition results from execution, bankruptcy or negotiation 
procedures, or other settlements with the Bank's debtors, or in the case of sale of assets so acquired; (c) 
recommending candidates to the Management Board and Supervisory Board based on the criteria for 
suitability of the Management Board and Supervisory Board as a whole and of individual Management 
Board and Supervisory Board members designated under the Suitability Policy of mBank, as well as 
on the diversity criteria for the composition of the Management Board and Supervisory Board; (d) 
defining the scope of duties for a candidate for the Management Board and Supervisory Board and 
requirements for knowledge and expertise, as well as assessing the expected time commitment 
necessary to perform the function; (e) effectuating periodic evaluation of a structure, size, composition 
and effectiveness of activities of the Management Board and recommending changes with this respect 
to the Supervisory Board; and (f) effectuating periodic evaluation of knowledge, competence and 
experience of the Management Board as a whole and each of its members, as well as informing the 
Management Board about the results of this evaluation. 
• 
The Audit Committee, whose authority includes, among others, the following: (a)formulating and 
presenting recommendations regarding election of entity entitled to audit the financial statements of 
the Bank by the General Shareholders' Meeting; (b) recommending approval or rejection of financial 
statements by the Supervisory Board; (c) monitoring the financial reporting process, effectiveness of 
internal control and risk management systems, as well as internal audit and financial audit activities; 
(d) recommending to the Supervisory Board acceptance or refusal of acceptance for appointment and 
dismissal of a person managing the Internal Audit Department and the Compliance Department; (e) 
preparing policies and procedures regarding election of entity entitled to audit financial statements of 
the Bank, as well as providing by this entity of permitted non-audit service; (f) providing the 
Supervisory Board with an opinion regarding annual evaluation of adequacy and effectiveness of the 
control function, Compliance Department and Internal Audit Department; (g) recommending approval 
or disapproval to the Supervisory Board of the Bank's principles of capital adequacy disclosure; and 
(h) recommending approval or disapproval to the Supervisory Board of the Bank's compliance policy, 
and the annual report on compliance risk management at the Bank. The Audit Committee shall include 
at least three members, however, at least one member of the Audit Committee shall have knowledge 
and skills in accounting or audits of financial statements. Majority of members of the Audit Committee, 
including its Chairman, shall be Independent Supervisory Board Members. 
• 
The Risk Committee, whose authority includes, among others, the following: (a) exercising regular 
supervision of credit risks, liquidity risks and nonfinancial risks, including operational risk, as well as 
approving individual counterparty risk according to the parameters defined by the Supervisory Board 
from time to time; (b) recommending approval or disapproval to the Supervisory Board for transactions 
between the Bank and the members of the Bank's bodies, as provided by the Banking Law; (c) 
recommending approval or disapproval to the Supervisory Board of the Bank's principles of risk 
management disclosure; (d) recommending approval or disapproval to the Supervisory Board of 
strategies and policies prepared by the Management Board, in particular outlined in the internal capital 
adequacy assessment process, and as defined by resolutions of the Supervisory Board; (e) issuing 
opinions about the Bank's overall current and future risk appetite and strategy; and (f) issuing opinions 
about the Bank's risk management strategy developed by the Management Board and reviewing 
information regarding the execution of this strategy presented by the Management Board, and 
supporting the Supervisory Board in supervising implementation of the Bank's risk management 
strategy by senior management.

--- Page 241 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 241 - 
70-41040845 
 
• 
The Remuneration Committee, whose authority includes, among others, the following: (a) reviewing 
principles and amounts of remuneration of Members of the Management Board, including the setting 
of relevant amounts; (b) tabling opinions concerning approval for Members of the Management Board 
of the Bank to engage in competitive activity; (c) issuing recommendations to the Supervisory Board 
regarding general guidelines for the Management Board on the level and structure of remuneration for 
the senior management of the Bank and the policy of variable items of remuneration of the persons 
holding managerial positions at the Bank; (d) monitoring the level and structure of remuneration of the 
senior management; and (e) issuing opinions and monitoring the remuneration policy adopted by the 
Bank and assisting in the development and implementation of this policy. 
• 
The IT Committee, whose authority includes, among others, the following: (a) performing ongoing 
supervision over the Bank's activities in the field of IT and IT security in the periods between meetings 
of the Supervisory Board; (b) analysing the Bank's periodic reports presented to the Supervisory Board 
in the field of IT and IT security; (c) presenting to the Supervisory Board conclusions from the review 
of the Bank's periodic reports in the field of IT and IT security; (d) recommending the Supervisory 
Board to approve or reject the Bank's IT and cybersecurity strategies, as well as changes to them; (e) 
monitoring the implementation of the IT Strategic Road Map and the introduction of IT strategic 
initiatives; and (f) monitoring the effectiveness of the IT operational risk management system, IT 
security and internal IT governance. 
The Standing Committees of the Supervisory Board present annual reports to the Supervisory Board on 
their activities. The Bank makes the report available to the shareholders before the Ordinary General 
Shareholders' Meeting. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
• 
The Executive and Nomination Committee is composed of: Professor Agnieszka Słomka-Gołębiowska 
(Chairwoman), Dr Marcus Chromik and Dr Bettina Orlopp; 
• 
The Audit Committee is composed of: Tomasz Bieske (Chairman), Dr Armin Barthel and Aleksandra 
Gren;  
• 
The Risk Committee is composed of: Dr Marcus Chromik (Chairman), Mirosław Godlewski, Dr 
Bettina Orlopp and Professor Agnieszka Słomka-Gołębiowska; 
• 
The Remuneration Committee is composed of: Dr Bettina Orlopp (Chairwoman), Tomasz Bieske, Dr 
Marcus Chromik and Mirosław Godlewski; and  
• 
The IT Committee is composed of: Aleksandra Gren (Chairwoman), Dr Marcus Chromik and 
Mirosław Godlewski. 
Members of the Supervisory Board 
The table below sets out information on the members of the Supervisory Board who held their positions as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Name 
Age 
Position 
Date on which 
the current term 
began 
Expiration of 
the term of 
office 
Agnieszka Słomka-
Gołębiowska  
46 
Chairwoman of the 
Supervisory Board 
(independent member) 
27 March 2020 
On the date of the 
AGM in 2023 
Bettina Orlopp  
52 
Deputy Chairwoman of the 
Supervisory Board 
27 March 2020 
On the date of 
the AGM in 
2023

--- Page 242 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 242 - 
70-41040845 
 
Name 
Age 
Position 
Date on which 
the current term 
began 
Expiration of 
the term of 
office 
Armin Barthel 
49 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board  
25 October 2021 
On the date of 
the AGM in 
2023 
Tomasz Bieske 
67 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board (independent member) 
27 March 2020 
On the date of 
the AGM in 
2023 
Marcus Chromik 
49 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
27 March 2020 
On the date of 
the AGM in 
2023 
Mirosław Godlewski 
55 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board (independent member) 
27 March 2020 
On the date of 
the AGM in 
2023 
Aleksandra Gren 
50 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board (independent member) 
27 March 2020 
On the date of 
the AGM in 
2023 
Arno Walter 
 
 
 
55 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board  
25 March 2021 
Resignation as of 
30 March 2023 
 _______________  
Source: The Bank. 
The mandates of the members of the Supervisory Board who are in office as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus will expire on the day of the General Shareholders' Meeting for approval of the financial 
statements for the last full financial year of the member of the Supervisory Board being in office at the 
latest. Arno Walter, due to his resignation, will cease to perform his function in the Bank's Supervisory 
Board as of 30 March 2023.  
Qualifications and professional experience 
Agnieszka Słomka-Gołębiowska 
Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board of the Bank (independent member) 
Agnieszka Słomka-Gołębiowska is a Professor at the Department of International Comparative Studies at 
the Warsaw School of Economics. She holds PhD in Economics and MSc. in Finance and Banking from 
the Warsaw School of Economics, as well as completing an MBA from the French Institute of Management 
and MA in International Business at the Copenhagen Business School. She has participated in numerous 
Executive Education courses, including in the IESE / Harvard Business School Program 'Value Creation 
through Effective Boards'. In 2000 to 2002 she worked at Arthur Andersen. In 2006, she was appointed 
Director of the Privatisation Department of the Industrial Development Agency, responsible for corporate 
governance and privatisation. 
Agnieszka Słomka-Gołębiowska possess 15 years of extensive experience on the boards of large 
international publicly listed and private companies, including active participation in audit, risk, 
remuneration and nomination committees as well as IT and security. 
She has received prestigious awards over the years, including the Alexander von Humboldt Fellowship and 
Polish-American Fulbright Fellowship at the University of California, Berkeley (Haas), where she co-
operated with prof. Oliver Williamson – Nobel Prize winner in economics. She was a visiting scholar at 
universities in Cambridge (MIT), Tucson (UOA), Munster, Copenhagen (CBS), Birmingham (BBS), Berlin

--- Page 243 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 243 - 
70-41040845 
 
(HSoG), Genoa (UoG – Law School), Florence (UnFI) and Vienna (WU). Since 2005, she has been a 
member of the Polish Institute of Directors, a founding member of the board of experts of the Forum of 
Supervisory Boards established in co-operation with PricewaterhouseCoopers and the Polish Association 
of Listed Companies (SEG) and co-operates with the Institute of Accounting and Taxes. In 2019, she 
received the Corporate Governance Personality Award. She is a global ambassador of the Bank of America 
and Vital Voices Partnership Program on women entrepreneurship and empowerment. 
Business address: 
mBank S.A. 
ul. Prosta 18 
00-850 Warsaw 
Poland 
Bettina Orlopp 
Deputy Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board of the Bank 
Bettina Orlopp graduated from the University of Regensburg with Diploma in business and administration 
(finance and production). She completed a Ph.D. at the University of Regensburg. 
Bettina Orlopp is Member of the Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank AG. As of 1 March 2020, 
she was appointed as Chief Financial Officer at Commerzbank AG responsible for the Group-wide Finance, 
Treasury, Tax as well as Investor Relations functions. She became Deputy Chairwoman of the Board of 
Managing Directors with effect from 17 June 2021. 
In 2014, Mrs. Orlopp started at Commerzbank AG as a Divisional Board Member for Group Development 
& Strategy, focus of work: Strategy, M&A, Corporate Finance (strategic balance sheet and capital 
management), Corporate Investments, Central Eastern Europe (CEE) Head office, CommerzVentures 
(Corporate ventures unit). In 2016, she was appointed Executive Board Member, responsible for 
Compliance, HR and Legal. She became a Member of the Board of Managing Directors by end of 2017, 
being responsible for the same divisions. Before joining Commerzbank, she had worked for McKinsey 
since 1995 (since 2002 as partner). 
Business address: 
Commerzbank AG 
Kaiserstraße 16 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Armin Barthel 
Member of the Supervisory Board of the Bank 
Since April 2016, Armin Barthel has been holding the positions of the Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) 
and Anti-Money Laundering Officer of Commerzbank AG Group. He is responsible for all compliance 
units of Commerzbank Group, including the compliance units in the foreign branches and subsidiaries of 
Commerzbank. 
After graduating in law in Marburg and the United Kingdom, passing the bar exam and receiving a PhD in 
law in Hamburg, Dr Armin Barthel began his career in 2003 in the Frankfurt branch of the Hengeler Mueller 
law firm. 
In 2005, he joined the legal department of Commerzbank AG in Frankfurt, where he held various positions. 
From 2012 he worked as the General Counsel and the Head of Legal for North America in the New York 
branch of Commerzbank. 
Business Address: 
Commerzbank AG 
Kaiserstraße 16

--- Page 244 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 244 - 
70-41040845 
 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Tomasz Bieske 
Member of the Supervisory Board of the Bank (independent member) 
Mr Bieske studied economics at the University of Cologne. He worked in Dresdner Bank's head office in 
Frankfurt for six years. In 1988, he moved to the Arthur Andersen office in Frankfurt, and a year later he 
co-founded Arthur Andersen in Poland and became the Head of Financial Markets Group. He was 
responsible for working with clients in the financial sector, auditing the financial statements of leading 
banks in Poland, transactions of sale of bank irregular loan portfolios and valuation of private banks' shares. 
In 2001, he was appointed Partner and Director of the Financial Markets Group, the Audit and Business 
Advisory at Ernst & Young. He worked for Ernst & Young until 30 June 2013. 
He participated in key projects in the financial services sector, including the preparation of public offerings 
of PKO BP S.A and Kredyt Bank S.A., as well as audits of financial statements of the National Bank of 
Poland, PKO BP S.A., Pekao S.A., Getin Holding and a number of other banks. He managed many advisory 
projects in the banking sector, such as: development of the concept of privatising of the WSE; preparation 
of an operational change plan at the Ministry of Finance; and the merger of four state-owned banks at Pekao 
S.A., prior to its privatisation. 
Since 2011, he has been participating in the work of the committee for legal and business regulatory changes 
of the co-operative banking sector, closely co-operating with the Polish Bank Association (Związek 
Banków Polskich) and the National Association of Co-operative Banks (Krajowy Związek Banków 
Spółdzielczych). Tomasz Bieske has a licence of a Polish statutory auditor. In 2019, he completed Oxford 
Fintech Programme. From 2019 he has been a member of the Association of Independent Supervisory 
Board Members. 
Business address: 
mBank S.A. 
ul. Prosta 18 
00-850 Warsaw 
Poland 
Marcus Chromik 
Member of the Supervisory Board of the Bank 
Marcus Chromik studied in Munich, Göttingen, and Kiel. He also spent time in the US engaged in scientific 
research in Michigan. Mr Chromik holds a PhD in nuclear physics. He started his professional career with 
McKinsey in 2001. In 2004 he joined Postbank Group, where he held various executive positions, including 
new issues and syndication, liquidity management, and Credit Treasury. Then Dr. Chromik served as Chief 
Market Risk Officer for Commerzbank for more than three years and was responsible for the Bank's market 
and liquidity risk management. 
Dr. Chromik has been a Divisional Board Member and Chief Credit Risk Officer for the Core Bank since 
2012. On 4 November 2015, the Supervisory Board of Commerzbank appointed him to the Board of 
Managing Directors. He took up his post as Chief Risk Officer on 1 January 2016. 
Business Address: 
Commerzbank AG 
Kaiserstraße 16 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mirosław Godlewski 
Member of the Supervisory Board of the Bank (independent member)

--- Page 245 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 245 - 
70-41040845 
 
Mirosław Godlewski completed the MBA programme at Warsaw University of Technology, the MBA 
programme at Ashridge Management College and the Harvard Business School Advanced Management 
Program. 
Mr. Godlewski is Senior Adviser at BCG, Chairman of Supervisory Board at Eubioco Sp z o. o. and so 
called "Angel Investor" & Partner with Hedgehog Fund. Mr Godlewski was a Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Netia S.A., Celon Pharma S.A., Absolvent.pl and ABC Data S.A, where he was also a member of 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. Between 2007 and 2014, he was the President and CEO of 
Netia S.A. He also held executive positions with Opoczno S.A., Pepsi-Cola General Bottlers – Poland Sp. 
z o.o., DEC Sp. z o.o. and MEMRB Polska. 
Business address: 
mBank S.A. 
ul. Prosta 18 
00-850 Warsaw 
Poland 
Aleksandra Gren 
Member of the Supervisory Board of the Bank (independent member) 
Aleksandra Gren graduated from Harvard Business School (Negotiations), London School of Economics 
(European Policy and Politics) and University of British Columbia (International Relations). 
Ms Gren is a FinServ technology executive with more than 22 years of professional experience in banking 
technology and banking. She started her career at the Royal Bank of Canada in Vancouver and has since 
worked for US-based fintech companies in the US, Middle East and Europe. 
For over 15 years she has been holding managerial positions as a board member or adviser. She has a proven 
track record of valuable, successful partnerships and transformation initiatives in the banking sector. Ms 
Gren was recognised by London-based Banking Technology Awards and PayTech Leadership Awards in 
Top 10 women in tech in 2016 and 2018. 
She was named Global Ambassador and Mentor by Bank of America GAP Global Leadership Development 
and Mentoring Program for emerging entrepreneurs in the US in March 2019. 
Business address: 
mBank S.A. 
ul. Prosta 18 
00-850 Warsaw 
Poland 
Arno Walter 
Member of the Supervisory Board of the Bank 
Arno Walter has been the Head of Wealth Management & Small Business Clients at Commerzbank AG 
since 1 January 2020 and is also responsible for the integration of Comdirect Bank into Commerzbank. In 
addition, he holds the position of Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Commerz Direktservice 
GmbH. From 2015 onwards he was CEO of Comdirect Bank AG, where he was responsible for Corporate 
Development & Strategy, Corporate Communications, Treasury & Business Partners as well as Audit. 
After completing his apprenticeship as a banker at Dresdner Bank AG, Mr. Walter studied Business 
Administration at the Goethe University Frankfurt am Main until 1995 (Diploma for business 
administration). After further stints in retail banking at Dresdner Bank, in 2000 he moved to Deutsche Börse 
Group. In 2002, as Head of Division to Commerzbank, where he held management positions in various 
areas. Until his move to Comdirect Bank AG, Mr. Walter was responsible for the branch-based Retail, 
Private and Business Banking in the South-West Germany region and was a Divisional Board Member in 
the Private Customers segment.

--- Page 246 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 246 - 
70-41040845 
 
Business Address: 
Commerzbank AG 
Kaiserstraße 16 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Positions held by members of the Supervisory Board in other companies 
In the table below, information on other companies in which members of the Supervisory Board held 
management board or supervisory board positions during the last five years is shown. 
Name 
Name of company 
Position 
Does the Supervisory 
Board member 
continue to serve in 
that capacity? 
Agnieszka Słomka-
Gołębiowska 
Budimex S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
 
Ghelamco Invest 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board, Chairwoman of 
Audit Committee 
Yes 
 
UN World Food 
Programme 
Member of the Audit 
Committee 
Yes 
 
Grupa Pracuj S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board, Chairwoman of 
Audit Committee 
Yes 
 
Fundacja Polski Instytut 
Myśli Gospodarczej 
Member of the Foundation 
Council 
No 
 
Trans EU SA 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
Bettina Orlopp 
Commerzbank AG 
Member of the Board of 
Managing Directors 
Yes 
 
EIS 
Einlagensicherungsbank 
GmbH, Berlin 
Chairwoman of the 
Advisory Board 
Yes 
 
CommerzVentures GmbH 
Frankfurt am Main 
Chairwoman of the Board 
of Directors 
Yes 
 
Commerz Real AG, 
Wiesbaden 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
 
Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse, Frankfurt 
am Main 
Member of the Exchange 
Council 
Yes 
 
EUREX Deutschland, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Member of the Exchange 
Council 
Yes 
Armin Barthel  
Commerz Services 
Holding GmbH, Frankfurt 
am Main 
Member of the Advisory 
Board 
Yes 
 
Commerzbank AG 
Divisional Board Member 
Group Compliance 
Yes 
Tomasz Bieske 
KRUK S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No  
 
PCM S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No

--- Page 247 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 247 - 
70-41040845 
 
Name 
Name of company 
Position 
Does the Supervisory 
Board member 
continue to serve in 
that capacity? 
 
Altus TFI S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
Marcus Chromik 
Commerzbank AG 
Member of the Board of 
Managing Directors 
Yes 
 
Commerz 
Real 
AG, 
Wiesbaden 
Deputy Chairman of the 
Supervisory 
Board 
and 
member 
of 
the 
Präsidialausschuss and the 
Anlage- 
und 
Risikoausschuss 
(sub-
committees) 
Yes 
 
Commerz 
Real 
Investmentgesellschaft 
mbH, Wiesbaden 
Deputy Chairman of the 
Supervisory 
Board 
and 
member 
of 
the 
Anlageausschuss and the 
Aufsichtsratspräsidium 
(sub-committees) 
Yes 
 
Verlagsbeteiligungs 
und 
Verwaltungsgesellschaft 
mit beschränkter Haftung, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Member of the Advisory 
Board 
Yes  
Mirosław Godlewski  
Eubioco S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Yes 
 
Absolvent.pl Sp. z o.o. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
 
ONDE S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Yes 
 
 
Nikalab Sp. z o.o. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
General Director of the 
Management Board 
Yes 
 
 
No 
 
Netia S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
 
Celon Pharma S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
 
Apteki Gemini  
Executive Chairman 
No 
Aleksandra Gren 
Fiserv Polska Sp. z o.o 
Member of the 
Management Board 
No 
 
Fundacja Głosy Kobiet  
Member of the Foundation 
Council  
Yes 
 
Fundacja Leopoldy Wild  
Member of the 
Management Board  
Yes 
Arno Walter 
Commerzbank AG 
Divisional Board Member 
Wealth Management & 
Business Customers and 
Divisional Board Member 
Marketing & Digital 
Banking (acting) 
Yes

--- Page 248 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 248 - 
70-41040845 
 
Name 
Name of company 
Position 
Does the Supervisory 
Board member 
continue to serve in 
that capacity? 
 
EURO Kartensysteme 
GmbH, Frankfurt am Main 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Yes 
 
Commerz Direktservice 
GmbH, Duisburg 
Deputy Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board and 
Deputy Chairman of the 
Aufsichtsratsausschuss 
No 
 
NEUGELB STUDIOS 
GmbH, Berlin 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Yes 
 
Baden-Württembergische 
Wertpapierbörse zu 
Stuttgart AöR, Stuttgart 
Member of the Exchange 
Council 
No 
 
Comdirect 
Versicherungsmakler AG, 
Quickborn 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
European Bank for 
Financial Services GmbH 
(ebase), Aschheim 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
Main Incubator GmbH, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
No 
 
OnVista 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board  
No 
 
Source: The Bank 
Other information on members of the Management and Supervisory Boards 
No Management Board or Supervisory Board member has any actual or potential conflict of interest 
between his/her duties to the Bank and his/her private interests and other duties.

--- Page 249 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 249 - 
70-41040845 
 
TAXATION 
GENERAL 
Potential investors and sellers of Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp taxes or 
other documentary taxes or fiscal duties or charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country 
where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In addition, payments of interest on the Notes, or 
income derived from the Notes, may be subject to taxation, including withholding taxes, in the jurisdiction 
of the Issuer, in the jurisdiction of the holder of Notes, or in other jurisdictions in which the holder of Notes 
is required to pay taxes. Any such tax consequences may have an impact on the net income received from 
the Notes. 
Prospective investors should carefully consider the tax consequences of investing in the Notes and 
consult their own tax adviser about their own tax situation. Finally, potential investors should be 
aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from 
time to time, with or without retroactive effect. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise 
tax treatment which will apply at any given time. 
POLAND 
1. 
General Information 
The following is a discussion on certain Polish tax considerations relevant to an investor who is a 
resident of Poland, or otherwise subject to Polish taxation. This statement should not be understood 
as tax advice. It is based on Polish tax laws and their interpretation in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change. Such changes may also be retroactive and may 
adversely affect the tax treatment described below. This description does not purport to be 
complete with respect to the tax information that may be relevant for investors due to their personal 
circumstances. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their professional tax 
adviser regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposal, sale, redemption or 
transfer without consideration of the Notes. The information provided below does not cover the 
tax consequences concerning income tax exemptions applicable to specific taxable items or 
specific taxpayers (e.g., domestic or foreign investment funds). References to "interest" and to any 
other terms in the paragraphs below mean "interest" or any other term, respectively, as understood 
in Polish tax law. 
For the purpose of this Section: 
"Affiliated Entities" means: 
(a) 
entities of which one entity Exercises a Significant Influence on at least one other entity; 
or 
(b) 
entities on which a Significant Influence is Exercised by: 
(i) 
the same other entity; or 
(ii) 
the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or affinity up to the second degree of a 
natural person exercising a significant influence on at least one entity; or 
(c) 
a partnership without legal personality and its partners (partner); or 
(d) 
limited partnerships and limited joint-stock partnership with their registered office or 
management in the territory of the Republic of Poland and its general partner; or 
(e) 
specific general partnerships with their registered office or management in the territory of 
the Republic of Poland and its partner; or 
(f) 
a taxable person and their foreign establishment, and in the case of a tax capital group - a 
company being its part and its foreign establishment. 
(each of being a manifestation of an existence of an Affiliation)

--- Page 250 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 250 - 
70-41040845 
 
"Exercising a Significant Influence" means: 
(a) 
holding directly or indirectly at least 25 per cent. of: 
(i) 
shares in the capital; or 
(ii) 
voting rights in the supervisory, decision-making or managing bodies; or 
(iii) 
shares in or rights to participate in the profits, losses or the property or their 
expectative, including participation units and investment certificates; or 
(b) 
the actual ability of a natural person to influence key economic decisions taken by a legal 
person or an organisational unit without legal personality, or 
(c) 
being the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or by affinity up to the second degree. 
2. 
Notes admitted to public trading under specific conditions 
Tax exemption for non-residents 
Under Art. 17.1.50c of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the "CIT Act"), 
tax-free income is income earned by a CIT taxpayer subject to limited tax liability (ie. non-
residents) in Poland in respect of interest or a discount on securities: 
(i) 
having a maturity of at least one year; 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced into an alternative trading system 
within the meaning of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments, in the 
territory of Poland or in the territory of a state that is a party to a double tax convention 
concluded with Poland which regulates the taxation of income from dividends, interest 
and royalties, 
unless the taxpayer is an Affiliated Entity of the Issuer of such securities, and holds, directly or 
indirectly, together with other affiliates within the meaning of those regulations, more than 10 per 
cent. of the nominal value of those securities. 
Exclusion from withholding 
Regardless whether payment is made to tax exempt or non-exempt investor, under Art. 26.1aa-1ac 
of the CIT Act, remitters are not obliged to withhold tax on interest or discount in respect of the 
securities (such as Notes) meeting the above requirements, provided that the Issuer submits to the 
tax authority competent for the taxpayer a declaration that it has acted with due diligence in 
informing Affiliated Entities, about the exemption conditions applying to those Affiliated Entities. 
The declaration is made once in relation to a given issue of securities, not later than the date of the 
payment of interest or discount on the securities. 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax (Art. 21.1.130c and Art. 41.24-26 of the 
Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July 1991 (the "PIT Act")). 
It must be noted, that with respect to interest payments made from and including 1 January 2023, 
a tax remitter, in order to be able to apply the abovementioned exemption, will no longer be 
required to file a statement to the tax office. 
If the abovementioned criteria are not met and the interest (discount) payments are not eligible for 
of the special exemption described in this section, following rules of taxation described below will 
apply. 
3. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident individual 
Under Art. 3.1 of the PIT Act, natural persons, if residing in the Republic of Poland, are liable for 
tax on their total income (revenue) irrespective of the location of the sources of revenue (unlimited 
obligation to pay tax).

--- Page 251 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 251 - 
70-41040845 
 
Under Art. 3.1a of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has their 
centre of personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 
days in a year, unless any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise. 
(a) 
Withholding Tax on Interest Income 
According to Article 30a.7 of the PIT Act, interest income, including discount, derived by 
a Polish tax resident individual does not cumulate with general income subject to the 
progressive tax rate but under Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act is subject to 19 per cent. flat rate 
tax. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including 
countries which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to 
the tax paid abroad, but not higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be 
deducted from the Polish tax liability. Particular double tax treaties can provide other 
methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Under Article 41.4 of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting 
within the scope of his/her business activity, should withhold the Polish 19 per cent. tax 
upon any interest payment. 
Under Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for individuals, 
acting as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest income 
(revenue) has been earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said 
accounts, and the interest payment to the individual (the taxpayer) is made through those 
entities; this principle also applies to remitters who are payers of corporate income tax and 
are subject to limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent they conduct their business 
through a foreign establishment in Poland and the securities account is linked to that 
establishment's operations. 
There are no regulations defining in which cases income earned (revenue) by a Polish tax 
resident should be considered income (revenue) earned in Poland. However, we can expect 
those cases to be analogous to those of non-residents. Pursuant to Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act, 
income (revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall include in 
particular income (revenues) from: 
(i) 
work performed in the Republic of Poland based on a service relationship, 
employment relationship, outwork system and co-operative employment 
relationship irrespective of the place where remuneration is paid; 
(ii) 
activity performed in person in the Republic of Poland irrespective of the place 
where remuneration is paid; 
(iii) 
economic activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign 
establishment located in the Republic of Poland; 
(iv) 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, 
including from its disposal in whole or in part, or from disposal of any rights to 
such property; 
(v) 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the 
Republic of Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including 
those obtained from the disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise 
of rights resulting from them; 
(vi) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in 
a partnership without legal personality, participation in an investment fund, a 
collective investment undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar 
character or from receivables being a consequence of holding those shares, rights 
and obligations participation or rights, if at least 50 per cent. of the value of assets 
of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective investment undertaking

--- Page 252 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 252 - 
70-41040845 
 
or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable properties 
located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
(vii) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or 
similar rights in a real estate company (as defined in the PIT Act); 
(viii) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, 
by natural persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, 
having their place of residence, registered office, or management board in the 
Republic of Poland, irrespective of the place of concluding and performing the 
agreement; and 
(ix) 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
The above list is not exhaustive; therefore, the tax authorities may also consider that 
income (revenues) not listed above is sourced in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned 
by a Polish tax resident individual from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in 
Poland and whether the entity operating the securities account for the individual will 
withhold the tax. Since the Issuer is a Polish entity, as a rule, interest from the Notes should 
be considered as earned in the territory of Poland. 
According to Article 45.3b and Art. 45.1 of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the 
individual is obliged to settle the tax himself/herself by 30 April of the following year. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Polish omnibus 
accounts (within the meaning of the provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial 
Instruments, hereinafter "Omnibus Accounts"). Under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act, insofar 
as securities registered in Omnibus Accounts are concerned, the entities operating 
Omnibus Accounts through which the amounts due are paid are liable to withhold the flat-
rate income tax on interest income. The tax is charged on the day of placing the amounts 
due at the disposal of the Omnibus Account holder. This rule also applies to remitters who 
are payers of corporate income tax and are subject to limited tax liability in Poland, to the 
extent they conduct their business through a foreign establishment and the securities 
account is linked to that establishment's operations. 
Additionally, under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from 
interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities (including the Notes 
referred to herein) registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed 
to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 
per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter (under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act the 
entity operating the Omnibus Account) from the aggregate income (revenue) released for 
the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. 
Under Art. 45.3c of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest 
(discount) on securities (including the Notes referred to herein) in the annual tax return if 
the Notes were registered in Omnibus Account and the taxpayer's identity was not revealed 
to the tax remitter. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including 
countries which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to 
the tax paid abroad, but not higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be 
deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double tax treaties can provide other methods of 
withholding tax settlements. 
(b) 
Income from Notes other than interest 
Income other than interest, including income from transfer of Notes against a 
consideration, derived by a Polish tax resident individual from financial instruments, such 
as the Notes, held as non-business assets, qualify as capital income according to Article

--- Page 253 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 253 - 
70-41040845 
 
17 of the PIT Act. Such income does not cumulate with the general income subject to the 
progressive tax scale but is subject to a 19 per cent. flat rate tax. 
Under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT Act the income from disposal of securities is calculated as 
the difference between the sum of revenues from a transfer of securities against a 
consideration and tax deductible costs, calculated on the basis of the relevant provisions 
of the PIT Act under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT Act. Based on Art. 17.2 and Art. 19.1 of the 
PIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract without a valid reason significantly deviates 
from the market value, the amount of income is determined by the tax authority or fiscal 
control authority in the amount of the market value. 
The taxpayer itself is obliged to settle the tax on the transfer of securities (including the 
Notes) against a consideration. Taxpayers should prepare their annual tax return by the 
end of April of the year following the tax year in which the income was earned. No tax or 
tax advances are withheld by the person making the payments. 
Furthermore, capital gains are subject to 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the 
surplus of various incomes above PLN 1 million in total.  The levy must be calculated and 
settled by the individuals themselves. 
(c) 
Notes held as business assets 
Income from the Notes, such as income from a transfer of Notes against a consideration 
(but not interest income), should be treated as income from business activities and should 
be subject to tax in the same way as other business income. The tax, at 19 per cent. flat 
rate or the 12 per cent. to 32 per cent. progressive tax rate depending on the choice and 
meeting of certain conditions, should be settled by the individuals themselves. 
Furthermore, business income is subject to 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the 
surplus of various incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and 
settled by the individuals themselves. 
4. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the "CIT Act") the 
entire income of taxpayers who have their registered office or management in Poland is subject to 
tax obligation in Poland, irrespective of where the income is earned. 
According to Art. 3.1a of the CIT Act, a taxpayer has a place of management in the territory of 
the Republic of Poland, inter alia, when the current affairs of this taxpayer are conducted in an 
organized and continuous manner on the territory of the Republic of Poland, based in particular 
on: 
(a) 
an agreement, decision, court ruling or other act regulating the establishment or 
functioning of the taxpayer; or 
(b) 
powers of attorney; or 
(c) 
Affliations. 
Income (revenue) from the Notes, both on account of interest/discount and other income, including 
transfer of securities against a consideration, earned by a Polish tax resident corporate income 
taxpayer whose entire income is subject to tax liability in Poland, is subject to income tax 
following the same general principles as those which apply to any other income received from 
business activity within the same source of income.  As a rule, for Polish income tax purposes, 
interest is recognised as revenue on a cash basis, i.e. when it is received and not when it has 
accrued. Income from a transfer of securities against a consideration is in principle their value 
expressed in the price specified in the contract. According to Art. 14 of the CIT Act, if the price 
expressed in the contract, without a valid reason, significantly deviates from the market value, the 
revenue amount is determined by the tax authority in the amount of the market value. In the case 
of income from the transfer of securities against a consideration, tax deductible costs are generally 
recognized when the corresponding revenue has been achieved. The taxpayer itself (without the

--- Page 254 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 254 - 
70-41040845 
 
remitter's participation) settles income tax on interest/discount and on the transfer of securities 
against a consideration, which is settled along with other income from the taxpayer's business 
activity within the same source of income. 
Regarding the proper source of revenue, in principle, the income (revenue) from the Notes, 
including their transfer against a consideration, is combined with revenues from capital gains (Art. 
7b.1 of the CIT Act). In the case of insurers, banks and some other entities (financial institutions), 
this revenue is included in revenues other than revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b (2) of the CIT 
Act). 
The appropriate tax rate is the same as the tax rate applicable to business activity, i.e. 19 per cent. 
Although, in principle, no Polish withholding tax should apply on interest payable to Polish 
corporate income taxpayers, under specific rules applying to interest income on securities held in 
Omnibus Accounts, under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, for income (revenue) from interest transferred 
to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity 
has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial 
Instruments, a 20 per cent flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income 
(revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. If 
such tax is withheld for a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer, to receive a refund of 
such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
Any withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which have not concluded any 
tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than the tax 
calculated in accordance with the applicable domestic tax rate, can be deducted from the Polish 
tax liability. Double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
5. 
Notes held by a non-Polish tax resident (natural person or corporation) 
Under Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, natural persons, if they do not reside in Poland, are liable to pay 
tax only on income (revenue) earned in Poland (limited obligation to pay tax). 
Under Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, in the case of taxpayers who do not have their registered office or 
management in Poland, only the income they earn in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland. 
Non-Polish residents are subject to Polish income tax only with respect to their income earned in 
Poland. Under Art. 3.3 of the CIT Act, income (revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by 
non-residents shall include in particular income (revenues) from: 
(a) 
all types of activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign 
establishment located in the Republic of Poland; 
(b) 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including 
from its disposal in whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to such property; 
(c) 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic 
of Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from 
the disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
(d) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a 
partnership without legal personality, participation in an investment fund or a collective 
investment undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from 
receivables being a consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations 
participation or rights, if at least 50 per cent. of the value of assets of this company, 
partnership, investment fund, collective investment undertaking or legal entity is 
constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable properties located in the Republic of 
Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
(e) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights 
in a real estate company (as defined in the CIT Act);

--- Page 255 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 255 - 
70-41040845 
 
(f) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by 
natural persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having 
their place of residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, 
irrespective of the place of concluding or performing the agreement; and 
(g) 
unrealised gains referred to in the exit tax chapter. 
Similar provisions are included in Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act. 
It should be noted that the list of incomes (revenues) gained in Poland, as provided in Art. 3.3. of 
the CIT Act and Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act is not exhaustive, therefore, other income (revenues) may 
also be considered as earned in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a 
Polish tax resident from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in Poland. However, since 
the Issuer is a Polish entity, income from the Notes is likely be considered as earned in Poland and 
Polish withholding tax should apply. 
General rules for Polish withholding taxation 
If income from the Notes is considered as sourced in Poland, the following applies: 
In the case of taxpayers subject to limited tax liability in Poland, the interest (discount) on the 
Notes earned in the Polish territory is taxed as a general rule at a flat rate of 20 per cent. in the 
case of corporate income tax payers (Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act) or 19 per cent. in the case of 
natural persons (Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act). Under Art. 26.1 of the CIT Act, interest payers, other 
than individuals not acting within the scope of their business activity, should withhold this tax and 
a similar provisions are provided in Art. 41.4 of the PIT Act. 
Under Art. 26.2c.1 of the CIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts and Omnibus 
Accounts for taxpayers, acting as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest 
income (revenue) was earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said 
accounts, and the interest payment to the taxpayer is made through said entities. Although it is 
considered that foreign entities do not act as Polish tax remitters, according to the discussed 
provision, this obligation applies to non-residents to the extent they operate a permanent 
establishment in Poland and the account, on which securities are registered, is linked to the activity 
of this permanent establishment. Similar provisions concerning interest payments to individuals 
are provided in Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act. 
The described rules of taxation may be modified by the relevant provisions of double tax treaties 
concluded by Poland, based on which a reduced tax rate or income tax exemption may apply to 
income (revenue) obtained from interest/discount (Art. 21.2 of the CIT Act, Art. 30a.2 of the PIT 
Act). To benefit from the tax rate or income tax exemption under the tax treaty, the taxpayer should 
present a valid certificate of its tax residence. As a rule, the tax residence certificate is considered 
valid for twelve consecutive months from its date of issue. Tax remitters may require additional 
documentation in order to be able to apply double tax treaty benefits described above, such as the 
confirmation of the recepient's beneficial owner status towards the interest payments. 
Moreover, many tax treaties provide protection only for beneficial owners. Pursuant to Art. 4a.29 
of the CIT Act and, respectively, Art. 5a.33d of the PIT Act, beneficial owner means an entity 
meeting all of the following conditions: 
(a) 
it receives the amount due for its own benefit, which includes deciding independently 
about its purpose, and bears the economic risk associated with the loss of that receivable 
or part of it; 
(b) 
it is not an intermediary, representative, trustee, or another entity obliged to transfer the 
receivable in whole or in part to another entity; and 
(c) 
it conducts real business activity in the country of its registration, if the receivables are 
obtained in connection with the conducted business activity whereas when assessing

--- Page 256 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 256 - 
70-41040845 
 
whether the entity conducts real business activity, the nature and scale of such activity in 
the scope of received receivables are taken into account. 
Although the definition of the beneficial owner does not refer to Art. 24a.18 of the CIT Act and 
Art. 30f. 20 of the PIT Act those are the only places in the income tax legislation where real 
business activity is defined. Therefore, it cannot be ruled out that factors listed there will be taken 
into account by the tax authorities in determining beneficial ownership status. Those factors 
include: 
(a) 
the business activity carried out by the taxpayer is performed through an existing 
enterprise that actually performs activities constituting an economic activity; in particular, 
it possesses premises, qualified personnel and equipment used for performing business 
activity; 
(b) 
the taxpayer does not create artificial arrangement without a connection with any business 
activity; 
(c) 
the taxpayer's actual premises, its personnel or equipment correspond to the scope of its 
actual business activity; 
(d) 
the agreements concluded by the taxpayer are realistic in economic terms, they have 
economic justification and they are not noticeably contrary to the general business interest 
of the taxpayer; 
(e) 
the taxpayer carries out its business functions independently, using its own resources, 
including managers who are present in the country of taxpayer's tax residency. The 
majority of double tax treaties concluded by Poland provide for an exemption from income 
tax on capital gains, including income from the sale of securities obtained in Poland by a 
tax resident of a given country. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts. Also, in 
cases where Polish withholding tax should not apply on interest payable to non-Polish tax residents 
(natural persons or corporate income taxpayers), under specific rules applicable to interest income 
on securities held in Omnibus Accounts there is a risk that such tax would be withheld. Under Art. 
26.2a of the CIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers 
holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been 
revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 
per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released 
for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. Under Art. 30a.2a of 
the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights 
attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the 
tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-
rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit 
of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. If such tax is withheld for non-Polish 
tax resident taxpayers, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
If a person or an entity subject to limited tax liability in Poland acts through a foreign establishment 
in Poland to which income is related, as a matter of principle provisions of law should apply that 
are analogous to taxpayers subject to unlimited tax liability in Poland, with some necessary 
additional requirements (e.g. the requirement to present the interest payer with a certificate of tax 
residence along with a declaration that the interest is related to the establishment's activities). 
6. 
Pay & Refund regime 
In addition to the rules set out above, the following regime applies. 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act, if the total amount paid out between Affiliated Entities on account 
of the items listed in Art. 21.1 of the CIT Act (including interest / discount on securities) and Art. 
22.1 of the CIT Act to the same taxpayer exceeds Polish Zloty 2,000,000 in the tax year of the 
payer, payers are, as a general rule, required to withhold, on the day of payment, a flat-rate income

--- Page 257 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 257 - 
70-41040845 
 
tax at the basic rate (20 per cent. in the case of interest/discount on securities) from the excess over 
that amount, without being able not to withhold that tax on the basis of an appropriate double tax 
treaty, and also without taking into account exemptions or rates resulting from special regulations 
or double tax treaties (hereinafter the "Pay & Refund). 
Under Art. 26.2i and 26.2j of the CIT Act, if the payer's tax year is longer or shorter than 12 
months, the amount to which the Pay & Refund applies is calculated by multiplying 1/12 of Polish 
Zloty 2,000,000 and the number of months that have begun in the tax year in which the payment 
was made; if the calculation of that amount is not possible by reference to the payer's tax year, the 
Pay & Refund shall apply accordingly to the payer's current financial year and, in its absence, with 
respect to the payer's other period with features specific to the financial year, no longer however 
than 23 consecutive months. 
Based on Art. 26.2ca of the CIT Act, the entities making payments through securities accounts or 
Omnibus Accounts are obliged to provide the entities maintaining these accounts, at least 7 days 
before the payment is made, with information about the existence of Affiliations between them 
and the taxpayer and about exceeding the amount of PLN 2,000,000. Entities providing this 
information are required to update it before making the payment in the event of a change in the 
circumstances covered by the information. 
Under Art. 26.2k of the CIT Act, if the payment was made in a foreign currency, to determine 
whether the amount to which the Pay & Refund applies was exceeded, the amounts paid are 
converted into Polish Zloty at the average exchange rate published by the National Bank of Poland 
on the last business day preceding the payment day. 
Under Art. 26.2l of the CIT Act, if it is not possible to determine the amount paid to the same 
taxpayer, it is presumed that it exceeded the amount from which the & Refund applies. 
Pursuant to the Regulation of the Minister of Finance dated 31 December 2018 regarding the 
exclusion or limited application of Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act (the "Regulation"), in respect of 
securities held on securities accounts or Omnibus Accounts, until 31 December 2022 the 
application of the Pay & Refund regime is excluded to interest payable to taxpayers having their 
registered office or management outside the territory of the Republic of Poland. 
Furthermore, there are certain exemptions from the Pay & Refund regime that require the tax 
remitter to undertake certain actions. 
In the case of withholding tax being a result of the Pay & Refund, if double tax treaties or special 
regulations provide for a tax exemption or reduced tax rate, the taxpayer or tax remitter (if the tax 
remitter has paid tax with its own funds and has borne the economic burden of such tax, e.g. as a 
result of a gross-up clause) may apply for a refund of that tax by submitting the relevant documents 
and declarations. When recognizing that the refund is justified, the tax authorities shall carry it out 
within six months. 
Pay & Refund does not apply in the case of the special exemption applicable to Notes meeting 
certain conditions referred to in the section entitled "Specific exemption for Notes meeting special 
conditions" above. 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax, including Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act which 
provides for an analogous Pay & Refund mechanism, while the Regulation of the Minister of 
Finance of 31 December 2018 regarding the exclusion or limited application of Art. 41.12 of the 
PIT Act is the equivalent of the Regulation. 
7. 
Withholding taxation of certain payments made to tax havens 
Based on Art. 26.1m of the CIT Act, if a tax remitter makes a payment on account of certain capital 
profits (eg. revenues from financial instruments, including interest and capital gains) to a corporate 
entity with its registered seat or effective place of management in a tax haven, such tax remitter is 
obliged to withhold tax at 19% rate calculated from the amount being paid out.

--- Page 258 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 258 - 
70-41040845 
 
The list of the tax havens is included in the Regulation of the Minister of Finance from 28 march 
2019 on identifying the countries and territories applying harmful tax competition for corporate 
taxation purposes. 
Tax remitter's liability 
8. 
Under Article 30 paragraph 1 of the Act of 29 August 1997 – Tax Ordinance (the "Tax 
Ordinance"), a tax remitter that has not performed its obligation to calculate and withhold tax 
from a taxpayer, or to transfer the appropriate amount of tax to the relevant tax office, is liable for 
tax not withheld, or tax withheld but not transferred to the relevant tax office. The remitter is liable 
for those obligations with all of its assets. Under Article 30 paragraph 5 of the Tax Ordinance, the 
provisions on the tax remitter's liability do not apply if separate provisions provide otherwise, or 
if the tax has not been withheld through the taxpayer's fault (save for particular cases set out in of 
Article 30 paragraph 5a of the Tax Ordinance). 
9. 
Civil Law Activities Tax 
Neither an issue of Notes nor the redemption of Notes is subject to the civil law activities tax (the 
"CLAT"). 
Under Article 1 clause 1 point 1) a) of the Act on the Civil Law Activities Tax of 9 September 
2000 (the "CLAT Act"), agreements for the sale or exchange of assets or proprietary rights are 
subject to civil law activities tax. The Notes should be considered as representing proprietary rights. 
Transactions are taxable if the following are the subject thereof: 
• 
assets located in Poland or proprietary rights exercisable in Poland; 
• 
assets located abroad or proprietary rights exercisable abroad if the acquirer's place of 
residence or registered office is located in Poland and the civil law transaction was 
concluded in Poland. 
Although this is not clearly addressed in the law, in principle the Notes should be considered rights 
exercisable in Poland. 
The CLAT on the sale of the Notes (which, as a rule, are considered rights) is 1 per cent. of their 
market value and is payable by the purchaser within 14 days after the sale agreement is concluded. 
If an exchange agreement is concluded, the CLAT is payable jointly and severally by both parties 
to the agreement. However, if any agreement is entered into in notarial form, the CLAT due should 
be withheld and paid by the notary public. 
However, under Article 9 clause 9 of the CLAT Act, a CLAT exemption applies to the sale of 
proprietary rights that are financial instruments (including the Notes): 
(i) 
to investment firms or foreign investment firms; 
(ii) 
through the intermediary of investment firms or foreign investment firms; 
(iii) 
in organised trading; or 
(iv) 
outside organised trading by investment firms or foreign investment firms if the 
proprietary rights were acquired by those firms in organised trading, 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments. 
10. 
European Union Directives on Administrative Co-operation in the Field of Taxation and the 
Taxation of Savings Income 
The European Union adopted Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 
2014/107/EU, on administrative co-operation in the field of taxation and repealing Council 
Directive 2003/48/EC, regarding the taxation of savings income. From 1 July 2005, Member States 
have been required to provide to the tax authorities of other Member States details of payments of 
interest or other similar income paid by a person to an individual resident in another Member State.

--- Page 259 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 259 - 
70-41040845 
 
A number of non-EU countries and territories (referred to in that Directive) adopted equivalent 
measures from the same date. 
Notwithstanding the repeal of Council Directive 2003/48/EC (as amended by Directive 
204/48/EU), equivalent measures continue to apply in Poland pursuant to the Act on the Exchange 
of Tax Information with other countries of 9 March 2017.

--- Page 260 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 260 - 
70-41040845 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated on or about 28 
November 2022, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time 
agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" 
and "Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers 
for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme 
and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred 
by them in connection therewith. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Each Dealer has severally represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
The United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in the preceding sentence have 
the meaning given to them by Regulation S. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them 
by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the "Code") and regulations thereunder. 
The applicable terms of the Notes will identify whether the TEFRA D or TEFRA C apply or whether 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, and as described below, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time, or (ii) otherwise until forty days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Series, within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes 
during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons. 
Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meaning given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Series, any 
offer or sale of Notes of such Series within the United States by a Dealer that is not participating in the 
offering may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each purchaser of Notes sold outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each subsequent 
purchaser of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, by accepting 
delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and 
acknowledged that: 
(i) 
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and (a) it is not 
a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation S), and 
(b) it is not an affiliate of the Bank or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate.

--- Page 261 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 261 - 
70-41040845 
 
(ii) 
It understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and that, prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, it will not offer, sell, pledge 
or otherwise transfer such Notes except in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or 
Rule 905 of Regulation S, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the 
United States. 
(iii) 
It understands that such Notes, unless otherwise determined by the Bank in accordance with 
applicable law, will bear a legend in or substantially in the following form: 
"THIS INSTRUMENT HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") AND MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT." 
(iv) 
It understands that the Bank, the relevant Dealer(s) and their affiliates, and others will rely upon 
the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
Furthermore, each Series of Notes will also be subject to such further United States selling 
restrictions as the Bank and the relevant Dealer or Dealers may agree and as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in 
respect of any Notes specified the "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). 
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
("MiFID II");  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of the Exempt Notes) in respect 
of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each 
member state of the EEA ("Member State"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in that 
Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 262 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 262 - 
70-41040845 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in 
respect of any Notes specified the "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "EUWA"); 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect of 
any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offeror; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 263 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 263 - 
70-41040845 
 
Other Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes 
in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article L.411-2 1° of the French 
Code monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, and it has only distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified investors this Base 
Prospectus, any Final Terms (or Pricing Supplements, in the case of Exempt Notes) or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted, 
acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to 
any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;

--- Page 264 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 264 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland  
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), except pursuant to and in accordance with an exemption from the 
prospectus requirements of the FinSA. No application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on 
any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the 
FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the 
Notes. 
Information for the Affiliated Entities (as defined below) of the Issuer 
In order to comply with the obligation to act with due care, as referred to in Article 41 section 25 of the PIT 
Act and Article 26 section 1ab of the CIT Act, the Issuer informs the Noteholders being the Affiliated 
Entities (as defined below) that the exemption from income tax pursuant to Article 21 section 1 point 130c) 
of the PIT Act and Article 17 section 1 point 50c) of the CIT Act applies to income from interest, whereby 
the note generating the income: 
(a) 
has a maturity of not less than one year; 
(b) 
has been admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced to an alternative trading system, 
within the meaning of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, in the Republic of Poland or in 
a state that is a party to a double taxation treaty concluded with the Republic of Poland, the 
provisions of which set out the principles of taxing income from dividends, interest and royalties; 
and 
(c) 
in the event that the income is earned by a taxpayer referred to in Article 3 section 2a of the PIT 
Act, or Article 3 section 2 of the CIT Act, who, at the moment of generating income, is an affiliated 
entity within the meaning of Article 23m section 1 point 4 of the PIT Act, or within the meaning 
of Article 11a section 1 point 4 of the CIT Act (the "Affiliated Entities") with the issuer of the 
bonds, then that taxpayer may not hold, directly or indirectly, together with other affiliated entities 
within the meaning of these regulations, more than 10 per cent. of the nominal value of these bonds. 
In view of point (c) above, the Issuer informs the Noteholders being the Affiliated Entities that they must 
not acquire more than 10 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes (the "Obligation"). The Obligation 
applies to Notes issued under the Programme. The Issuer informs the Noteholders being the Affiliated 
Entities that in the event the Affiliated Entity fails to comply with the Obligation, they may expect to lose 
the tax exemption referred to in Article 41 section 25 of the PIT Act and Article 26 section 1ab of the CIT 
Act.

--- Page 265 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 265 - 
70-41040845 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Management Board of the 
Issuer dated 2 November 2022. 
Approval, Listing of Notes and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has 
also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The listing of the 
Programme in respect of Notes is expected to be granted on 28 November 2022. 
Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection (or from the date of subsequent publication (as the case 
may be)) from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being at 2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, 
1115 Luxembourg, Luxembourg: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Q3 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements, the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements and 
the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements; 
(c) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most recently 
published unaudited semi-annual financial statements (if any) of the Issuer (in each case, with an 
English translation thereof), together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection 
therewith; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(f) 
any future Base Prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplements, in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference; and 
(g) 
in the case of each issue of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market subscribed pursuant to a subscription agreement, the subscription agreement (or 
equivalent document). 
For at least ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus, a copy of any document containing the 
information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the Issuer's website at 
https://www.mbank.pl/en/investor-relations/ratings-debt-instruments/issue-programs.html. 
For 
the 
avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the Bank's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code, ISIN, FISN and CFI code for

--- Page 266 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 266 - 
70-41040845 
 
each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes 
are to be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes). The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue 
Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and 
will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant/Material Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and its subsidiaries, taken as a 
whole, since 31 December 2021. There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of the Issuer and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, since 30 September 2022. 
Litigation 
There are not and have not been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months before the 
date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Auditors 
The financial statements of the Issuer from 2018 to 2021 have been audited by Ernst & Young Audyt Polska 
(spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp. k. as the Issuer's external auditor and unqualified opinions 
have been reported thereon. Ernst & Young Audyt Polska spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp. k. 
is registered on the list of audit firms maintained by the Polish Audit Oversight Agency under the number 
130. 
 
On 31 March 2022 KPMG Audyt Spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp.k. was appointed as the 
external auditor of the Group in respect of the financial statements for the years 2022 - 2023. KPMG Audyt 
Spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp.k. is registered on the list of audit firms maintained by the 
Polish Audit Oversight Agency under the number 3546. 
 
The auditor's reports in respect of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements and the 2020 Consolidated 
Financial Statements (each as incorporated by reference herein) are incorporated herein in the form and 
context in which they appear. 
 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer, and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the

--- Page 267 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 267 - 
70-41040845 
 
Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Validity of the Base Prospectus 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the 
end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 268 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 268 - 
70-41040845 
 
ISSUER 
mBank S.A. 
ul. Prosta 18 
00-850 Warsaw 
Poland 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
1100 Vienna 
Austria 
 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38 avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
UniCredit Bank AG  
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
ISSUE AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Security Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg  
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
From 2018 to 2021:  
 
Ernst & Young Audyt Polska  
spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością 
spółka komandytowa 
ul. Rondo ONZ 1 
00-124 Warsaw 
Poland 
From 31 March 2022:  
 
KPMG Audyt Spółka z ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnością sp.k. 
ul. Inflancka 4a 
00-189 Warsaw 
Poland

--- Page 269 ---
10242236824-v26 
- 269 - 
70-41040845 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Polish law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Allen & Overy, A. Pędzich sp. k. 
ul. Grzybowska 56 
00-844 Warsaw 
Poland 
To the Arranger and Dealers as to English law 
To the Arranger and Dealers as to Polish law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Clifford Chance 
Janicka, Krużewski, Namiotkiewicz i wspólnicy 
Sp.k 
Norway House 
ul. Lwowska 19 
00-660 Warsaw 
Poland