--- Page 1 ---
98042995.13 
i 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
MBANK S.A. 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(incorporated as a joint stock company in the Republic of Poland) 
Under this €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), mBank S.A. (the 
"Issuer", "mBank" or the "Bank", and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Group") may from 
time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the 
Programme Agreement described herein under "Subscription and Sale" below), subject to any increase as 
described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General 
Description of the Programme" below and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from 
time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a 
specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in 
the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed for by more than one Dealer, be to all 
Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Article 8(1) of 
the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus has been approved 
by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), in its capacity as 
competent authority under Article 6(1) of the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses 
for securities (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"), as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Notes issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months after the date hereof. The CSSF has only approved this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as 
an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. The CSSF assumes no 
responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the 
Luxembourg Prospectus Law. Applications have been made for such Notes to be admitted during the period 
of 12 months after the date hereof to listing on the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the 
regulated market (the "Regulated Market") of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The 
Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.

--- Page 2 ---
98042995.13 
ii 
 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for use for a 
period of up to 12 months after its approval and shall expire on 13 September 2025, at the latest. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered 
to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) 
and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to 
Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.  
The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with Exempt Notes (including the Pricing Supplement (as defined therein)). 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF 
THE SECURITIES ACT IS AVAILABLE AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION 
(SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE"). 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will 
be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final 
Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Exempt 
Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the 
issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a 
pricing supplement document (the "Pricing Supplement"). 
The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) for each Tranche of Notes 
will state whether the Notes of such Tranche are to be: (i) Senior Notes; or (ii) Subordinated Notes and, if 
Senior Notes, whether such notes are: (a) Ordinary Senior Notes; (b) MREL Senior Notes; or (c) Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and, if Subordinated Notes, whether such Notes are: (a) Senior Subordinated Notes; 
or (b) Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), the 
Prague Interbank Offered Rate ("PRIBOR"), which is provided by Czech Financial Benchmark Facility 
s.r.o. ("Czech Financial Benchmark"), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), which is 
provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), 
which is provided by the Bank of England, or the Warsaw Interbank Offered Rate ("WIBOR"), which is 
provided by GPW Benchmark S.A. ("GPW Benchmark"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI, 
Czech Financial Benchmark and GPW Benchmark are included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation") but are not included in the register of administrators of the United Kingdom ("UK") Financial 
Conduct Authority under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic law 
of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation" and, together with the EU Benchmarks Regulations, the "Benchmarks Regulations"). As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of SONIA and SOFR are not included in such registers. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, under Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, the administrator of SONIA, the Bank of England, and the administrator of SOFR, the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, are not required to obtain authorisation or registration as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulations is a matter 
of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms (or the Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) to reflect any 
change in the registration status of an administrator.

--- Page 3 ---
98042995.13 
iii 
 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors 
that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under 
"Risk Factors" below. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. A revision, 
suspension, reduction, or withdrawal of a rating may adversely affect the market price of the Notes. 
 
Arranger 
 
 
Commerzbank 
 
 
 
 
 
Dealers 
 
Barclays 
 
Commerzbank 
Erste Group 
 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
 
UBS Investment Bank 
 
UniCredit 
 
 
 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 13 September 2024

--- Page 4 ---
98042995.13 
iv 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................. 5 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................. 10 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 15 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS .................................................................................................. 55 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 56 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ..................................................... 58 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................... 62 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 63 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 65 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT.................................................................................................. 84 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................... 102 
GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK ............................................................................................................. 159 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 161 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER AND OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP'S 
FINANCIAL CONDITION ..................................................................................................................... 162 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ........................................................................................................... 172 
RISK MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................................... 207 
MARKET AND LEGAL ENVIRONMENT ........................................................................................... 210 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE BANK ....................................................................................... 219 
MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY CORPORATE AUTHORITIES ............................................ 226 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 241 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 251 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 256

--- Page 5 ---
98042995.13 
- 5 - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and "UK Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer confirms that any information which has been extracted from an external source has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents deemed to be incorporated in it by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes: (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (ii) should be considered as 
a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to its date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the lifetime of 
the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention. 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment 
of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (as defined herein) and neither any Dealer nor the Issuer makes any 
representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels. None of the Dealers is 
responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of 
such use of proceeds. In addition none of the Dealers have conducted any due diligence on the Green Bond 
Framework (as defined herein). Sustainalytics B.V. has issued an independent opinion, dated 2 September 
2024, on the Green Bond Framework (the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion provides 
an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, 
market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement 
of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given by any Dealer as to the suitability

--- Page 6 ---
98042995.13 
- 6 - 
 
 
or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any third party made 
available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime 
or oversight. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, nor should be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by any Dealer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and 
is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the 
Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second 
Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information 
contained therein. The Green Bond Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be 
amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent 
version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Green Bond Framework, the 
Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated 
by reference in, this Base Prospectus. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or 
admitted to trading, on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment 
of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by any Dealer that such 
listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
As a result of the implementation of the BRRD (as defined herein) into Polish law or the law of any other 
relevant jurisdiction, Noteholders may be subject to write-down or conversion into instruments eligible for 
the Issuer's own funds on any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption, which 
may result in such Noteholders losing some or all of their investment. 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 
ISDA Definitions (each as defined herein). 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than the price 
that might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules. 
IMPORTANT- PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect 
of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect 
of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who

--- Page 7 ---
98042995.13 
- 7 - 
 
 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect 
of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance", which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect 
of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance", which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK distributor 
subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001  
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect 
of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification", 
which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"). 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise specified before an offer 
of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) 
of the SFA), that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 8 ---
98042995.13 
- 8 - 
 
 
REFERENCES TO LEGISLATION 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to any legislation (whether primary legislation or other subsidiary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation as the 
same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, superseded or re-enacted. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically 
indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes), no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers that is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose 
is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the UK, France, Singapore and Switzerland 
(see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets and of any financial variable that which might have a negative impact on the return on the 
Notes; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 9 ---
98042995.13 
- 9 - 
 
 
A potential investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the 
other matters referred to above. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed thereto in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") or any other 
section of this Base Prospectus. References herein to the Conditions are to those Conditions, or a 
correspondingly numbered provision hereof. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended. 
• 
"Italy" refer to the Republic of Italy; 
• 
"PLN" and "złoty" refer to the lawful currency of the Republic of Poland; 
• 
"Poland" refer to the Republic of Poland; 
• 
"Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling; 
• 
"Swiss Franc" and "CHF" refer to the lawful currency of Switzerland; 
• 
"United States" refer to the United States of America; and 
• 
"USD" and "U.S. dollars" refer to United States dollars. 
On 12 September 2024, the National Bank of Poland (the "NBP") exchange rate between the euro and złoty 
was EUR 1 – PLN 4.2986, the exchange rate between U.S. dollars and złoty was USD 1 – PLN 3.9025 and 
the exchange rate between the Swiss Franc and złoty was CHF 1 – PLN 4.5674 PLN  (Source: 
https://nbp.pl/en/archiwum-kursow/table-no-178-a-nbp-2024-of-2024-09-12/). 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 10 ---
98042995.13 
10 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, and must be read as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus 
as a whole, including any supplement hereto and the documents incorporated by reference herein. The 
following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified by, the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). Words and 
expressions defined in the Conditions or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this 
section, unless otherwise stated. Prospective investors should consider, among other things, the following. 
Issuer: 
mBank S.A. 
 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
LEI: 
259400DZXF7UJKK2AY35 
 
Programme: 
 
The Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, from time to time issue Notes 
denominated in any currency as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. The aggregate nominal amount, any interest 
rate or interest calculation, the issue price and any other terms and 
conditions contained herein with respect to each Series of Notes will 
be determined at the time of issuance and set forth in the applicable 
Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes). 
 
Arranger: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Erste Group Bank AG 
 
HSBC Continental Europe  
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
UBS Europe SE 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
 
Certain restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale"), including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
No Notes having a maturity of 
less than one year:  
 
No Notes having a maturity of less than one year will be issued under 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 11 ---
98042995.13 
11 
 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed 
between the Issuer and the Dealers, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be either Senior Notes (in which case they will be 
Ordinary Senior Notes, MREL Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) or Subordinated Notes (in which case they will be Senior 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) as more fully 
described in Condition 2 (Status of the Notes). 
 
Maturities: 
A maturity of at least one year or such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
 
Form of the Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in "Form of the 
Notes". 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and, on redemption, will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes))) or the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as 
defined therein) (and any successor thereto), as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), each as published 
by ISDA (or any successor) on its websites (www.isda.org), 
on the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such 
Series; or 
 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate such as EURIBOR, 
PRIBOR, WIBOR, SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, 
SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index, in each case as set out 
in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be

--- Page 12 ---
98042995.13 
12 
 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Reset Notes:  
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the 
initial fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes). 
Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more 
date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms by reference to the 
aggregate of a mid-market swap rate or government security for the 
relevant Specified Currency, and for a period equal to the reset 
period, and any applicable margin, in each case as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement 
in the case of Exempt Notes). Such interest will be payable in arrear 
on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or determined pursuant to the Conditions. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with 
Exempt Notes. 
 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Conditions in which event 
the relevant provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
Benchmark discontinuation:  
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or Benchmark Transition 
Event the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions and following 
consultation with an Independent Adviser) determine a Benchmark 
Replacement and an Adjustment Spread, if any, and any amendments 
in line with the Conditions. 
 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) will indicate either that: the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons, in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes, or 
following an Event of Default or, in the case of MREL Senior Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes, upon the 
occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, or, in the case of 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event), or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer (as more fully described in Condition 7.6 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) and Condition 
7.7 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-up Call Option)) 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
 
The terms of any such redemption, including notice periods, any 
relevant conditions to be satisfied and the relevant redemption dates 
and prices will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 13 ---
98042995.13 
13 
 
Any early redemption of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or MREL Senior Notes will be subject to the prior consent of 
the Competent Authority to the extent required, in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
 
Negative pledge:  
The terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes will contain a negative 
pledge provision as further described in Condition 3 (Negative 
Pledge). 
 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
 
Approval, listing and 
admission to trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as 
a base prospectus. Application has also been made for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or additional stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
 
Selling restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA, the UK, France, Singapore and 
Switzerland and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
 
United States selling 
restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
 
Target market:  
Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), 
Eligible Counterparties and Professional Clients only as defined in 
MiFID II and/or UK MiFIR; (all distribution channels). 
 
Regulatory matters:  
Each issue of Notes in respect of which particular laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time, 
see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 14 ---
98042995.13 
14 
 
Use of proceeds:  
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer for: (i) its general corporate purposes, which include making 
a profit; or (ii) any other purpose stated in the applicable Final Terms 
(or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
such as, without limitation, the refinancing or financing, in whole or 
in part, of eligible projects (as defined in the Green Bond 
Framework). If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified 
use of proceeds, such use will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes). 
 
Governing law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, except for Condition 2 
(Status of the Notes), Condition 4 (Waiver of Set off), Condition 20 
(Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers) and 
Condition 21 (Recognition of Stay Powers) which will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Polish law.

--- Page 15 ---
98042995.13 
15 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is 
not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer 
may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material 
may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has 
identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its businesses 
and ability to make payments due under the Notes. In addition, the Issuer has described certain general 
risks applicable to an investment in Poland and to the Polish banking industry which are associated with 
an investment in the Notes. Words and expressions defined in the Conditions or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings as given to them in this section. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER AND ITS GROUP 
1. Risks related to the business and industry of the Issuer and its Group 
The Group is exposed to the legal risks related to loans denominated in or indexed to CHF. 
The legal risk associated with the Issuer's portfolio of foreign currency-denominated or foreign currency 
indexed loans ("FX loans"), predominantly retail mortgage loans indexed to CHF ("FX mortgage loans") 
has increased over the past few years. In most proceedings, the mortgage servicing provisions were deemed 
to be "abusive" clauses and therefore such findings have resulted in these provisions not being binding on 
or enforceable against the borrowers. Since the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union 
(the "CJEU") on 3 October 2019 confirming that a court's declaration of the invalidity of a loan agreement 
following the exclusion of any "abusive" conversion provisions in such loan agreement would be binding 
on the parties thereto, the number of court actions brought by borrowers against Polish banks has increased 
significantly. The uncertainty in relation to the number of new court cases in relation to the Issuer's portfolio 
of FX mortgage loans and the potential liability which the Issuer may incur as a result, as well as the 
acceptance levels and the terms and conditions of voluntary settlements offered to borrowers by the Issuer, 
have and may have in the future an adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects of the Issuer. 
In the fourth quarter of 2022, following completion of a pilot phase, the Issuer launched a settlement 
programme for borrowers who have active CHF indexed loans, including borrowers currently in court 
dispute with the Issuer. The settlement proposal is to convert the loan from CHF to PLN as if the loan had 
originally been taken out and repaid in PLN, whilst simultaneously writing off part of the outstanding debt. 
The level of write-off is subject to individual negotiations with borrowers. Once the loan is converted to 
PLN, the client can decide which interest rate they choose: periodically fixed or variable. The Issuer applies 
a preferential interest rate to the loan after conversion for clients who conclude a settlement. As of 30 June 
2024, the Issuer concluded 17,016 settlements. 
On 29 April 2021, the CJEU issued a judgment in case C-19/20. According to this judgment, among other 
things, if the unfair ("abusive") nature of the contractual provision leads to annulment of the contract, it is 
for the national court to inform the consumer, in the context of the national procedural rules, of the legal 
consequences of the annulment of such a contract. 
On 15 June 2023, the CJEU issued a verdict in case C-520/21 ("CJEU June 2023 Judgment"), according 
to which: 
(a) 
a consumer is entitled to demand compensation from a credit institution in addition to the 
reimbursement of monthly instalments and costs paid for the execution of the relevant contract, as 
well as the payment of statutory default interest from the date of the demand for payment, provided 
that the objectives of Directive 93/13/EEC on unfair terms in consumer contracts (the "Directive 
93/13") and the principle of proportionality are respected; and 
(b) 
a bank is not entitled to demand compensation from a consumer in addition to the return of the 
principal paid for the performance of the relevant contract together with the payment of statutory 
default interest from the date of the demand for payment.

--- Page 16 ---
98042995.13 
16 
 
The CJEU June 2023 Judgment ruled out the possibility for banks to claim compensation for the use of 
capital. The judgment established certain principles that Polish courts should follow when resolving 
disputes of a nature similar to the dispute which was the basis for the CJEU June 2023 Judgment.  
On 11 December 2023, the CJEU issued an order in case C-756/22 and re-iterated the verdict in C-520/21. 
In the order issued on 15 January 2024 in case C-488/23, the CJEU stated that valorisation (i.e. a judicial 
adjustment to the value of the principal paid to account for inflation) is a form of recompense, thus the 
banks are not entitled to claim it. 
In addition, there has been significant uncertainty in relation to the application of limitation periods in 
respect of claims which may be made by borrowers for repayment of interest payments paid by them in 
relation to FX mortgage loans and claims for additional compensation. 
Two judgements of the CJEU were issued in December 2023 which considered limitation periods. In the 
judgment issued on 7 December 2023 in case C-140/22, the CJEU stated that in the event of invalidity of 
the contract, the exercise of the consumer's rights arising from this invalidity cannot depend on a declaration 
made by a consumer during the court proceedings that the consumer does not consent to the unfair term 
being maintained, is aware of the consequences of the invalidity of the contract and consents to the 
invalidity of the contract. Such a declaration may be made outside of the court and does not have to be so 
precise. The CJEU did not directly answer the preliminary question concerning the beginning of the 
limitation period for the bank's restitutionary claims against the consumer. 
The CJEU judgment of 14 December 2023 in case C-28/22 states that it is unacceptable that the limitation 
period for a business entity's claims starts to run only from the day on which the contract became 
permanently ineffective, whereas the limitation period for a consumer's claims starts to run from the 
moment the consumer knew or ought to have known of the unfair nature of the contract term rendering the 
contract void. The CJEU did not directly rule from when the statute of limitations for a bank's claims against 
a consumer should be counted, however, it indicated that the statute of limitations for such claims cannot 
start only from the date of "permanent ineffectiveness of the agreement", which the CJEU judgment equated 
with the date when the judgment declaring the loan agreement invalid became final. 
In the case C-424/22 of 8 May 2024, the CJEU stated that if a loan agreement is annulled on the ground 
that it contains unfair terms and the bank is therefore obliged to make compensation payments to a consumer, 
the bank is not entitled to apply the right of retention. On 19 June 2024, also the Polish Supreme Court 
issued a resolution in the case III CZP 31/23, confirming the conclusions presented by the CJEU. This 
means that the bank is not allowed to withhold such payment until the consumer has repaid all sums that 
he or she had received from the bank under the loan agreement. 
On 25 April 2024, the full Civil Chamber of the Polish Supreme Court issued a resolution in Case III CZP 
25/22, with the aim of resolving important legal issues causing significant discrepancies in domestic case 
law on the basis of disputes concerning FX mortgage loans. The conclusions of the resolution are as follows: 
(a) 
the possibility of replacing abusive provisions with civil law or rules of general application is 
excluded; 
(b) 
the possibility of maintaining the indexed/denominated loan as a loan in PLN at the interest rate 
applicable to the indexed/denominated loan is excluded; 
(c) 
the theory of two claims in the case of invalidity of a CHF loan is confirmed (i.e. a theory that each 
party to the relevant contract has its own claim for the return of amounts provided); 
(d) 
the start of the limitation period for a bank's claim for repayment of amounts paid out on account 
of a loan commences on the day following the day on which the borrower contests the terms of the 
agreement with the bank; and 
(e) 
remuneration for the use of the capital is not due to either party to the loan agreement. 
Given the propensity of the national courts to follow the Polish Supreme Court's case law, the Issuer took 
the ruling into account in its provisioning model, considering various possible outcomes. The Issuer 
monitors court rulings on indexed loans with a view to the development of the case law following the Polish

--- Page 17 ---
98042995.13 
17 
 
Supreme Court's resolution, potential legislative initiatives that may also affect the provisioning model, as 
well as the further course of the discussion as to the interpretation of the Polish Supreme Court's resolution. 
The Issuer discontinued offering mortgage loans in CHF in August 2011. The volume of the portfolio of 
loans indexed to CHF granted to individual customers in Poland (i.e., the sum of loan tranches disbursed 
to customers), taking into account the exchange rate on the date of disbursement of individual loan tranches, 
amounted to PLN 19.5 billion (across 85.5 thousand loan agreements). The volume of the portfolio of loans 
indexed to other foreign currencies granted to individual customers in Poland, taking into account the 
exchange rate on the date of disbursement of individual loan tranches, amounted to PLN 4.1 billion (across 
13.4 thousand loan agreements). 
As of 30 June 2024, the carrying amount of mortgage and housing loans in CHF granted by the Issuer to 
individual customers amounted to PLN 1.0 billion (i.e. CHF 0.2 billion) compared to PLN 1.9 billion (i.e. 
CHF 0.4 billion) as of 31 December 2023. The carrying amount of mortgage and housing loans granted to 
individual clients in other foreign currencies by the Issuer in Poland as of 30 June 2024 amounted to PLN 
1.4 billion compared to PLN 1.5 billion at the end of 2023. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Issuer was a party to individual lawsuits and class actions in connection with 21,621 
loan agreements indexed to CHF, of which 17,338 related to active loan agreements and 4,283 related to 
repaid loan agreements (as of 31 December 2023: 21,411 loan agreements, of which 17,852 related to active 
loan agreements and 3,559 related to repaid loans). Additionally, as of 30 June 2024, the Issuer was a party 
to individual lawsuits in connection with 595 loan agreements indexed to other foreign currencies, of which 
481 concerned active loan agreements and 114 concerned repaid loans (as of 31 December 2023: 370, of 
which 297 concerned active loan agreements and 73 concerned repaid loans). As of 30 June 2024, the Issuer 
has received final rulings in individual lawsuits concerning 5,827 loan agreements indexed to CHF (31 
December 2023: 4,487 loans). 98.1 per cent. of rulings received were unfavourable to the Issuer. 
Additionally, as of 30 June 2024, the Issuer received final rulings in individual lawsuits concerning 49 loan 
agreements indexed to other foreign currencies (89.8 per cent were unfavourable to the Issuer). 
The total costs of legal risk related to foreign currency loans recognised by the Issuer in its income statement 
for the first half of 2024 ended 30 June 2024 amounted to PLN 2,404.0 million (compared to PLN 2,348.7 
million in the first half of 2023 ended 30 June 2023). These costs were mainly driven by the update of the 
Issuer's model parameters for future expected costs of execution of court judgments, in particular the update 
by the Issuer of estimates of statutory interest costs in relation to the pending court cases. 
As of 30 June 2024, the cumulative negative impact of legal risk associated with litigation related to 
indexation clauses in mortgage and housing loans in foreign currencies and the costs of voluntary 
settlements offered to borrowers to date amounted to PLN 8,403.2 million (as of 31 December 2023: PLN 
8,258.1 million). The cumulative impact includes both (i) the negative impact of legal risk relating to 
lawsuits and the Issuer's settlement programme for active loans in foreign currencies which are recognised 
as a reduction of the gross carrying amount of loans in the amount of PLN 5,428.9 million (as of 31 
December 2023: PLN 6,334.5 million) and (ii) the negative impact of legal risk concerning lawsuits related 
to repaid loans and low value active loans which are recorded as provisions for legal proceedings in the 
amount of PLN 2.974.3 million (as of 31 December 2023: PLN 1,811.5 million). 
As of 30 June 2024, the ratio of total provisions concerning  mortgages and housing loans in CHF (including 
reduction of gross carrying amount for the outstanding loan portfolio and provision for repaid loans) to 
carrying amount of CHF loans was 130 per cent. 
The methodology for calculation of the provision for losses of individual lawsuits applied by the Issuer 
depends on numerous assumptions that take into account historical data adjusted in accordance with the 
Issuer's expectations of the future and as such involve a substantial degree of judgment. The most important 
assumptions include: an expected population of borrowers who will file a lawsuit against the Issuer, the 
distribution of expected verdicts judged by the courts and the resulting loss to the Issuer, and the level of 
acceptance and the terms and conditions of settlements offered to borrowers. 
Certain risks are related to the limitation period for the Issuer's claims for the return of principal. 
In accordance with the resolution of the Full Court of the Civil Chamber of the Polish Supreme Court dated 
25 April 2024, the limitation period begins from the day following the date of receipt by the bank of the

--- Page 18 ---
98042995.13 
18 
 
first letter from the borrower challenging the provision of the contract. In the Issuer's opinion, this 
interpretation in some cases may result in the Issuer’s counterclaims for reimbursement of principal to be 
time-barred. The Issuer estimates the probabilities that its counterclaim is time-barred individually for these 
contracts, with probabilities ranging from 5 per cent. to 50 per cent., assuming that the Issuer's claims would 
be considered time-barred, despite the fact that the counterclaims for principal were filed by the Issuer 
before the expiration of 3 years from the date of the borrower's lawsuit. 
If the Issuer's assumptions do not prove to be correct, this could significantly increase the cost of legal risk. 
The case law on limitation is not yet uniform. It cannot be ruled out that Polish courts will ask the CJEU 
for a preliminary ruling regarding the further clarification of the limitation period for the bank's claims. 
For more details on the methodology, the impact of the legal risk related to court cases concerning 
indexation clauses in contracts for mortgage and housing loans in foreign currencies and the voluntary 
settlement programme see "Description of the Group - FX Mortgage Loans segment - Non-core business" 
and the note 31 "Legal risk related to mortgage and housing loans granted to individual customers in CHF" 
to the H1 2024 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (as defined in "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference"), which are incorporated by reference. It is possible that the expected impact of such legal risk 
will have to be adjusted in the future, which may result in an increase in total costs of legal risk for the 
Issuer. 
Further negative developments regarding the legal risk of FX mortgage loans could require the Issuer to 
increase the level of provisions for such risk. In the Issuer's view, if these events materialise, they would 
reduce the ability of the Group to generate capital organically and adversely affect the results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects of the Group. 
The Group is exposed to the risk of depreciation of PLN against foreign currencies in connection with 
the Group granting, financing and securing FX loans. 
The vast majority of retail customers who have FX mortgage loans earn their income in PLN. These 
customers are usually not protected against the fluctuations of the exchange rates of PLN against the 
currency of the loan. Consequently, any depreciation of PLN against a foreign currency in which an FX 
loan is denominated or to which is indexed, which is not sufficiently compensated by a decrease in the 
relevant interest reference rate, will result in an increase of the PLN value of repayments of principal and 
payments of interest by the Issuer's customers and in an increase of credit risk of such customers. 
A significant and prolonged depreciation of PLN, which results in an increase of the PLN value of 
repayments of principal and payments of interest by the Issuer's customers, may result in the Issuer's 
customers experiencing difficulties in repaying their loans, which in turn may lead to a decrease in the 
quality of the Group's loan portfolio and an increase in impairment allowances on loans and advances, all 
of which may adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. If 
the increase in the probability of default (the "PD") or the loss given default (the "LGD", i.e. the percentage 
of exposure lost in case of default) of the Group's loans and advances significantly exceeds the rate or ratio 
(as applicable) that were assumed in setting interest rates for these loans, then the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
The Issuer's portfolio of FX loans is funded both through balance sheet financing and derivative 
transactions. The typical maturities of both the balance sheet instruments and derivative contracts are 
shorter than the maturities of the underlying FX loans. As a result, the Issuer is required to renew such 
contracts when they mature. The Issuer is therefore exposed to roll-over risk as well as price risk when the 
instruments mature. Further, since the derivatives instruments are subject to mark-to-market, the Issuer is 
also exposed to the market price fluctuations. Consequently, significant volatility in the prices of such 
derivative contracts as well as in costs of balance sheet financing may adversely affect the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
A material depreciation of PLN may also cause the value of the collateral securing the Issuer's portfolio of 
the FX mortgage loans to fall below the outstanding value of such loans, which may in turn increase the 
LGD ratio applicable to the Issuer's foreign currency portfolio.  
Any occurrence of any of these factors may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations.

--- Page 19 ---
98042995.13 
19 
 
Risks related to a possible future outbreak of a pandemic. 
On 11 March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic. The COVID-
19 pandemic negatively impacted the Group, the Group's counterparties and clients. For example, the Group 
offered its clients a number of assistance tools aimed at supporting them in difficult situations as a result of 
the pandemic, which in turn negatively impacted the Group. Although in May 2023 the World Health 
Organization declared an end of COVID-19 as a public health emergency, certain adverse consequences of 
the COVID-19 pandemic continued to impact the macroeconomic environment in 2023, supply chains and 
the financial situation of some companies. 
If new COVID-19 waves, the emergence of variants or strains resistant to existing or new vaccines, or any 
other highly contagious diseases or other public health emergencies force countries to re-adopt measures 
that restrict economic activity, the macroeconomic environment could deteriorate and adversely impact the 
business and results of operations of the Group, which could include, but is not limited to (i) a decreased 
demand for its products and services, (ii) material impairment of its loans and other assets, (iii) a decline in 
the value of collateral, (iv) constraints on the Issuer's liquidity due to market conditions, (v) volatility in 
exchange rates, (vi) customer withdrawals of deposits and continued draws on lines of credit, and (vii) 
downgrades of the Issuer's credit ratings.  
Any other future pandemic may negatively affect global financial markets, which in turn may limit funding 
opportunities. Difficulties in this respect could have a negative impact on the availability and cost of 
financing for the Group. In addition, the emergence of any other future pandemic, may result in new support 
solutions being imposed on the Group by the regulators which in turn may generate additional costs. 
A downgrade of credit ratings of the Issuer or its subsidiaries could negatively affect the refinancing 
conditions for the Group, in particular its access to debt capital markets. 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain funding. A downgrade 
of credit ratings of the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries may lead to a restriction of access to funds and 
consequently to increase the costs associated with interbank and capital market transactions and could 
adversely affect the Group's liquidity and competitive position, undermine confidence in the Group and 
adversely affect its interest margins and financial results. Additionally, it may have a negative impact on 
the Issuer's ability to issue eligible instruments in order to meet the Minimum Requirement for Eligible 
Liabilities and Own Funds (the "MREL") requirement set by the Bank Guarantee Fund (Bankowy Fundusz 
Gwarancyjny, the ''BGF''). 
In addition, under the terms of certain derivative contracts and financing instruments, a reduction in the 
credit rating of the Issuer may lead to the need for the posting of additional collateral, termination of 
contracts, and/or the repayment of financing. 
Pressure on the Issuer's credit ratings may arise; for example, in the event of significantly weaker capital 
generation driven by poorer financial performance or negative valuation of treasury securities measured at 
fair value through other comprehensive income, a material deterioration of asset quality, substantial 
provisions created for legal risks relating to CHF mortgage loans, deterioration in the operating 
environment for banks in Poland, a downgrade of the sovereign rating or the credit rating of the Issuer's 
parent company, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft ("Commerzbank"). 
A downgrade of credit ratings of the Issuer or its subsidiaries could result in increased costs associated with 
the Group's capital markets transactions and could adversely affect the Issuer's liquidity and it competitive 
position. 
The Group faces liquidity risk. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group may be unable to meet current and future (including contingent) 
payment obligations as they become due. Liquidity risk may result from internal factors (for example, the 
impact of negative publicity and/or reputational damage, resulting, for instance, in excessive withdrawal of 
cash by the Issuer's clients or the materialisation of credit risk) and external factors (turbulence and crises 
in the financial markets, country risk or disruption in the operation of clearing systems). 
The Group becomes exposed to liquidity risk when the maturities of its assets and liabilities do not coincide. 
In particular, the Group may be exposed to increased liquidity risk as a result of its holdings of real estate

--- Page 20 ---
98042995.13 
20 
 
mortgage loans, which are long-term assets. Although generally holdings of real estate mortgage loans are 
covered by long and mid-term funding, they are partially financed by short-term and on-demand deposits. 
Maturity mismatches between the Group's assets and liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, and results of operations if the Group is unable to obtain new deposits 
or find alternative sources of funding for existing and future loan and advances portfolios. 
In terms of current and short-term liquidity risk, if a substantial portion of the Issuer's clients withdraw their 
demand deposits or do not roll over their term deposits upon maturity, as would be the case with many 
other banks, the Issuer's liquidity position may be adversely affected. Current liquidity may also be affected 
by unfavourable financial market conditions. If assets held by the Issuer in order to provide liquidity become 
illiquid due to unforeseen financial market events or their value drops substantially, the Issuer might not be 
able to meet its obligations as they become due and therefore might be forced to resort to interbank funding, 
which, in the event of an unstable market situation, may become excessively expensive and uncertain. In 
addition, the Issuer's ability to use such external funding sources is directly connected with the level of 
credit lines available to the Issuer, and this in turn is dependent on the Issuer's financial and credit condition, 
as well as general market liquidity. 
One of the Issuer's sources of risk for off-balance sheet liabilities is clients' behaviour and unexpected 
drawdowns of granted lines and utilisation of intraday and overdraft lines by custody and corporate clients. 
This risk may be material to the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations where such 
clients have a high concentration of commitments. In respect of derivative transactions concluded under 
framework agreements or settled through a central clearing counterparty, liquidity risk can materialise as a 
result of adverse or severe changes in global market conditions resulting in a sudden decrease in the 
valuation of derivative instruments and requirements to provide additional collateral. 
The Issuer's ongoing analysis covers liquidity under normal and stressed conditions which may result in 
potential liquidity loss. In order to support the process of liquidity risk management, a system of early 
warnings indicators and recovery indicators was developed in the Issuer. Despite the above-mentioned 
procedures, there remains a risk that events may occur which lead to a decrease in liquid assets which in 
turn could result in the Issuer being unable to meet its commitments when they become due. Such events 
may be sudden, unpredictable and, at the same time, affect the entire banking sector in Poland, Europe or 
worldwide. 
A potential loss of liquidity or an inability to raise sufficient funds to finance the Group’s business, in 
particular its lending operations, may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results 
of operations of the Group. 
The Group faces risks relating to the free loan sanction. 
The Consumer Credit Act introduced a special type of penalty imposed on the lender in the form of a "free 
loan" sanction. This sanction is imposed on a lender if the consumer credit agreement has been prepared 
incorrectly. It applies to consumer credit agreements up to PLN 255,550 or the equivalent in a currency 
other than the PLN. 
In essence, if a lender fails to meet specific informational obligations when concluding a contract, the 
consumer has the right to return only the principal without interest and other costs specified in the contract 
("free credit"). Every consumer credit agreement must contain specifically defined elements, primarily for 
informational purposes. These elements are listed in Article 30 of the Consumer Credit Act. The absence 
of these defined elements or their incorrect definition in a consumer credit agreement will result in the 
transformation of the credit into free credit. Even a single discrepancy, such as an incorrect indication of 
the total cost of credit or the actual annual interest rate in the credit agreement, will result in transformation 
into free credit. 
Certain borrowers under consumer loans or professional entities which acquired claims under the loans 
from the original borrowers attempt to challenge the loans in courts by claiming that they did not meet the 
criteria defined in the Consumer Credit Act. So far, the court rulings concerning the free loan sanction have 
been relatively favorable to banks, although the number of court cases is growing. As a result, the Polish 
courts have raised questions to the CJEU in connection with the free loan sanction and while no rullings 
have been issued by the CJEU yet, they are expected to set the direction for resolving these disputes by the 
Polish courts.

--- Page 21 ---
98042995.13 
21 
 
The Issuer believes that it complies with the provisions of the Consumer Credit Act and properly fulfills all 
obligations towards consumers. Consequently, any disputes in this regard are resolved through court 
proceedings. As of 30 June 2024, more than 300 court proceedings were pending against the Issuer in 
connection with the free loan sanction.  
At the end of June 2024, out of 28 final judgements, 27 were favorable for the Issuer. In addition, out of 55 
judgements issued by the court of the first instance, 40 judgements were favorable for the Issuer. 
If there are any unfavorable changes in the jurisprudence concerning the free loan sanction, such changes 
would result in an increase in the legal risk costs of the Group and could have an adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
The Group faces legal risk related to potential claims arising in respect of WIBOR-based loan 
agreements. 
The increase in interest rates in Poland since October 2021 had a direct impact on the level of instalments 
paid on PLN mortgage loans, as the reference rate for the calculation of instalment amounts on PLN 
mortgage loans is primarily based on WIBOR. As a result, borrowers dissatisfied with rising instalments 
have started to seek grounds for invalidating their WIBOR-based loan agreements. In theses lawsuits, 
borrowers argue that the provisions in the loan agreements relating to the WIBOR rate did not adequately 
inform them of the risk of interest rate changes and question whether banks were correctly using WIBOR 
as the benchmark for calculating interest rates on residential mortgage loans. The main argument made by 
borrowers is that WIBOR index is not representative or reflective of interest rates used in the interbank 
deposit market, which it should reflect. 
The Issuer does not consider such allegations to be justified. WIBOR is a solid and reliable benchmark as 
it is determined by a licensed administrator, GPW Benchmark and it has been fully adapted to the 
requirements of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. According to the Financial Stability Committee, denying the 
correctness of the determination of the WIBOR index has no legal or economic basis and the attempts to 
challenge it constitute a systemic threat. Other public institutions, including the KNF and NBP, presented 
a very firm stance about the determination and use of WIBOR. However, in April 2024, the Financial 
Ombudsman published an important opinion regarding the variable interest rate clause in loan agreements, 
which may be helpful to borrowers in disputes with banks. The Financial Ombudsman found that the 
interest rate clauses contained in a contract referring to WIBOR may be assessed against the conditions for 
recognising them as prohibited contractual provisions within the meaning of Art. 385 (1) of the Civil Code. 
The objections do not concern the benchmark and the method of its calculation, but the scope of information 
provided to customers. The fact that a file of documents informing the borrower of the risk of interest rate 
changes is submitted to the borrower for signature does not mean that the bank has fulfilled its information 
obligation. 
In July 2024, one of Polish courts submitted preliminary questions concerning claims arising in respect of 
WIBOR-based loan agreements to the CJEU. The court asked, among other things, whether contractual 
provisions regarding variable interest rates referencing WIBOR can be examined for abusiveness, what 
information obligations the bank had to fulfill and whether the contract can be continued without WIBOR. 
The CJEU ruling will set the direction for resolving disputes regarding WIBOR by the courts in Poland. 
On 30 July 2024, the Polish Bank Association reported that there were approximately 1,100 cases pending 
in Polish courts concerning the WIBOR rate. There were 24 final judgments, all positive for banks. 
As of the end of June 2024, the Issuer registered over 100 lawsuits concerning questioning of interest rates 
on loans based on WIBOR. All judgments, including one judgment in the second instance, were favorable 
to the Issuer.  
However, uncertainty as to the outcome of jurisprudence in this area and whether borrowers' claims would 
be upheld still exists. In the event of unfavorable jurisprudence for banks in Poland, including the Issuer, 
an inflow of lawsuits from PLN mortgage borrowers may arise, as was seen in respect of FX mortgage 
loans (see "The Group is exposed to the legal risks related to loans denominated in or indexed to CHF." 
above). This, in turn, could increase the Issuer's costs of legal risk and could have a negative effect on the 
Group's operations, financial condition and results.

--- Page 22 ---
98042995.13 
22 
 
The Group may not be able to maintain the quality of its loan, investment or trading book portfolios. 
The quality of the assets in the Group's loan portfolio is affected by changes in the creditworthiness of its 
customers, their ability to repay their loans on time, the Group's ability to enforce its security interests on 
customers' collateral should such customers fail to repay their loans, and whether the value of such collateral 
is sufficient to cover the full amounts of those loans. 
The quality of the Group's loan and investment portfolio may deteriorate due to various other reasons, 
including internal factors (such as failure of risk management procedures in the changing operating 
environment) and factors beyond the Group's control (such as any negative developments in Poland's, the 
European and/or the global economy resulting in the financial distress or bankruptcy of the Group's 
customers, or restriction of credit information concerning certain customers). 
The quality of the Group's loan portfolio can also be influenced by counterparty risk arising from the 
potential inability of the Group's counterparties, including corporate customers, banks and other financial 
institutions, to fulfil their obligations under transactions and financial instruments entered into with the 
Issuer due to a number of factors, including, in particular, bankruptcies, lack of market or individual 
customer liquidity, economic downturns, adverse financial and market movements (e.g., in interest rates or 
foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and the implied volatility of foreign exchange options), 
operational failures and increased economic and political uncertainty.  
There is a risk that the quality of the Group's loan portfolio may deteriorate as a result of the impact of the 
Russia-Ukraine war on some of the Group's customers, disruptions in supply chains and increases in the 
prices of gas, coal and other raw materials. Moreover, the combined pressure of potential economic 
slowdown, continuing high inflation and elevated interest rates may impact the ability of the Group's 
customers to repay their debt. 
The quality of the Group's debt securities portfolio is substantially dependent upon the ability of the issuers 
of the securities to make payments on the securities when due. The ability of the issuers to make such 
payments may be affected by changes in their financial standing, including liquidity issues, as well as by 
the potential global financial crisis, liquidity concerns, increased credit risk and other macroeconomic 
factors. 
A deterioration in asset quality leading to an increase in expected losses could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Material increases in the Group's impairment allowances for expected credit losses may have an adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In connection with its credit operations, the Group regularly writes down assets and records impairment 
allowances for expected credit losses in the profit and loss account of the Group. 
The Issuer's determination of an appropriate amount of impairment allowances for expected credit losses is 
subject to the evaluation of credit risk and may be affected by numerous factors, including depreciation of 
the PLN against foreign currencies and uncertainties relating to the current macroeconomic environment, 
in particular the unemployment rate, gross domestic product ("GDP") growth, inflation, the level of interest 
rates and the impact of extraordinary events, such as the Russia-Ukraine war. 
In addition, the Group's credit risk management policies, which are aimed at limiting losses on its loan 
portfolio and minimising the risk of impaired exposures while maintaining the expected profitability level, 
may prove ineffective. The Group employs qualitative tools and metrics for managing risk that are based 
on observed historical market behaviors. Taking into account the variety of lending activities the Group is 
involved in, the Group's policies, procedures and methods relating to credit risk assessment, the creation of 
impairment losses on loans and advances, risk control and monitoring of the credit process and debt 
collection processes in a market characterised by increased volatility may not achieve the intended goals. 
In such cases, it would have an adverse impact on the financial results of the Group. 
The Group could also be required to increase its expected credit losses on loans and advances in the future 
as a result of increases in non-performing assets or for other reasons.  
Any material increases in the Group's expected credit losses on loans and advances, any loan losses in 
excess of the previously determined expected credit losses on loans and advances with respect thereto or

--- Page 23 ---
98042995.13 
23 
 
changes in the estimate of the provision for expected losses on loans and advances of the Group could have 
an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The value of the Group's investment and trading portfolios may decrease. 
The Group's portfolio of securities comprises debt and equity securities. The quality of the Group's portfolio 
of securities may be affected by macroeconomic factors, the general business environment and 
developments in the financial markets, and by the creditworthiness and financial position of counterparties 
to the Group's transactions. The quality of debt securities held by the Group is dependent upon the ability 
of issuers of the securities to make payments on the securities when due, which in turn may be affected by 
changes in their financial standing. 
As of 30 June 2024, debt instruments issued by the State Treasury constituted 61.3 per cent. of the Group's 
portfolio of investment securities, which include financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, debt securities measured at amortised cost and non-trading equity and debt 
securities mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss. A decrease in the price of such securities 
may occur as a result of several factors, in particular: (i) an increased supply of such securities by the Polish 
government due to an increased issue of those securities to finance the budget deficit; or (ii) sales of such 
securities by investors in the secondary market; or (iii) increases in domestic interest rates; or (iv) a decrease 
in the credit ratings for Poland's sovereign debt; or (v) increased political risk and a negative perception of 
Poland by investors. Any decrease in the price of such securities could adversely affect the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
A significant part of the Group's debt securities is measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income (i.e. equity). A decline in the fair value of debt instruments measured through other comprehensive 
income has a negative impact on the Group's capital ratios. This was the case following a series of interest 
rate hikes in Poland, initiated in October 2021, which caused valuations of fixed-rate debt securities to fall. 
The Group's portfolio includes negotiable financial instruments whose daily valuations depend on certain 
market parameters (such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates, prices of bonds and stocks, stock indices 
values, futures prices, and implied volatilities of options). As these parameters vary continuously according 
to market forces, valuations of the financial instruments also change accordingly, which may adversely 
impact unrealised results of these portfolios, even though certain components of market risk of those 
portfolios are hedged and trading is carried out within set market risk limits. In addition, market movements 
may also adversely affect realised results of the trading book.  
Any occurrence of any of these factors may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Group has significant exposure to counterparty credit risk in connection with its banking operations. 
The Group is exposed to counterparty risk arising from the potential inability of the Group's counterparties, 
including corporate customers, banks and other financial institutions, to fulfil their obligations under 
transactions and financial instruments entered into with the Group due to a number of factors, including, in 
particular, bankruptcies, a lack of market or individual customer liquidity, economic downturns, adverse 
financial and market movements (e.g., in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates, commodity 
prices, the implied volatility of foreign exchange options, etc.), operational failures and increased economic 
and political uncertainty. A reduction in the ability of the Group's counterparties to fulfil such obligations, 
or a default by, or even concerns about the creditworthiness and financial standing of, one or more of the 
Group's counterparties could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or prospects. 
The Group has substantial assets, associated with foreign exchange derivatives, which include foreign 
exchange swaps, forwards and options conducted with other banking and non-banking clients. Credit 
exposures arising from concluded derivative transactions are managed by the Group as a part of clients’ 
general credit limits, taking into account the potential impact of changes in market parameters on the value 
of such exposures. Existing agreements with counterparties obligate the Issuer to monitor the value of its 
exposure to such client on a daily basis and provide for additional collateral against the exposure to be 
contributed by either the client or the Bank. At the same time, the agreements also contemplate early 
settlement of the derivative transaction with the client in the event the client cannot fulfil certain obligations, 
including the delivery of collateral, under the agreement.

--- Page 24 ---
98042995.13 
24 
 
In the event of significant changes in the PLN exchange rate against certain foreign currencies, some clients 
who purchased foreign exchange derivatives may not be able to provide the required collateral. As a result, 
the Issuer faces counterparty credit risk in situations when sufficient collateral isn't provided. This risk 
would increase in magnitude in the case of depreciation of the PLN against the foreign currencies. A 
permanent or ongoing failure to deliver the required collateral under the agreement could result in the early 
termination of the transaction which could in turn result in a loss for the Issuer depending on market 
conditions at the time the early termination takes place.  
Although the Group actively manages its liquidity requirements and foreign exchange position and hedges 
its exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks, continued foreign exchange rate volatility of the 
PLN against foreign currencies could increase the pressure on the Group's counterparties, and could lead 
to increased defaults of the Group's counterparties and further losses incurred by the Group on its foreign 
exchange derivatives. Such developments could have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Group. 
The Group may not be able to improve or sustain its interest rate margins or commissions on loans. 
Net interest income, which is a key source of the Group's income, is highly sensitive to changes in 
macroeconomic and market conditions. 
The net interest income generated by the Group depends to a large extent on the levels of the Group's 
interest-bearing assets and liabilities and the average interest rates on interest-earning assets and interest-
bearing liabilities. In order to stabilise the interest margin and reduce the sensitivity of interest income and 
economic value, the Group hedges some of the interest-bearing assets and liabilities through interest rate 
swap ("IRS") transactions as part of hedge accounting. 
Various factors could affect the Group's ability to maintain credit and deposit margins as well as fees and 
commissions at current levels. These factors include the evolving regulatory environment, increasing 
competition in the market, changing demand for fixed and floating interest rate loans, possible changes in 
monetary policy conducted by the Monetary Policy Council, the level of inflation, and changes in interest 
rates on interbank markets. 
The Group could suffer decreasing interest rate margins for various reasons, including: 
• 
if market interest rates on floating interest rate loans decline and the Group is unable to offset such 
effect by decreasing the rates payable on deposits or charging fees on deposits; 
• 
if interest rates payable on deposits increase resulting from additional competition among banks or 
other factors beyond the Group's control and the Group is not able to offset such effect by an increase 
in lending margins; or 
• 
if increased competition on the market and economic recovery push credit spreads down. 
 
As market interest rates are linked to reference rates, any changes in reference rates could impact the 
Group's net interest income and interest margins. 
Interest charged on retail loans granted by the Group cannot exceed the maximum interest rate permitted 
by Polish law. Additionally, an amendment to the Consumer Credit Act, which came into force on 11 March 
2016, establishes caps on non-interest charges and default interest chargeable under consumer loans. 
The Group's inability to improve or sustain interest rate margins and commissions on granted loans may 
result in lower net income and could materially adversely affect the business, financial condition and results 
of operations of the Group. 
Furthermore, a high proportion of long-term mortgages in the Group's loan portfolio makes it difficult for 
the Group to adjust its loan margins to market terms. The Group is limited in its ability to change its average 
credit margins through the generation of new mortgage loans reflecting current credit margins in the market 
compared with other financial institutions which have credit portfolios with a larger proportion of short-
term loans. This limited ability to change margins on its loan portfolio may adversely affect the net interest 
margin reported by the Group and have an impact on products offered to customers. 
Moreover, when granting mortgage loans and calculating the applicable interest rates, the Group assumes 
a certain level of prices of residential real property securing such loans. If sale prices of residential real

--- Page 25 ---
98042995.13 
25 
 
property in Poland substantially decline for any reason, the value of the Group's collateral might be 
adversely affected and, in cases of foreclosure, the Group may not be able to recover the entire amount of 
such loans if the borrowers are unable to repay them. In addition, investments in real estate are characterised 
by low liquidity as compared with other types of investments and such liquidity may further deteriorate in 
a period of economic downturn. In the event of a significant collapse or crisis on the real estate market in 
Poland, the effectiveness and efficiency of enforcement proceedings may decrease significantly. 
Prepayment of mortgage loans with a periodically fixed interest rate may affect the return on the Group's 
loan portfolio 
On 30 June 2021, the Issuer expanded its offer of mortgage loans by adding mortgage loans with an initial 
five-year fixed interest rate and allowed its clients with PLN-denominated mortgage loans based on floating 
rates to switch to the product. Since then, the share of mortgage loans with a periodically fixed interest rate 
in the Issuer's PLN mortgage loan portfolio has increased and as of 30 June 2024 exceeded 31 per cent. 
Under Polish consumer protection laws the Group may not be able to charge borrowers with such loans 
prepayment fees if these borrowers decide to repay their loans before their maturity. Additionally, even if 
these loans are prepaid, the Group may still have to make payments to counterparties of the interest rate 
swaps entered into in connection with these mortgage loans. 
If a large number of customers decide to prepay their PLN-denominated mortgage loans, the Group's return 
on its PLN mortgage loan portfolio may be materially affected and in addition, the Group will have to bear 
the costs associated with hedging transactions that the Group entered into in relation to this loan portfolio.  
The occurrence of any of these factors may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Group's fee and commission income may be negatively affected by a decline in business activity in 
the markets in which the Group is present. 
The Group generates fee and commission income primarily from payment cards, lending, foreign currency 
transactions, bank accounts, money transfers, offering insurance products of third parties, cash services, 
agency services regarding the sale of third-party financial entities' products, portfolio management, leasing 
services, business accounts, cash management, financial markets instruments, custodian services, brokerage 
services and debt origination, guarantees and trade finance products with corporate banking customers.  
For the year ended 31 December 2023, fee and commission income of the Group amounted to PLN 3,015.9 
million, a decrease of PLN 10.2 million or 0.3 per cent. compared to the year ended 31 December 2022. In 
the six months ended 30 June 2024, fee and commission income was PLN 1,556.3 million, an increase of 
4.7 per cent. or PLN 70.5 million compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023. 
For more information on the fee and commission income generated by the Group, see "Selected Financial 
Information of the Issuer and Overview of the Groups Financial Condition – Income of the Group". 
A slowdown in business activity in the markets in which the Group is present as a result of the current or 
future economic or regulatory environment could reduce the demand for the Group's products, which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's fee and commission income and consequently on the Group's 
business and financial results. 
The Group is exposed to operational and reputational risk related to the outsourcing of certain services. 
The Group outsources the performance of specific activities on its behalf, including IT services, 
correspondence service, cash support services, cash processing and debt collection, cloud computing, 
personalisation of payment cards, archiving and handling of documentation as well as payment services to 
third parties. Additionally, the Issuer outsources to external service providers the performance of certain 
services related to the sale of retail banking products offered by the Issuer. If any of the third parties on 
which the Issuer relies, fails to perform in accordance with the terms of its agreement with the Issuer, then 
this could result in operational deficiencies or reputational risk for the Group. Furthermore, the Group may 
be exposed to the risk of liability to its customers and reputational loss if such external providers fail to 
duly perform their services or, specifically, if they perform their services in breach of applicable law or 
banking regulations or if they take improper actions which result in an infringement of third-party rights.

--- Page 26 ---
98042995.13 
26 
 
Additionally, failures of the Group's operational risk management system to detect or prevent operational 
problems of third parties which prevent them from performing the activities outsourced to them could affect 
the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
The Group's IT systems may fail or their security may be compromised. 
The Group relies heavily on numerous IT systems for a variety of functions, including processing 
applications, providing information to customers, maintaining financial records and providing crucial 
financial and market data to the Issuer's Management Board. In addition, the Group uses distribution 
channels based on an IT platform comprising online banking, mobile banking and a call center. 
The Group is exposed to third-party attacks on its IT systems which could result in financial or reputational 
loss. The Group utilises a number of IT systems to conduct its operations. Due to the high complexity of 
interactions and interdependencies among the Group's IT systems, there can be no assurance that these 
systems will always properly interact with one another or will always effectively ensure the error-free and 
timely transfer of data within the IT structure of the Issuer and the Group. 
The Group's activities involve the use and continual development of several IT platforms dedicated to the 
various segments of the Group. In particular, the business model of the Issuer's retail segment, which 
involves offering banking services through an online transactional system and mobile applications, is 
significantly dependent on the availability, functionality and security of the Group's IT systems and, as a 
result of its high reliance on online platforms, it is also particularly exposed to third-party attacks via the 
internet, e.g., cyber-attacks. Malfunctions, in particular with respect to the use of and interactions between 
the Group's IT platforms, information leakages, service interruptions or similar events may affect the 
relationship between the Group and its customers. 
The Group works with its clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties to 
develop secure data and information processing, storage and transmission capabilities to prevent 
information security risk. Nevertheless, there is a risk that such measures will not be effective against all 
cyber-attack threats given their changing nature and sophistication. A successful cyber-attack may lead to 
significant loss of customer information, damage to computer systems, loss of the Group's reputation, as 
well as the imposition of regulatory penalties and/or financial losses to the Issuer. Reputational damage 
may result in customer attrition or loss of business opportunities, which in turn impact the Group's revenue 
streams and market perception. 
Additionally, new technologies and technological solutions, such as artificial intelligence ("AI"), are 
continually being utilised by the Group. For example, the Group implemented several solutions based on 
AI, including, among others, Voice and Chat BOT, which automates the customer's service in Contact 
Center, payment assistant, a predictive tool that is able to generate money transfer suggestions for 
customers, mKanon, a natural language system helping to draft customer communications, Processifier, a 
tool used to analyse, visualise and help in optimizing business processes using process mining 
methodology, Helios, the anti-fraud system monitoring money transfers and card and BLIK transactions in 
real time in order to prevent fraudulent operations and customer churn analysis. The main concerns 
associated with AI are data security and privacy, since AI systems require large amounts of data. As AI 
technologies become increasingly sophisticated, the security risks associated with their use and the potential 
for misuse also increase. The regulatory landscape related to AI is rapidly changing, which may affect the 
availability of some solutions. 
The Group routinely manages personal, confidential and proprietary information by electronic means, and 
it may be the target of attempted cyber-attacks or subject to other information security incidents or breaches. 
This risk has increased due to the hybrid working mode within the Group, as when working from home the 
Group's employees have access to the Group's networks through their home networks. 
If the Group cannot maintain effective and secure electronic data and information, management and 
processing systems or if it fails to maintain complete physical and electronic records, this could result in 
disruptions to its operations, claims from customers, regulators, employees and other parties, violations of 
applicable privacy and other laws, regulatory sanctions and serious reputational and financial harm to the 
Group. 
The Group may be exposed to compliance risks related to anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism 
financing, and other financial crime activities.

--- Page 27 ---
98042995.13 
27 
 
The Group is required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering and combating the financing of 
terrorism, anti-bribery and corruption, sanctions and other laws and regulations. Financial crime 
compliance is increasingly complex and detailed. Compliance with these laws and regulations requires 
automated systems, sophisticated monitoring and skilled compliance personnel. 
The Group maintains updated policies and procedures aimed at detecting and preventing the use of its 
banking network for money laundering and other financial crime related activities. However, financial 
crime is continually evolving and is subject to increasingly stringent regulatory oversight and focus. This 
requires proactive and adaptable responses from the Group. The Group's employees spot and report such 
activities based on experience in recognising criminal tactics and understanding the level of sophistication 
of criminal organizations.  
If the Group is unable to fully comply with applicable laws, regulations and expectations, regulators and 
relevant law enforcement agencies have the ability and authority to impose significant fines and other 
penalties on the Group. 
The Group stores and processes significant amounts of personal data; therefore, it is exposed to potential 
breach of personal data protection regulations. 
As part of its day-to-day operations, the Group stores and processes personal data of its customers on a 
large scale. The storage and processing of personal data by the Group must comply with the laws governing 
personal data protection. From May 2018, following the entry into force of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with 
regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 
95/46/EC (the ''GDPR''), the obligations related to storage and processing of personal data have been 
substantially expanded. The GDPR imposes extensive obligations and guidelines on companies in the 
management and processing of personal data. Administrative fines of EUR 20 million or 4 per cent. of a 
company's worldwide annual turnover can be imposed by the relevant data protection regulator for non-
compliance with the GDPR. Moreover, individuals have the right to judicial redress and claim 
compensation beyond the statutory fines. 
Data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations may evolve and may result in ever-increasing public 
scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. The Group may become subject to new 
legislation or regulations concerning data privacy or cybersecurity, which could require the Group to incur 
additional costs to comply with the requirements.  
The Group has procedures in place to ensure compliance with the relevant data protection regulations by 
its employees and any third-party service providers, and has also implemented security measures to prevent 
cyber-theft. However, leakage of personal data related to a technological failure, resulting from human 
error, deliberate misuse or abuse of personal data, a cyber-attack or circumstances beyond the Issuer's 
control cannot be excluded. As a result, the Group could be subject to investigative and enforcement action 
by relevant regulatory authorities and could be subject to claims or complaints from the person to whom 
the data relates, or could face liability under data protection laws. Furthermore, any breaches of personal 
data protection laws may have an adverse effect on the reputation of the Group. 
The Group may fail in implementing its strategy. 
In October 2021, the Group introduced a new strategy for 2021-2025 entitled "From an icon of mobility to 
an icon of possibility"(the "Group Strategy"). The Group Strategy is designed to leverage the Group's 
competitive strengths, adapt to the new market environment, address weaknesses and as a result enable the 
Issuer to retain its competitive position in Poland whilst achieving better valuation. 
At the mid-point of the implementation of its strategy, in December 2023, the Group adjusted selected 
targets and metrics in response to the changed operating environment, revisited its environmental, social 
and governance ("ESG") goals and redefined them from the perspective of their further integration into the 
Group's priorities and activity, risk and management processes. 
The Group may fail to implement the Group Strategy, in particular, due to difficult economic or market 
conditions, legal and regulatory impediments, the impact of the Russia-Ukraine war on the economy and 
the financial standing of the Group's clients, new burdens and obligations imposed on the banking sector in 
Poland, an increase in competition from other universal banks and non-banking financial companies,

--- Page 28 ---
98042995.13 
28 
 
changes in customer behaviour and other factors. In addition, internal factors may cause the Group to fail 
to attain its strategic objectives, including, for example, delays and difficulties in launching new products 
and solutions in mobile and internet banking, problems in developing cross-selling within the Group, delays 
in implementing solutions to enhance customer service quality, or difficulties in developing the retail or 
corporate segments.  
The occurrence of such factors could lead to the Group losing its position as one of the leading universal 
banking groups in Poland (as determined based on data published by the KNF and the NBP) and the leading 
institution in terms of internet and mobile banking channels (as ranked by prnews.pl) and in consequence 
it may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the 
Group. 
The Group faces fierce competition in Poland's banking industry. 
The Group primarily faces competition in its universal banking activities, where its competitors include 
large Polish and international banks operating in Poland's retail, corporate and investment banking markets. 
In particular, taking into account the large investments made by other banks in new technologies, the Group 
faces increasing competition in internet and mobile banking, in respect of which the Issuer has historically 
held a leading position. 
High levels of competition in the banking industry could also lead to increased pricing pressures on the 
Group's products and services, which would have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Group. In addition, the Polish banking sector has experienced an 
ongoing trend of consolidation, which may allow certain of the Group's competitors to benefit from an 
increased scale of operations. See "Market and Legal Environment – Development of the Polish Banking 
Sector". 
The competitive position of the Issuer is also affected by other financial service providers – entities that are 
not banks, but which engage in the provision of financial services. While not regulated by the KNF, these 
entities might be able to offer potential customers more attractive terms for financial services than the 
Issuer.  
If the Group is unable to maintain its competitive position in the Polish banking sector, this may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group may not be able to hire, train or retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel. 
The success of the Group's business depends, among other things, on its ability to recruit and maintain 
qualified personnel. The Group is dependent upon high-level management to implement its strategy and 
day-to-day operations. The Group endeavours to reduce the risk of losing key employees through various 
measures, including, in particular, an incentive scheme, professional development management and career 
planning. In Poland, there is strong demand for qualified personnel specialising in IT, banking and finance, 
especially at middle and upper management levels. 
Competition of this kind may increase the Group's personnel-related costs and make it difficult to recruit 
and reward qualified personnel. In addition, the Group's senior management or key employees of the 
Group's companies may resign or file a termination notice at any time, which could harm the relationships 
the Group's companies have developed with its customers. The Group's companies may not be able to retain 
such employees, and, if they do resign, the Group's companies may not be able to replace them with persons 
of the same ability and experience. This could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition, results of operations and/or prospects of the Group. 
2. Risks relating to macroeconomic and regulatory conditions 
The Issuer and the Group may be unable to satisfy its or their required minimum capital adequacy ratios. 
The Issuer and the Group are subject to the capital requirement regulations of the European Union and 
Poland, which impose minimum capital ratios and other prudential standards on credit institutions and 
investment firms. These regulations are intended to ensure the financial soundness and stability of the banks 
and the banking sector as a whole, and to protect depositors and investors.

--- Page 29 ---
98042995.13 
29 
 
The adequacy assessment of the Group's capital base (including, among others, the calculation of capital 
ratios and the leverage ratio, own funds and the total capital requirement) is made according to the following 
regulations: 
• 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the 
activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms 
(as amended, the ''Capital Requirements Directive'') and the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended, the ''CRR 
Regulation" or the CRR and, together with the Capital Requirements Directive, the ''CRD''); 
• 
the Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/451 of 17 December 2020 laying down 
implementing technical standards for the application of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council with regard to supervisory reporting of institutions and repealing 
Implementing Regulation (EU) No 680/2014 ("ITS Regulation"); 
• 
the Banking Act of 29 August 1997 (as further amended) (the "Banking Law");  
• 
the Act on Macro-prudential Supervision of the Financial System and Crisis Management of 5 August 
2015; and  
• 
the Regulation of the Minister of Development and Finance of 25 May 2017 on the application of 
higher risk weights to credit exposures secured by mortgages on real estate property. 
 
The minimum levels of mandatory capital adequacy ratios for banks in Poland specified by the KNF in line 
with the CRD regime are: 
• 
the basic capital requirements arising from the CRR Regulation – a Total Capital Ratio ("TCR") of 8 
per cent. and a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 per cent.;  
• 
a combined buffer requirement, which includes a capital conservation buffer, a countercyclical capital 
buffer, an O-SII buffer (individual for particular banks) and a systemic risk buffer (due to the 
exceptional socio-economic situation after the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, this requirement 
was abolished by the Regulation of the Minister of Finance as of 19 March 2020); and  
• 
an additional capital charge in Pillar II to address the risk of foreign currency linked mortgage 
portfolios. The KNF recommendation of 2022 (amended in June 2023) to maintain own funds to cover 
the additional capital requirement for the Issuer and for Group level expired in December 2023. 
As of 30 June 2024, the required minimum TCR and Tier 1 capital ratio at the consolidated level stood at 
11.11 per cent. and 9.11 per cent., respectively, while the required minimum capital ratios for the Issuer at 
the individual level were 11.13 per cent. for TCR and 9.13 per cent. for Tier 1 capital ratio. As of 30 June 
2024, the Group reported TCR and Tier 1 capital ratio at 15.5 per cent. and 13.7 per cent., respectively, 
while stand-alone TCR and Tier 1 capital ratio for the Issuer stood at 17.7 per cent. and 15.7 per cent., 
respectively. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the capital adequacy ratios reported by the Issuer were above the 
minimum levels required by the KNF on both the individual and consolidated basis.  
However, certain developments could affect the Group's ability to continue to satisfy the minimum capital 
adequacy requirements, including: 
• 
reduction in own funds due to losses resulting from high costs of legal risk related to foreign currency 
loans, deterioration in the quality of the Group's assets, lower income levels, increase in costs 
(including additional burdens imposed on banks by regulators) or a combination of all these options; 
• 
reduction of Tier 2 capital as a result of amortisation and subsequent repayment of subordinated 
liabilities; 
• 
deterioration of asset quality leading to a higher level of loan loss provisions, which could cause an 
increased amount of capital deductions; 
• 
an increase in the Group's total risk exposure amount as a result of the expansion of its business or 
depreciation of the PLN against the foreign currencies in which a part of the Group's assets is 
denominated as well as due to regulatory factors;  
• 
the Issuer's ability to raise capital;

--- Page 30 ---
98042995.13 
30 
 
• 
a decline in the values of the Group's securities portfolio measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income; 
• 
changes in accounting rules or in the guidelines regarding the calculation of the capital requirements 
and capital adequacy ratios of banks; and 
• 
additional capital requirements or changes in the minimum capital requirements imposed by the Issuer's 
competent authority. 
In April 2024, Poland's macroprudential body, the Financial Stability Committee, announced that the 
countercyclical buffer should be set at 2.00 per cent. The level should be achieved in two steps, the first at 
1.00 per cent. as of 12 months from the date of announcement of the Regulation of the Minister of Finance 
and the second one at 2.00 per cent as of the date 12 months from the deadline for achieving the first step. 
According to the Management Board Report on the Performance of mBank S.A. Group in H1 2024, in 
2024, an increase of risk-weighted assets is expected due to regulatory factors. They result from 
implementation of material changes in the models of all parameters: PD, credit conversion factor and LGD 
in the portfolios subject to the advanced internal rating-based ("AIRB") approach. In 2024, the Issuer 
expects a rise in risk weighted assets by approximately PLN 4.5 billion. The final impact shall depend on 
the conditions of implementation of the models indicated in the decision of the banking authorities. Before 
the end of 2025, risk weighted assets are expected to increase as a result of (i) the implementation of the 
CRR III package and (ii) other regulatory requirements for advanced capital calculation methods. The 
impact of these factors is expected to range between PLN 4 and 9 billion. 
The capital requirement regulations are subject to change and may be amended or supplemented from time 
to time, either at the EU level or at the national level, in response to market developments, regulatory 
initiatives, international standards or other factors. Such changes may affect the Issuer's ability to meet the 
applicable capital ratios and standards, or may require the Issuer to raise additional capital, reduce its risk-
weighted assets, modify its business model, strategy or operations, or incur additional costs or charges.  
A breach of existing laws relating to minimum capital adequacy ratios may result in entities in the Group 
being subject to administrative sanctions, which may result in an increase of the operating costs of the 
Group, loss of reputation, and, consequently, it may have an adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Issuer and the Group may be unable to satisfy its minimum MREL requirement. 
The Bank and its Group are subject to Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms and amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 
2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) 
no 1093/2010 and (EU) no 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the "BRRD") 
(implemented into Polish law by the Act dated 10 June 2016 on the Bank Guarantee Fund, the Deposit 
Guarantee Scheme and Resolution (the "BGF Act")) amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC.  
The BRRD and the BGF Act introduced the MREL for banks. The MREL responds to the need for an 
adequate level of liabilities that can be converted to capital (or written down) in the event of material 
financial distress and that such resolution can be carried out without involving public funds. 
The MREL requirement is calculated on the basis of the Total Risk Exposure Amount (the "TREA") and 
the Total Exposure Measure (the "TEM"). The combined buffer requirement ("CBR") is excluded from 
MREL. It has to be met on top of the MREL requirement. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is classified neither as a globally systematically important 
bank nor as a top tier bank. The MREL has been set taking into account the resolution strategy of 
Commerzbank, i.e. the Multiple Point of Entry, where the Group constitutes a separate resolution group. 
mBank Hipoteczny S.A. ("mBH") is excluded from the consolidation for the purposes of MREL.  
On 9 April 2024, the Issuer received a letter from the BGF concerning the joint decision of the resolution 
authorities, the Single Resolution Board and the BGF regarding the minimum MREL requirement. The 
BGF, in agreement with the Single Resolution Board, determined the MREL requirement at the

--- Page 31 ---
98042995.13 
31 
 
consolidated level, excluding mBH, in relation to TREA ("MRELTREA") at the level of 15.36 per cent., 
which should be met by own funds and subordinated eligible liabilities at the level of 13.69 per cent. The 
MREL requirement in relation to TEM ("MRELTEM") was determined at 5.91 per cent. and it should be 
met by own funds and subordinated eligible liabilities at 5.26 per cent. of TEM.  
The Common Equity Tier 1 capital kept for the purposes of the CBR cannot be included in MREL 
requirement in relation to TREA. As of 30 June 2024, the CBR for the Group calculated on TREA (without 
mBH) was 3.16 per cent. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Group reported the MRELTREA ratio of 22.79 per cent. including 21.94 per cent. 
for own funds and subordinated eligible liabilities.  
As of 30 June 2024, MRELTEM was 8.67 per cent., including 8.35 per cent. for own funds and subordinated 
eligible liabilities.  
This means that MREL ratios reported as of 30 June 2024 were above minimum required levels. As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer also meets the MRELTREA and MRELTEM requirements. 
Issuances of additional eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL in order to meet the requirements set 
by the BGF, in particular in unfavourable market conditions, may increase the Issuer's funding costs. 
Failure to meet the MREL requirement may have multiple consequences for banks, ranging from 
application of M-MDA (i.e. restrictions on profit pay-outs in the form of dividends and variable 
remuneration) to financial penalties on the Issuer or/and on the Management Board or the Supervisory 
Board. 
If the Issuer were to experience difficulties in raising MREL, it may have to reduce its lending or 
investments in other operations, and, consequently, it may have an adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Group faces ESG-related risks. 
The Group is exposed to various ESG risks that may arise from its operations, products, services, clients, 
suppliers, regulators and other stakeholders. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
• 
environmental risks, which may be grouped into two major subcategories:  
- transformation risk, which is the risk that unforeseen financial costs result, directly or indirectly, from 
the process of adapting to a low-carbon and more environmentally sustainable economy, and  
- physical risk, which is the risk of negative financial effects of a changing climate, including more 
frequent extreme weather events and gradual climate change, as well as environmental degradation 
such as air, water and soil pollution, water stress, biodiversity loss and deforestation; 
• 
social risks, such as consequences arising from violations of human rights, labour standards, health and 
safety, diversity and inclusion, customer protection, social responsibility, community engagement, 
social unrest and litigation; and  
• 
governance risks, such as the Group's failure to comply with corporate governance regulations, ethics, 
compliance and anti-corruption in a timely manner, risks related to money laundering, data protection, 
cyber security, terrorist financing and violation of sanctions and legal risks. 
Due to the constant development and implementation of legal regulations (including, inter alia, Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment) and market recommendations for "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or other equivalently labelled projects, there is a risk that the ESG projects implemented by the 
Group will not achieve the efficiency goals in any of these aspects or that there will be adverse 
environmental, social and/or other effects during the implementation of such projects. Furthermore, the 
Issuer cannot assure investors that any ESG projects or investments will comply with future ESG 
regulations, ordinances, standards or performance requirements or that the status of ESG projects or 
investments may not be withdrawn at any time. 
The Group has adopted policies and procedures to identify, assess, manage and disclose its ESG risks and 
opportunities, and to align its business strategy with the relevant ESG standards and frameworks. However, 
the Group cannot guarantee that its ESG policies and procedures are adequate, effective or consistent with

--- Page 32 ---
98042995.13 
32 
 
the expectations of its stakeholders or the market. Moreover, the Group may face increased costs, liabilities, 
penalties, sanctions, litigation, reputational damage, loss of business opportunities, competitive 
disadvantage or regulatory intervention as a result of the materialisation of its ESG risks or its failure to 
comply with applicable ESG laws, regulations, new disclosure requirements, standards or best practices. 
The Issuer may also be subject to changes in the ESG preferences, demands or behaviours of its investors, 
clients, employees, suppliers or other stakeholders, which may affect its ability to access funding, generate 
revenues, retain talent, manage costs or maintain its social licence to operate. 
The occurrence of any of these ESG risks, individually or in combination and/or failure to meet the ESG 
requirements or standards with regard to the implementation of ESG projects or investments carried out by 
the Issuer may adversely affect the reputation and competitive position of the Group and, consequently, 
may have a negative impact on the operations, financial condition, results and prospects of the Issuer and 
the Group. 
The Group faces risks resulting from the temporary suspension of mortgage repayments. 
The Act on crowdfunding for business ventures and aid to borrowers of 7 July 2022 (the "Crowdfunding 
Act") provided for a possibility of suspending repayment of a mortgage loan granted to a consumer in 
Polish currency upon their request (the so-called "credit holidays"). 
Under the Crowdfunding Act, a borrower under a mortgage loan denominated in PLN, who is a consumer, 
could suspend the repayment of one loan agreement which was provided to finance its own housing needs. 
The suspension period was two months in the period from 1 August 2022 to 30 September 2022, two further 
months in the period from 1 October 2022 to 31 December 2022 and one month in each calendar quarter 
from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023. During the suspension period, the borrower did not have to 
make any payments due to the lender under the loan agreement (including interest, principal amount and 
fee), except for payments of the insurance premiums linked to the loan agreement. For the year ended 31 
December 2022, the Group recognised the negative impact of credit holidays in the total amount of PLN 
1,334.4 million, out of which PLN 1,322.4 million was recognised in the interest income of the Group and 
PLN 12.0 million was recognised in the net trading income of the Group due to the negative effect on hedge 
accounting. For the year ended 31 December 2023, due to an updated calculation of the impact of credit 
holidays, the Group recognised a PLN 57.5 million gain on non-substantial modification, which increased 
net interest income, and PLN 12.0 million impact on hedge accounting, which increased net trading income.  
In April 2024, the Polish Parliament amended the Act of 9 October 2015 on support for borrowers in 
financial difficulties and the Crowdfunding Act. Credit holidays were extended with the following 
eligibility criteria. Borrowers under a mortgage loan denominated in PLN have a right to suspend four 
instalments of principal and interest in 2024: two instalments between 1 June 2024 and 31 August 2024 
and two installments between 1 September 2024 and 31 December 2024. The option is available for 
borrowers whose monthly mortgage instalment exceeds 30 per cent. of their average income for the last 
three months preceding the month of submitting the application to suspend instalments. Households with 
at least three children can apply for credit vacations regardless of the level of the ratio of the instalment to 
average income. The maximum nominal value of each mortgage loan entitled for this programme was set 
at PLN 1.2 million. 
In the first half of 2024, the Group recognised the negative impact of credit holidays on the Group's financial 
result in the total amount of PLN 256.8 million. In order to calculate the impact of credit holidays, the 
Group estimated that customers whose loans represent 87.9 per cent. of the value of the assumed portfolio 
of mortgage loans meeting the statutory criteria have submitted or will submit applications for credit 
holidays and will apply for an average of 3.4 months of credit holidays. However, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the number of applications for credit holidays by borrowers has been lower than the Groups' 
estimations, as evidenced by the take up rate at the end of August.  
If the amount of mortgage loans covered by credit holidays is higher than assumed by the Issuer or the 
period of credit holidays is extended by the legislator beyond 2024, this would entail additional financial 
burdens for the Group, and it would have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial conditions 
and results of operations. A potential extension of the suspension of repayment of mortgage loans in the 
future would have a negative effect on the Issuer’s financial condition. 
The replacement of WIBOR by a new benchmark may result in financial and legal risks.

--- Page 33 ---
98042995.13 
33 
 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", including EURIBOR and WIBOR are the 
subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences. 
In July 2022, a national working group for the reform of benchmarks (the "NWG") was established, 
composed of, inter alia, representatives of the Ministry of Finance, the National Bank of Poland, the KNF, 
as well as the largest banks, insurance companies and investment companies in Poland. 
The purposes of the NWG is to lead the implementation of the transition in such a way as to ensure the 
security of the financial system in Poland. In the context of the planned replacement of the WIBOR index 
with a different benchmark, the following risks may be identified: 
• 
financial risks for financial market participants, including the Group, resulting mainly from the impact 
of the benchmark interest rate on interest income and costs, parties to interest rate derivative 
transactions in Polish zlotys and the impact on entrepreneurs in connection with their financing 
agreements and securing the related interest rate risk); and 
• 
legal risk related to how the change is implemented. 
On 28 September 2022 the NWG announced a roadmap for phasing out WIBOR and replacing it with a 
new benchmark, the Warsaw Interest Rate Overnight ("WIRON"). The WIRON rate is based on actual 
deposit transactions that banks acting as data contributors make with financial institutions and large 
companies. Under the roadmap, which was updated in October 2023, WIBOR should be withdrawn at the 
end of 2027. Some Polish banks introduced a limited range of products based on WIRON. The first 
experience of WIRON's functioning has shown some difficulties with its implementation on a wider scale 
due to the inclusion of a component of large and medium-sized enterprises acting as data contributors for 
this benchmark rate. In April 2024, the Ministry of Finance asked the members of the NWG Steering 
Committee to revisit the review and analysis of benchmarks alternative to the WIBOR, taking into account 
both WIRON and other possible benchmarks.  
Due to the ongoing works on the introduction of a replacement for the WIBOR benchmark, as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not able to estimate the possible impact of the planned change on the 
Group's operations and results.  
Risks related to the Russia-Ukraine war and other military conflicts. 
The Group conducts its operations amid a tense geopolitical and market situation. Russia commenced a 
full-scale military invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 (the "Russia-Ukraine war"), which continues, 
and in October 2023 –the Israel-Hamas conflict began. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group does not have direct balance sheet exposure towards 
Ukraine and its direct balance sheet exposure towards Russia is negligible. However, the Russia-Ukraine 
war may also have an indirect impact on the Group's operations by affecting the Polish economy and 
financial markets, including commodity and fuel price volatility, increased inflation, PLN depreciation and 
valuation of bonds in banks' portfolios.  
Depending on the future development of the Russia-Ukraine war, it is not possible to exclude the risk of 
adverse effects on the Group. The Russia-Ukraine war might affect the Group's lending activity and the 
quality of its loan portfolio. A significant and permanent weakening of the PLN vis-a-vis foreign currencies 
might affect the Group's borrowers' ability to repay FX loans. Uncertainty in the local and global markets 
resulting from economic and geopolitical concerns caused by the Russia-Ukraine war may also lead to an 
increase in funding costs and execution risks related to debt issuance in the capital markets. Furthermore, 
the risk of cyberattacks on companies and institutions could increase even further.  
Moreover, there is a risk that the Russia-Ukraine war will escalate further. Such escalation may include an 
expansion of the conflict into neighboring countries and/or increases in the scale of military operations or 
involvement of other participants, including NATO members and Russia's allies. This would increase the 
scale of the existing negative macroeconomic consequences and generate significant risks for the financial 
sector in Poland. 
The geopolitical situation in the Middle East is also a factor of great uncertainty. The Issuer's direct and 
indirect exposure to this region is negligible. However, a possible escalation of the conflict in the Middle 
East could lead to higher oil and gas prices, the imposition of sanctions, travel and import/export restrictions,

--- Page 34 ---
98042995.13 
34 
 
increased inflationary pressures and market volatility as well as a greater risk aversion among investors. 
Increased inflationary pressures may also be fueled by rising freight rates (difficulties in carrying goods 
through the Red Sea). Elevated risk aversion among investors could also cause the PLN to depreciate 
against the euro, exacerbating negative effects on inflation. 
The impact of wars or conflicts and associated sanctions on global markets, worsening macroeconomic 
conditions and other potential future geopolitical tensions and consequences of such tensions remains 
uncertain and may exacerbate the Group's operational risks. 
Any of these factors could have material adverse effects on the financial position and results of operations 
of the Group.  
Global economic conditions affect the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The performance of the Group is generally influenced by the condition of the global economy and, in 
particular, macroeconomic conditions in Poland and Poland's principal trading partners, such as Germany 
and other EU countries. 
According to the International Monetary Fund (Source: World Economic Outlook Update, July 2024), 
economic growth in major advanced economies is becoming more aligned as output gaps are closing. In 
the United States, increasing signs of economic cooling are observed.  Meanwhile, in the euro area, 
economic growth is increasing. Asia's emerging market economies remain the main engine for the global 
economy. Growth in India and China accounts for almost half of global economic growth.  Yet, prospects 
for the next five years in these countries remain weaker. In some advanced economies, especially the United 
States, progress on disinflation has slowed down. This could force central banks, including the US Federal 
Reserve, to keep borrowing costs higher for even longer, which would put overall economic growth at risk, 
with increased upward pressure on the dollar and harmful spillovers to emerging and developing 
economies. 
Downside risks for economic growth include the re-escalation of Russia-Ukraine war generating additional 
supply shocks that are adverse to the global economic recovery and an escalation of the conflict in the 
Middle East. Spillover risks from the Russia-Ukraine war and the Israel-Hamas conflict could curb global 
economic growth by pushing up oil prices and freight shipping costs. The separation of the world economy 
into categories (countries aligned with the United States, those aligned with China, and non-aligned states) 
amid geopolitical tensions could accelerate and lead to more restrictions on trade and cross-border 
movements of capital, technology and workers.  
Poland's strong trade and financial links with the Eurozone, including links through participation in German 
supply chains, make it susceptible to shocks emanating from major trading partners in the Eurozone. 
Germany faces a combination of cyclical and structural headwinds, including among others labour 
shortages, elevated energy expenses and a burdensome regulatory and tax environment.  
Adverse macroeconomic conditions or negative developments in the financial markets would create an 
unfavourable environment for the banking sector and may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, results of operations and/or the prospects of the Group. 
Deterioration in Poland's economic conditions could affect the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
The Group principally conducts its operations in Poland, where the vast majority of its customers are 
located. As a result, the macroeconomic situation in Poland has a material impact on the business, financial 
condition and result of operations of the Group. 
The economic situation in Poland depends on a number of factors, including measures by which a 
government attempts to influence the economy, such as setting levels of taxation, government budgets, the 
money supply and interest rates as well as the labour market, the demographic situation in the country, 
macroeconomic conditions in the world and in Europe and the inflow of funds from the European Union. 
The economic activity in Poland in 2021-2022 was affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and government 
actions taken to mitigate the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The most important factor 
affecting the economic environment in Poland in 2022, was the Russia-Ukraine war, which led to a 
disruption of supply chains, economic uncertainty, a significant increase in inflation and monetary 
tightening. Although inflation has slowed significantly since February 2023, when it reached a record high

--- Page 35 ---
98042995.13 
35 
 
(18.4 per cent.), it is the NBP forecasts that it will remain above the NBP's inflation target by the end of 
2024 (Source: NBP, "Inflation and GDP projection – July 2023"). 
A potential deterioration of the economic environment in Poland could have a detrimental effect on the 
Group's operations. Higher unemployment and lower consumption, as well as fluctuations in the financial 
markets (including the currency market), may adversely affect the financial condition of the Group's 
customers, which could, in turn, impair the quality and volume of the Group's loans and advances and other 
financial assets. In addition, in unstable market conditions, the value of assets securing loans already 
granted or to be granted by the Group, including real estate, may decline significantly. 
Significant fluctuations or a decline in financial markets may discourage potential customers from buying 
investment products offered by the Group and current holders may withdraw or reduce their exposure to 
such products, which may have an adverse effect, in particular, on the Group's fee and commission income. 
Any deterioration in economic, business, political and social conditions in Poland may have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and operations of the Group. 
Changes to or an increase in the regulation of the financial services and banking industry in Poland 
and internationally could have an adverse effect on the Group's business. 
Regulations governing the banking and financial services industries in Poland and internationally have been 
increasing in recent years. In particular, supervisors have moved to tighten regulations governing financial 
institutions. As a result of these and other ongoing and possible future changes in the financial services 
regulatory landscape (including requirements imposed on the Group as a result of governmental or 
regulatory initiatives, such as the recommendations of the European Union, recommendations of the KNF 
and new regulations from the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision), the Group may face greater 
regulation in Poland and other countries in which it conducts operations. Compliance with such changes 
may increase its capital requirements and costs, heighten disclosure requirements, hinder the entering into 
or carrying out of certain types of transactions, affect the Group's strategy (or internal policies and 
procedures) and limit or require modification of the rates or fees that it charges on certain loan and other 
products, any of which could lower the return ratio on its investments, assets and equity. The Group may 
also thus face increased compliance costs and limitations on its ability to pursue certain business 
opportunities or access capital. 
The occurrence of any of the above-mentioned factors, as well as any discrepancy between international 
regulations, may affect the Group's strategy, its growth potential, its fees and commissions and profit 
margins and a failure by the Issuer or other Group entities to satisfy regulatory requirements may expose 
the Issuer or other Group entities to sanctions, fines and other penalties which, in each case, could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer may be required to implement a recovery plan or other early intervention measures under 
Polish banking law. 
In the event of a breach by the Issuer, or of a threat of breach, with respect to capital adequacy ratios and 
other ratios and requirements (e.g. liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") and net stable funding ratio ("NSFR")), 
or significant deterioration of the financial situation of the Issuer, including the occurrence of a balance 
sheet loss or a threat thereof, a threat of insolvency or liquidity loss, increases in the Issuer's leverage ratio, 
the number of its non-performing loans or the concentration of exposure, the Issuer's Management Board 
shall forthwith notify the KNF and the BGF, and shall ensure the implementation of a recovery plan. 
The KNF may undertake supervisory measures with respect to the Issuer, in particular, it may require that 
a recovery plan is implemented or actions set out in the recovery plan are taken, prohibit or restrict the 
granting of loans and cash advances to shareholders and members of the Management Board, Supervisory 
Board and employees, order the reduction or withholding of certain variable components of executive 
remuneration, request the Issuer's Management Board to summon an extraordinary general meeting to 
consider the deteriorating financial situation of the Issuer or adopt specific resolutions, including increasing 
own funds, request the Issuer to dismiss one or more members of the Management Board or persons holding 
managerial positions, require that a plan for the restructuring of liabilities is adopted and implemented for 
some or all creditors, request the Issuer to amend its business strategy, bylaws or organisational structure, 
request the Management Board to provide an analysis of the causes of the deteriorating financial situation

--- Page 36 ---
98042995.13 
36 
 
and a forecast of the Issuer's financial situation and a timetable for measures to improve the Issuer's financial 
situation. The KNF may also appoint a trustee to supervise the implementation of the recovery plan. 
If the implementation of the recovery plan proves insufficient to remedy the deterioration in the Issuer's 
financial situation or in order to ensure the effectiveness of the recovery plan under implementation, the 
KNF may decide to appoint an administrator of the Issuer. Upon the appointment of an administrator, the 
Supervisory Board is suspended, while the members of the Management Board of the Issuer are dismissed 
by operation of law. 
The above measures, if taken by the KNF, may have a significant impact on the operations of the Issuer 
and may hamper the realisation of its business strategy. 
The Issuer may be required to make substantial mandatory contributions, including contributions to the 
BGF, the Borrowers' Support Fund and the Institutional Protection Scheme. 
Pursuant to the provisions of the BGF Act, the Issuer is a member of a mandatory guarantee system and is 
obliged to contribute to a deposit guarantee fund and a resolution fund. 
Since 2017, the amount of contributions to the Deposit Guarantee Fund and the Resolution Fund has been 
calculated by the BGF individually for each bank.   
The total amount of contributions to the mandatory Deposit Guarantee Fund for a given calendar year due 
quarterly from banks and branches of foreign banks is determined by the BGF, taking into account, inter 
alia, the current balance of funds in the Deposit Guarantee Fund and the planned path to reach the target 
level. On 26 October 2022, the Council of the BGF adopted the resolution which lowered the target level 
of the Deposit Guarantee Fund from 2.6 per cent. to 1.6 per cent. of covered deposits. The basis for the 
calculation of contributions to the Deposit Guarantee Fund for a given quarter is the value of the covered 
deposits at a bank at the end of the quarter immediately preceding the quarter to which the contribution 
relates. The BGF Council decided not to collect contributions to the Deposit Guarantee Fund in 2023 and 
2024, as the funds gathered by the Deposit Guarantee Fund exceeded the target of 1.6 per cent. of covered 
deposits. The BGF may resume collecting contributions to the Deposit Guarantee Fund from 2025. 
The obligation to pay the contribution to the Resolution Fund is on the first day of the third quarter of each 
calendar year; however, the contribution is booked in the first quarter. The basis for calculating 
contributions is the sum of a bank's liabilities (net of own funds and covered deposits) as at the last approved 
annual financial statements before 31 December of the year preceding the year of contribution. When 
determining the amount of the contribution, the institution's risk profile is taken into account by assessing 
the risk in the areas of risk exposure, stability and diversification of funding sources, the importance of the 
institution for the stability of the financial system or the economy and additional indicators determined at 
the national level. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the value of the Group's BGF contribution to the Resolution Fund 
amounted to PLN 181.8 million, compared with PLN 247.4 million in 2022. In the first half of 2024, the 
Group booked the BGF contribution to the Resolution Fund in the amount of PLN 146.8 million.  
Due to the relatively large scale of the Issuer’s operations, if a member of the mandatory guarantee system 
was to declare bankruptcy, the Issuer may be obligated to make larger payments to the BGF than many 
other members of the deposit guarantee system. 
In addition, a Borrowers' Support Fund ("BSF") managed by Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego ("BGK") was 
established pursuant to the Act of 9 October 2015 in order to support residential borrowers in financial 
difficulties. The Group was obliged to make related one-off contributions to the BSF which amounted to 
PLN 52.1 million in 2015. Under the Crowdfunding Act, Polish lenders were required to make additional 
contributions to the BSF in the total amount of PLN 1.4 billion by 31 December 2022. In 2022, the Group 
recognised a contribution to the BSF in the amount of PLN 170.9 million.  
The amended Act of 9 October 2015 on support for borrowers in financial difficulties adopted in April 2024 
implemented changes in the rules of the BSF. The conditions of the BSF were eased by lowering the "Debt 
Service-To-Income ratio" (the ratio of the borrower's expenses related to servicing the monthly instalment 
of the housing loan to the borrower's monthly household income) to 40 per cent. from 50 per cent. The 
period during which support can be provided was extended from 36 to 40 months and the value of maximum 
monthly support will be increased from PLN 2,000 to PLN 3,000. Moreover, the repayment period of the

--- Page 37 ---
98042995.13 
37 
 
support or loan was extended from 144 instalments to 200 instalments. In the opinion of the Polish Bank 
Association, wider access to the BSF may result in the need for additional payments to the Fund. 
In June 2022, the Bank, together with seven other Polish commercial banks, established the Institutional 
Protection Scheme (the "IPS") in the form of a joint stock company the Polish Commercial Banks' 
Protection System (System Ochrony Banków Komercyjnych S.A., "SOBK"). As part of IPS, an aid fund 
has been established, to which the participating banks provided cash contributions. The purpose of the aid 
fund is to ensure liquidity and solvency of the participants of the scheme (up to the level of available 
contributions), support resolution of a bank conducted by the BGF and the takeover of a bank being a joint-
stock company pursuant to Art. 146b paragraph 1 of the Banking Law. The Issuer's contribution to the aid 
fund in 2022 amounted to PLN 428.1 million. Further contributions to the aid fund will require a unanimous 
resolution of the general meeting of SOBK.  
If the Issuer is required to make substantial contributions to the BGF, the BSF and/or the IPS, it may have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's financial results. 
The Group faces risks related to its business activity in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. 
The Issuer conducts retail banking business in Czech Republic and Slovakia through its foreign branches. 
The Issuer's operations in these countries are exposed to a wide range of risks accompanying international 
business arising from unexpected enactments and changes in laws, regulations, policies, and taxation, and 
divergences in the interpretation and application thereof, uncertainties in the economic environment 
including currency fluctuations, level of inflation, deflation, economic recession, local market disruption, 
social unrest, changes in disposable income or gross national product, variations in interest rates, economic 
growth and other similar factors. 
The adverse effects of these factors could lead to an increase in defaults by the Issuer's customers resulting 
in a deterioration of the Issuer's earnings. Political developments or changes in the fiscal policy in the Czech 
Republic or Slovakia could have an adverse effect on the overall economic and political stability of these 
countries. The Issuer is exposed to the macroeconomic or other factors that may affect growth in the Czech 
and Slovak banking markets and the credit worthiness of Czech and Slovak retail customers. There can be 
no assurance that any political or economic instability will not occur in the Czech Republic or Slovakia or 
that any such instability will not adversely affect the Issuer's business.  
Any of these developments and/or a decrease in the number of customers of foreign branches or a decline 
in the credit worthiness of these customers could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The KNF or other authorities may identify issues during inspections of the Group, which, if not 
adequately resolved, may result in sanctions or fines. 
In the course of its activities, the Group is subject to numerous inspections, reviews, audits and explanatory 
proceedings conducted by various supervisors, which supervise the financial services sector and other areas 
in which the Group operates, including the KNF, the Office for Competition and Consumer Protection 
(Urząd Ochrony Konkurencji i Konsumentów) (the "OCCP") and tax authorities. 
On 22 November 2023, the KNF started administrative proceedings against the Issuer, that might result in 
a penalty being imposed on the Issuer under Article 176i(1)(4) of the Act on trading in financial instruments. 
At this stage of the proceedings, the amount of the potential penalty cannot be estimated reliably. 
mFinanse S.A. ("mFinanse"), a subsidiary of the Issuer, was inspected by the Social Insurance Institution 
("ZUS") in the period from 16 May 2022 to 2 March 2023. The subject of the inspection was the correctness 
and reliability of mFinanse's calculation of social insurance contributions and other contributions that ZUS 
is obliged to collect, as well as reporting for social insurance and health insurance for the years 2018 to 
2021. mFinanse is in dispute with the ZUS regarding the interpretation of the application of social security 
regulation in the area of the cooperation model involving the simultaneous employment of intermediaries 
on a part-time basis and a civil law contract. At the end of June 2024, there were 168 cases at the court 
stage in the area of the cooperation model used by the company. In connection with the above issue, as of 
30 June 2024, the provisions related to this case created by the Group amounted to PLN 82.5 million. 
Other administrative proceedings are described in the subsection of the Base Prospectus entitled "Legal, 
Administrative and Arbitration Proceedings".

--- Page 38 ---
98042995.13 
38 
 
In the future, if any irregularities are found by the Group's supervisory authorities and the Issuer fails to 
remedy them (provided that an opportunity to do so is given) the Issuer may be exposed to sanctions, fines 
and other penalties as prescribed by applicable law. This could affect the business, financial condition, 
reputation and results of operations of the Group. 
Additional tax burdens may be imposed on Polish banks, or the existing taxes may be increased. 
The Act of 15 January 2016 on Tax Imposed on Certain Financial Institutions (the "2016 Tax Act") 
imposed tax on the assets of financial institutions, including assets of banks (the "Banking Tax"). The tax 
base is the excess of the total value of the assets of a bank as at the last day of the month over a tax-free 
amount of PLN 4 billion. Own funds and Treasury bonds are excluded from the tax base.  
The tax rate, which is charged monthly, is currently set at 0.0366 per cent., but there is no guarantee that it 
will not be raised in the future or that additional taxes will not be levied on the Issuer. Since it was 
introduced, the Banking Tax had material negative impact on net profit generated by the Group. The amount 
of the Banking Tax of the Group for the last three fiscal years amounted to: PLN 608.6 million in 2021, 
PLN 684.2 million in 2022 and PLN 743.6 million in 2023. 
The Banking Tax is not a tax-deductible cost for corporate income tax purposes. Therefore, it significantly 
increases the effective tax rate for the Group. The Polish Bank Association (ZBP) proposed that instead of 
calculating the tax based on assets, it should be calculated based on the banks' liabilities. The Polish 
Minister of Finance does not rule out the possibility of talks with banks about changing the tax base, 
provided that budget revenues are not lower than under the current tax base. 
In 2022, certain European politicians proposed imposing a windfall tax on excess profits generated as a 
result of circumstances or events beyond the companies' control. Such windfall taxes were imposed on 
various sectors in Hungary, Czech Republic, Spain and Italy in July 2022, November 2022, December 2022 
and August 2023, respectively.  
Any changes in the Banking Tax, which increase the level of the tax payable by the Issuer or any new taxes, 
including windfall taxes, imposed on banks, may affect the financial results of the Group and could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Interpretation of Polish laws and regulations may be unclear and Polish laws and regulations may 
change. 
The Issuer has been established and operates under Polish law. The Polish legal system is based on statutory 
law enacted by the Parliament. A significant number of regulations relating to the issue of and trading in 
securities, shareholders' rights, foreign investments, issues related to corporate operation and corporate 
governance, commerce, taxes and business activity have been or may be changed. These regulations are 
subject to different interpretations and may be interpreted in an inconsistent manner. Moreover, not all court 
judgements are published in official journals and, as a matter of general rule, they are not binding in other 
cases and are thus of limited importance as legal precedent. The Issuer cannot provide assurance that its 
interpretation of Polish laws and regulations will not be challenged, and any successful challenge could 
result in fines or penalties or could require the Issuer to modify its practices, all of which would have an 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Similarly, the Polish tax system is subject to frequent changes. Some provisions of Polish tax law are 
ambiguous, and often there is no unanimous or uniform interpretation of law or uniform practice by the tax 
authorities. The Issuer cannot guarantee that the Polish tax authorities will not take a different, unfavourable 
view of the interpretation of tax provisions implemented by the Issuer or any Group member, which may 
have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
There is a risk that, with the introduction of new regulations, the Group will have to undertake compliance 
measures, which may result in significant costs and expenses associated with non-compliance. The 
changing interpretations of tax regulations followed by various tax authorities, the long limitation periods 
for tax liabilities and the relatively high penalties and other sanctions for non-compliance may result in 
significant tax risks for the Group. 
The operations of the Group's subsidiaries and the related disclosures in tax returns may be challenged by 
tax authorities as being non-compliant with tax laws. There is a risk of changes in tax laws and adoption by

--- Page 39 ---
98042995.13 
39 
 
tax authorities of tax rulings different from those underlying the calculation of tax liabilities by the Group's 
subsidiaries. 
Moreover, in relation to the cross-border character of the Group's business, the double tax treaties to which 
the Republic of Poland is a party also have an effect on the Group's business. Different interpretations of 
double tax treaties by the tax authorities and changes to these treaties may have a material adverse effect 
on the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects of the Group. 
The impact of competition and anti-monopoly legislation. 
The Group's business must comply with regulations regarding competition, consumer protection and public 
aid. Under the Polish Antimonopoly Act, the President of the OCCP has the right to issue a decision stating 
that a business entity is participating in an arrangement which aims at or results in the limitation of 
competition. Moreover, the President of the OCCP may accuse business entities having a dominant position 
in the Polish market of an abuse of such position. Having determined that such practice has taken place, the 
President of the OCCP may order the discontinuance of such practices and may also impose a fine. The 
President of the OCCP also has the authority to declare that the provisions of agreements, as well as the 
tariffs and fees used by a particular business, violate the collective interest of consumers and, as a 
consequence, may order the discontinuance of such agreements and impose a fine on the business. 
If there is any suspicion of a breach which could impact trade between Member States, the Treaty 
Establishing the European Community and other community legislation apply directly, while the authority 
competent to enforce them is the European Commission or the President of the OCCP. Within the scope of 
their competencies, the European Commission or the President of the OCCP may come to the conclusion 
that a specific action of a business entity constitutes a prohibited action that restricts competition and is an 
abuse of market position or breach of common consumer interests, and they may prohibit any such practices 
or apply other sanctions provided for in the community law regulations or the Act on Protection of 
Competition and Consumers, which may adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Group. 
Moreover, acquisitions by the Issuer of businesses operating in the financial services and banking sectors 
may require consents for concentration issued by Polish authorities, foreign competition authorities or 
financial sector regulatory authorities. The grant of any such consent depends, among other things, on the 
evaluation of the consequences that the relevant concentration may have on the competition in the market. 
No assurance can be given that any such consents would be granted. If consent for concentration is refused 
for a particular acquisition, it will prevent the completion of such acquisition and would restrict the Group's 
ability to grow. 
The Act amending the Act on Protection of Competition and Consumers, which entered into force on 17 
April 2016, gives the President of the OCCP certain additional powers. In particular, the President of the 
OCCP is permitted to issue administrative decisions concerning prohibited clauses in contract templates 
and ban their further use. The amended Act on Protection of Competition and Consumers introduced a new 
prohibition on breaching the collective interest of consumers by the mis-selling of financial services. The 
Group has implemented appropriate procedures to mitigate the risk associated with offering financial 
services that are inadequate for a particular customer. However, as the concept of mis-selling is broad, there 
is a risk that the OCCP can initiate proceedings against the Issuer if it finds that financial services are 
inadequate for a particular customer. 
The current developments regarding the strengthening of consumer rights might lead to further obligations 
being imposed on the Group, which, in the case of a failure to comply with such rules, could adversely 
affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
3. Risks relating to the Group and its relationship with Commerzbank and its affiliates (the 
Commerzbank Group) 
Commerzbank holds corporate control over the Issuer. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's principal shareholder, Commerzbank, held 29,352,897 
shares, representing 69.1 per cent. of the Issuer's share capital, which gave Commerzbank the right to 
exercise 69.1 per cent. of the total number of votes at any General Shareholders' Meeting.

--- Page 40 ---
98042995.13 
40 
 
Commerzbank is able to exercise corporate control over the Issuer due to its share in the capital of the Issuer 
and in the total number of votes at the General Meeting. In particular, Commerzbank has majority voting 
power at the General Meeting, and thus has a decisive voice regarding major corporate actions, such as the 
amendment of the Articles of Association, issuance of new shares of the Issuer, decrease of the Issuer's 
share capital, issuance of convertible bonds, payment of dividends and other actions which, according to 
the Polish Code of Commercial Companies and Partnerships of 15 September 2000 (as amended) (the 
"KSH"), require a qualified or simple majority vote at a General Shareholders' Meeting for approval. In 
addition, Commerzbank holds a sufficient number of votes to appoint a majority of the members of the 
Supervisory Board, which in turn appoints the members of the Management Board. As a result, 
Commerzbank has the ability to exercise considerable control over the Issuer's operations. 
If the interests of Commerzbank and the interests of the Group conflict, this could have an adverse effect 
on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The shareholders are not required to support the Issuer. 
The Issuer has historically benefited from Commerzbank's support in different areas. However, 
Commerzbank's past efforts do not necessarily mean that Commerzbank will be obliged to provide support 
and finance to the Group in any case in the future, in particular to subscribe for newly issued shares in any 
future equity offering or ensure debt financing for the Group.  
Commerzbank has undertaken to the KNF that it will provide the Issuer and mBH with sufficient liquidity 
and capital to enable them to meet their financial obligations at all times, as stated in Commerzbank group's 
2023 Annual Report. However, the conditions for this commitment have not been specified. In addition, 
the above commitment would expire in the event of a potential loss of control over the Issuer by 
Commerzbank. 
Moreover, the potential loss of control over the Issuer by Commerzbank in the future may lead to negative 
consequences resulting from the agreements on the basis of which the Group obtained debt financing, in 
particular the potential necessity to repay such debt financing earlier.  
The occurrence of any of these situations may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition or results of operations. 
RISKS RELATED TO NOTES AND INVESTMENT IN NOTES 
4. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At such times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed, and may only be able to do 
so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to execute such a 
conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be 
expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the 
same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other

--- Page 41 ---
98042995.13 
41 
 
Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may 
be lower than the prevailing market rates. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared with more conventional interest-bearing securities 
having comparable maturities. 
Risks relating to Reset Notes. 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if 
any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Reset Reference Rate and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date (each such interest rate, a Subsequent Reset Rate). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any 
Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset 
Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
5. Risks related to Notes which are linked to or referencing "benchmarks"  
Changes to Benchmarks. 
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) for a Series 
of Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes may specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to EURIBOR, PRIBOR, WIBOR, SOFR, SONIA or other reference rates which 
are deemed to be "benchmarks". Such benchmarks are the subject of ongoing international, national and 
other regulatory discussions, guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause some benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past or disappear entirely, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes (including the value and/or liquidity 
thereof and/or the return thereon) referencing such a benchmark.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU and the UK, 
respectively. Each of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation among other 
things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based or non-
UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU or UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK-based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
In addition, the EU Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to 
deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power 
to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national 
authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes 
issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback provisions or no suitable fallback provisions before 
the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. For instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision included 
in Condition 5.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) a benchmark is replaced by a benchmark which no longer 
reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality that the 
benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such benchmark may be 
designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, 
certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable 
benchmark. However, there are still some uncertainties as to the application of these regulatory provisions 
as implementing acts must be adopted.

--- Page 42 ---
98042995.13 
42 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a direct 
and/or material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR, PRIBOR, WIBOR or another benchmark rate or 
index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the terms of EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the or affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark.  
Floating Rate Notes which specify Screen Rate Determination in the applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined; in particular (but without limitation) may be impacted if (i) a benchmark could not be 
used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration 
or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction or non-UK jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and/or (ii) if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the benchmark. In addition, either of the above examples could potentially lead to the Floating Rate Notes 
being de-listed, adjusted or redeemed early or otherwise impacted, depending on the particular benchmark 
and the applicable terms of the Floating Rate Notes, or have other adverse effects or unforeseen 
consequences. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks (including EURIBOR, PRIBOR, 
WIBOR, SOFR and SONIA): (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to such benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks; or (iii) 
lead to the discontinuation or unavailability of quotes of certain benchmarks. Any of the above changes or 
any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other 
initiatives or investigations could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the benchmark-related reforms and investigations in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
Benchmark Discontinuation. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk-free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the Eurozone. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the Eurozone. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or 
whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.  
The PRIBOR and WIBOR are also in the process of reform to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, and it is uncertain how long they will continue in their current forms or whether 
they will be replaced with risk-free rates or other alternative benchmarks.  
The Programme provides for the issuance of Notes with a floating rate of interest determined on the basis 
of benchmarks including those mentioned above. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes to benchmarks as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives 
or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such 
changes, could have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, value of and return on 
any such affected Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
The Conditions in respect of Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements 
in the event that an Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions) and/or any page on which an

--- Page 43 ---
98042995.13 
43 
 
Original Reference Rate may be published (or any other successor service) becomes unavailable or a 
Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event, as applicable (each as defined in the Conditions) 
otherwise occurs. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest or other 
amounts payable under the Notes could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate or a 
Benchmark Replacement, as applicable (each as defined in the Conditions) determined, in the case of a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate by an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions) acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in the Conditions. If a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (as the case may be) is so determined, an Adjustment Spread (as 
defined in the Conditions) shall also be determined by the relevant Independent Adviser in accordance with 
the Conditions, and amendments to the Conditions may be made by the relevant Independent Adviser 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with the Issuer) 
to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or to ensure 
the proper operation of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. Where a Benchmark Replacement replaces the then-current Benchmark (as defined in 
the Conditions) a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment as defined in the Conditions shall be determined by 
the Issuer or its designee to apply to the Benchmark Replacement. An Adjustment Spread or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment could be positive, negative or zero. Investors should note that the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer or its designee, as the case may be, will have discretion to determine the 
applicable Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment in the circumstances described in 
the Conditions, and, in any event, an Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as 
applicable may not be effective in reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit to investors 
arising out of the replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate or Benchmark, as applicable with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate or the Benchmark Replacement, as applicable, (as the case may 
be). 
The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement, as applicable, (including with 
the application of an Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, respectively) will still 
result in any Notes referencing an Original Reference Rate or Benchmark, as applicable, performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original 
Reference Rate or Benchmark, as applicable, were to continue to apply in its current form. No consent of 
the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments described 
above. 
No Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment (as applicable) will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and 
conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect any Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes (as applicable), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of 
Ordinary Senior Notes, MREL Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the relevant Series of Senior 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes as "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor 
term) which are available to count towards the Issuer's and/or the Group's eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity. In the case of Ordinary Senior Notes, MREL Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms 
of the Notes will be made pursuant to Condition 5.4(c) (Benchmark Discontinuation – Additional 
Provisions), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity date 
of the Notes. 
Any such adjustment or amendment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no 
assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder or Couponholder, any such 
adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder or Couponholder. 
In certain circumstances (including where, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to make the necessary determination of a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread), the ultimate fallback for the 
purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) 
may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being 
used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes 
based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning

--- Page 44 ---
98042995.13 
44 
 
the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and 
the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may 
not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of international, 
national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in 
relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes, could have a material adverse effect 
on the trading market for value of and return on any Notes linked to such benchmark. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect 
to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, including SONIA and SOFR, as reference 
rates for Notes. 
Under the Programme the Issuer has the option to issue Notes for which the Rate of Interest is determined 
by reference to SONIA or SOFR (as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement). The use of risk-free rates, including those such as SONIA and SOFR, 
as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the 
calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds 
referencing SONIA and SOFR, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-free rates, such as 
SONIA and SOFR, under this Programme. The Issuer may in future also issue Notes referencing SONIA 
and SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes 
issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could 
result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes 
that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free 
rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the 
market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are 
overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to 
be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates 
may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates, such as SONIA and SOFR, may differ from other inter-bank offered rates in a number 
of material respects and have a limited history. 
The Issuer may issue Notes that are calculated by reference to risk-free rates such as SONIA and SOFR. 
Risk-free rates, such as SONIA and SOFR, may differ from the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") 
and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects. These include (without limitation) being 
backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, 
overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally 
expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on

--- Page 45 ---
98042995.13 
45 
 
interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently 
to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that 
represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an 
unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR 
have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Publication of SONIA and SOFR began in April 2018 and the rates therefore have a limited history. The 
future performance of SONIA and SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The levels of SONIA and SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to 
the historical levels of SONIA and SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market 
variables and their relation to SONIA and SOFR, such as correlations, may change in the future. Investors 
should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free 
rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, the interest on Notes which reference SOFR or SONIA is only capable of being determined 
at the end of the relevant Observation Period or Interest Period (as applicable) and immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference SOFR or SONIA 
to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may 
be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could 
adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates 
become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 10 (Events of Default), or are 
otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable 
in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior 
to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or 
SOFR or discontinue SONIA or SOFR. 
In relation to any Notes linked to SONIA or SOFR, The Bank of England or the New York Federal Reserve 
(or a successor), as administrator of SONIA and SOFR, respectively, may, after the relevant Issue Date, 
make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, including changes 
related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the 
transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA or SOFR. In 
addition, the relevant administrator may after the relevant Issue Date alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case the fallback methods of determining the 
Rate of Interest on the Notes will apply). The relevant administrator has no obligation to consider the 
interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or 
SOFR. 
6. Risks related to Notes generally 
Notes may be required to absorb losses as a result of statutory powers conferred on the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
The Noteholders are subject to the risk that such Notes may be required to absorb losses as a result of 
statutory powers conferred on the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
The powers provided to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD include, among others, a 
statutory write-down and conversion powers that can be used to ensure that tier 1 and tier 2 subordinated 
capital instruments (which could include Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) fully absorb losses at the point of non-
viability of an institution or its group and before any resolution action is taken. There is also a separate 
resolution tool, the "bail-in tool", which gives the Relevant Resolution Authority the power to cancel all or 
a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities. The bail-in tool can be used 
to recapitalise an institution that is failing or likely to fail, allowing authorities to restructure it through the 
resolution process and restore its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. Under the BRRD the point 
of non-viability of a resolution entity is the point at which the relevant resolution authority determines that 
the resolution entity or its group: (i) meets conditions for resolution; or (ii) will no longer be viable unless 
the relevant instruments (such as Notes issued under the Programme) are written down or converted into 
equity; (iii) requires extraordinary public financial support other than to remedy a serious disturbance in

--- Page 46 ---
98042995.13 
46 
 
the economy of an EEA member state and to preserve financial stability; or (iv) infringes or, in the near 
future, will infringe its consolidated prudential requirements in a way that would justify action by the 
resolution authority. 
In addition, the powers granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD include the following 
resolution tools: (i) to direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business 
on commercial terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural 
requirements that would otherwise apply, (ii) to transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial 
institution to a "bridge bank" (a publicly controlled entity) and (iii) to transfer the assets of the relevant 
financial institution to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be managed over time. The BRRD 
also grants powers to enable the Relevant Resolution Authority to implement the resolution tools, including 
the power to replace or substitute the relevant financial institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, 
the power to modify the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of 
interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), and/or the power to discontinue 
the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. Any application of the "bail-in" power shall 
be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact 
of such application on Noteholders will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, 
including any priority given to other creditors such as depositors. 
As a result, the BRRD contemplates that resolution authorities may require the permanent write-down of 
such capital instruments (which write-down may be in full) or the conversion of them into common equity 
tier 1 instruments at the point of non-viability (which common equity Tier 1 instruments may also be subject 
to any application of the general bail-in tool described above) and before any other bail-in or resolution tool 
can be used. The application of any non-viable loss-absorption measure may result in Noteholders losing 
some or all of their investment. The exercise of any such power may be inherently unpredictable and may 
depend on a number of factors which may be outside the Issuer's control. Any such exercise, or any 
suggestion that the Notes could become subject to such exercise, could, therefore, materially adversely 
affect the value of the Notes. 
Under the terms of the Notes, investors will agree to be bound by and consent to the exercise of any bail-
in power or stay powers. 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise, in the future, of a bail-in power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority and the Notes include a contractual consent to the application of the bail-in power and, 
consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Notes. 
By acquiring Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by (a) the 
effect of the exercise of any bail-in power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may include and result 
in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal 
amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under, or in respect of, the 
Notes; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or 
any other outstanding amounts due under, or in respect of, the Notes into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, 
securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of 
the Notes; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes; (iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes 
or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and (b) the variation of the terms of the 
Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of any bail-in power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
The exercise of any such powers or any suggestion of, or perception of there being an increased likelihood 
of, such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of the Notes 
or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
Additionally, the Notes may be subject to the exercise, in the future, of other resolution measures such as 
stay powers by the relevant resolution authority. The Notes include a contractual consent to the application 
of the stay powers and so by subscribing, purchasing and/or holding Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges 
and accepts that, where a resolution measure is taken in relation to the Issuer or any member of the same 
group as the Issuer which is an entity within the scope of Article 71a of the BRRD and any relevant 
implementing measures in any EEA member state, the Notes may be subject to the exercise of stay powers 
by a relevant resolution authority and the Noteholder shall be bound by the application or exercise of any 
such stay powers. Consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Notes as a result 
of the application or exercise of such stay powers.

--- Page 47 ---
98042995.13 
47 
 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the Issuer's option for taxation reasons or upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event or an MREL Disqualification Event, subject to certain 
conditions. 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due 
to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of Poland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax (a "Tax Jurisdiction"), the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all outstanding Notes in 
whole, but not in part, in accordance with the Conditions. The Notes may be also redeemed for taxation 
reasons if: (i) the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in any 
Tax Jurisdiction in respect of any payment of interest to be made on the Notes on the next payment date 
due under the Notes or the value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced; or (ii) if the 
applicable tax treatment of the Notes is materially affected. In each case, the Issuer may only redeem such 
Notes if such: (i) additional payment or inability to claim a tax deduction (as applicable) occurs or the 
applicable tax treatment of the Notes is materially affected as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of any Tax Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and (ii) in the case of MREL Senior Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes only if so permitted by the Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force and 
subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as applicable (if such permission is required), 
as further described in Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Furthermore, if a Capital Disqualification Event occurs as a result of a change (or any pending change 
which the Competent Authority considers sufficiently certain) in Polish law or law of any other relevant 
jurisdiction, Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation 
thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer may redeem all, and not some only, of any 
Series of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable 
Banking Regulations then in force and subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as 
applicable (if such permission is required), as further described in Condition 7.3 (Early Redemption due to 
Capital Disqualification Event). 
If a MREL Disqualification Event occurs as a result of a change (or any pending change which the 
competent authority considers sufficiently certain) in Polish law, law of any other relevant jurisdiction or 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) or 
any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, 
MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable 
Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force, 
and subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as applicable (if such permission is 
required), as further described in Condition 7.4 (Early Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event). 
In respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, the regulatory conditions include the requirement under CRD that, 
if such Notes are to be redeemed during the first five years after the issuance of the relevant Series of such 
Notes, the Issuer must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the event triggering 
such redemption was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issue of the Notes and, in the case of an 
early redemption relating to the tax treatment of the Notes, that the change in tax treatment is material and, 
in the case of an early redemption relating to a Capital Disqualification Event, that such change is 
sufficiently certain. These foreseeability and materiality conditions to redemption contained in CRD only 
apply to a redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes occurring in the first five years after the issue date of 
the relevant Series of such Notes and, therefore, an issuer of regulatory capital securities, such as the Tier 
2 Subordinated Notes, could opt to redeem such Notes for tax or regulatory reasons after such fifth 
anniversary, including based upon an event that occurred within the first five years of issue. There can 
therefore be no assurances that Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will not be called for tax or regulatory reasons 
prior to any specified optional call date.  
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's 
insolvency.

--- Page 48 ---
98042995.13 
48 
 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all present and future, direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer outstanding from time to time, save for 
certain obligations required to be preferred by Polish law. In the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency, 
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Issuer or in the event of a resolution in respect of the Issuer, 
and to the extent permitted by Polish law, the rights of a holder of such Subordinated Notes shall be 
subordinated in right of payment only to claims against the Issuer of all unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer, as described in Condition 2 (Status of the Notes). 
Under certain circumstances, the Issuer's ability to redeem or repurchase the Notes may be limited. 
The CRD or BRRD, as applicable, prescribes certain conditions for the granting of permission by the 
Competent Authority to a request by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the Notes prior to their stated 
maturity date. Those conditions include the following: (i) before such redemption the Notes shall be 
replaced with other MREL-eligible instruments of equal or higher quality; (ii) the Issuer shall demonstrate 
to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that following such redemption the MREL-eligible 
instruments of the Issuer exceed the requirements specified in the CRD and/or BRRD by at least the margin 
the Competent Authority considers necessary; or (c) the Issuer shall demonstrate to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the partial or full replacement of the Notes constituting the eligible liabilities 
with instruments classified as own funds is necessary to ensure compliance with capital requirements 
applicable to the Issuer. The Issuer may redeem or repurchase the Notes prior to their stated maturity date 
only if such redemption or repurchase is in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and it has 
been granted the approval of or permission from the Competent Authority and any other requirements of 
the Applicable Banking Regulations applicable to such redemptions or repurchases at the time have been 
complied with by the Issuer. The rules under CRD and/or BRRD may be modified from time to time after 
the Issue Date of the Notes. 
Some Notes may be subordinated to most of the Issuer's liabilities. 
If Notes are subordinated or senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, and the Issuer is declared 
insolvent and/or a winding up is initiated, claims in respect of such Notes will rank as described in the 
Conditions and the Issuer will be required to pay certain of its other creditors in full before it can make any 
payments on such Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these 
payments to pay amounts due under its subordinated or senior non-preferred Notes. Investors in such Notes 
could therefore lose some or all of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent or should the Notes 
become subject to the exercise of bail in and loss absorption powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
The terms of the Notes (other than Ordinary Senior Notes) contain a no set-off clause. 
The Conditions (other than Ordinary Senior Notes) provide that there is no set-off, netting, compensation, 
retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note against any 
right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against any Noteholder, directly or indirectly 
howsoever arising. As a result, Holders of any Notes (other than Ordinary Senior Notes) would not at any 
time be entitled to set off the Issuer's obligations under the Notes against obligations owed by them to the 
Issuer. 
Notes may be subject to substitution and modification without Noteholder consent. 
To the extent that Condition 11 (Substitution and Variation) is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) as being applicable to the Notes provisions 
relating to the substitution or variation of the Notes, in certain circumstances, such as if a Capital 
Disqualification Event, an MREL Disqualification Event or a circumstance giving rise to the right of the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes for taxation reasons under Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) occurs 
and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or modify the terms of all 
(but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
to ensure that such substituted or varied Notes continue to qualify as Tier 2 Subordinated Notes or towards 
the Issuer's MREL Requirements as applicable. 
While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of the Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are materially 
less favourable to a Noteholder of such Note, there can be no assurances as to whether any of these changes

--- Page 49 ---
98042995.13 
49 
 
will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of 
holding such varied Notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp 
duty consequences for them of holding the Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
The Conditions contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors. 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Issuer may, with the consent of the Agent, but, without the consent of 
Noteholders, (i) amend the Conditions to correct a manifest error, cure any ambiguity or cure, correct or 
supplement any defective provision contained therein, or (ii) amend the Conditions in any manner which is 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of holders of such Notes, or (iii) substitute for itself another 
company as principal debtor under any Ordinary Senior Notes in place of the Issuer, as more fully described 
in Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Substitution). 
In addition, certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the Notes in the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the 
Noteholders. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in law. 
The Conditions are based on applicable law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law, Polish law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may 
provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of 
those Notes, whether directly or indirectly, for projects and activities that satisfy certain eligibility 
requirements that purport to promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes (the "Green 
Assets"). Prospective investors should have regard to the information in the applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) regarding such use of proceeds and must 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes, 
together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
In particular, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Group or any of the Dealers to investors that 
the use of such proceeds for any Green Assets will satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments is or are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard 
to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses the subject 
of, or related to, the relevant Green Assets.  
No assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Group or any of the Dealers to investors that any projects 
or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets will meet or continue to meet on an ongoing basis 
any or all investor expectations regarding "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so 
called "EU Taxonomy") or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA), or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "social" or "sustainable" or an equivalently labelled

--- Page 50 ---
98042995.13 
50 
 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green", "social" 
or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition 
or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Group or any of the Dealers to investors that 
any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such "green", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled performance objectives or 
that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of 
any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets.  
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Green Bond Framework and 
the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial 
adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of such Notes before deciding to invest. The 
Green Bond Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, 
replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description 
given in this Base Prospectus. The Green Bond Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by 
reference, in this Base Prospectus.  
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Group or any of the Dealers as to the suitability 
or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in 
particular with any Green Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For 
the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such 
opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion or certification was initially issued, and 
the criteria and/or considerations that informed the provider of such opinion or certification may change at 
any time. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications 
are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
In particular, the Bank appointed Sustainalytics B.V. to provide the Second Party Opinion in relation to the 
Green Bond Framework. The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environment-related 
considerations on the potential impact of the issue of Series of Notes linked to the Green Assets. However, 
the Second Party Opinion does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is only an opinion and not a 
statement of fact. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not intended to 
address any credit, market or other aspects of any investment in any Notes, including without limitation 
market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability to any security or any other factors that may 
affect the value of such Notes. The Second Party Opinion and any other opinion or certification is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. The 
criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion 
or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Noteholders will have no recourse against Sustainalytics B.V. 
in its capacity of a provider of the Second Party Opinion. In addition, it will not constitute an event of 
default under the terms of any Series of Notes if the Issuer fails to observe the provisions in the Green Bond 
Framework relating to the envisaged use of proceeds of such Series of Notes or the Issuer's intentions as 
regards ongoing reporting on environmental impact provided for in the Green Bond Framework. A negative 
change to, or a withdrawal of, any evaluation of the Green Bond Framework may affect the value of the 
Series of Notes linked to the Green Assets and may have consequences for certain investors mandated to 
invest in sustainable assets. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether 
or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any 
other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, 
it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any such listings or admission to trading will be obtained in 
respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained 
during the lifetime of the Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
98042995.13 
51 
 
Payment of any principal or interest in respect of such Notes will be made from the Issuer's general funds 
and will not be directly linked to the performance of any Green Assets. While it is the intention of the Issuer 
to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of any Notes issued as Green Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes), there is no contractual or regulatory obligation to do so. Additionally, no 
assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Group or any of the Dealers that, at any time, (i) any assets 
or type(s) of assets qualifying as Green Assets will be available or meet the Eligibility Criteria; (ii) any 
Green Asset will continue to meet the relevant Eligibility Criteria, or that the Issuer will be able to replace 
any Green Assets; or (iii) any Green Asset will be, or will be capable of being, implemented or completed 
in, or substantially in, the intended manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule or specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer. There may be periods when a sufficient aggregate amount of Green 
Assets is not available or has not been allocated to fully cover the proceeds of each Green Bond. 
Additionally, the maturity of any Green Asset may not match the minimum duration of any Note issued as 
a Green Bond. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no direct or contractual link between Notes issued as Green Bonds and 
the Green Assets (or any other environmental, social, governance or similar targets set by the Issuer), 
Noteholders will have no direct or indirect interest in, or recourse to, or preferred right against, any Green 
Asset, and Green Assets are not collateral for the Issuer's obligations under the Notes. Additionally, none 
of: 
• 
the occurrence of any or all of the factors described in the preceding paragraph; 
• 
a failure by the Issuer (either totally or partially) to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
issuance of any Notes issued as Green Bonds to finance, or refinance, in whole or in part, Green Assets 
as described in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes), this Base Prospectus and the Green Bond Framework; 
• 
a failure of the Issuer (either totally or partially) to evaluate, select and report on Green Assets, or to 
manage the proceeds from each Green Bond, or procure any external review and verification, each as 
described in this Base Prospectus and the Green Bond Framework; 
• 
a failure of a third party to issue (or the withdrawal by a third party of, or amendment of) an opinion 
or certification in connection with the Green Bond Framework or any Notes issued as Green Bonds 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer), and/or any such third party opinion or certification stating that 
the Issuer is not complying or fulfilling relevant criteria, in whole or in part, with respect to any matters 
for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying, and/or the amendment of any criteria 
on which such opinion or certification was given; 
• 
a failure of the Issuer to obtain or publish any report, assessment, opinion, certification and/or label 
relating to the Green Bonds;  
• 
the failure of any Note issued as a Green Bond to meet investors' expectations requirements regarding 
any "green", "ESG" or similar label(s) or characteristic(s); or  
• 
a failure of any Note issued as a Green Bond to be or continue to be listed or admitted to trading on 
any dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid, 
will (i) constitute an Event of Default under the Notes, or (ii) be a breach of contract with respect to any of 
the Notes issued as Green Bonds, or (iii) give rise to any other claim or right (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any redemption option or right to accelerate the Notes) of a holder of such Green Bonds against 
the Issuer, or (iv) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the 
Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes or 
(v) affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes as tier 2 capital instruments or MREL eligible liabilities 
(as applicable). Prospective investors should note that all MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes including if any such Notes are issued as Green Bonds, will only contain limited 
enforcement events.

--- Page 52 ---
98042995.13 
52 
 
Likewise, Green Bonds, as any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of CRR eligibility criteria 
and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, proceeds from 
Green Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities will be fully available to cover any and all losses 
arising on the balance sheet of the Issuer (in the same way as the Issuer's other instruments not classified 
as Green Bonds) regardless of their "green", "ESG" or similar label or characteristics. Their labelling as 
Green Bonds will not affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes as tier 2 capital instruments or MREL 
eligible liabilities (as applicable) and will not have any impact on their status. Furthermore, Green Bonds 
will be subject to application of the bail-in tool, to the same extent and with the same ranking as any other 
Note which is not a Green Bond. 
The occurrence of any of the above factors may cause damage to the Issuer's reputation and may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which 
are intended to finance Green Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose (which consequences may 
include the need to sell such Notes as a result of such Notes not falling within the investor's investment 
criteria or mandate). 
In addition, any such event or failure may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and 
potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Green Assets and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose.  
7. Risks related to suspension, interruption or termination of trading in the Notes 
The listing of the Notes may, depending on the rules applicable to the relevant stock exchange, be suspended 
or interrupted by the respective stock exchange or a competent regulatory authority for a number of reasons, 
including a violation of price limits, a breach of statutory provisions, the occurrence of operational problems 
involving the stock exchange or generally if deemed required in order to secure a functioning market or to 
safeguard the interests of investors. Furthermore, trading in the Notes may be terminated either upon the 
decision of the stock exchange or a regulatory authority or upon application by the Issuer. 
Because the global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as 
defined above), investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication 
with the Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more global Notes. Such global Notes 
will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper (as the case may be) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant global Note, investors will 
not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records 
of the beneficial interests in the global Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes are represented by one or 
more global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments 
to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account 
holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility 
or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the global 
Notes. 
Noteholders of beneficial interests in the global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Clearing system risk of discontinuance. 
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the global Notes will be conducted in accordance with 
the normal rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are under no obligation to perform or to continue to perform such procedures, 
and such procedures may be discontinued at any time.

--- Page 53 ---
98042995.13 
53 
 
Secondary market sales of interests in the global Notes may be conducted in accordance with the normal 
rules and operating procedures of the domestic clearing system, or interests in the global Notes may be 
transferred to a direct or indirect participant of another clearing system in accordance with the standard 
arrangements for such cross-market transfers. None of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
Clearing System is under any obligation to perform or to continue to perform such procedures, and such 
procedures may be discontinued at any time. 
Any such discontinuance could have a material adverse effect on an investor's holding of Notes or his or 
her ability to resell the Notes in the secondary market. 
The Notes may be delisted, which may materially affect an investor's ability to resell. 
Any Notes that are listed on any listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system may be delisted. If 
any Notes are delisted, the Issuer is obliged to endeavour promptly to obtain an alternative listing. Although 
no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing on any listing authority, stock 
exchange or quotation system, delisting the Notes may have a material adverse effect on a Noteholder's 
ability to resell the Notes in the secondary market. 
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his or 
her account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in bearer 
form in respect of such holding (should such Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes in bearer form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
8. Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his or her Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he or she will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his or her holding. In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on

--- Page 54 ---
98042995.13 
54 
 
the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or an issue of Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. In the event a rating assigned to the Notes and/or the Issuer is lowered for any reason, 
the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected, but no person or entity is obliged to provide any 
additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) NO. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") or (2) provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies 
as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation") or (2) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
If the status of a credit agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.

--- Page 55 ---
98042995.13 
55 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes "forward-looking statements". All statements other than statements of 
historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer's 
financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-
looking statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such 
as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" 
and similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions. 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which 
may cause the actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results to be materially different 
from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not 
limited to, the following: 
• 
economic and financial market conditions, in particular, the Polish and European economies; 
• 
negative occurrences in the markets in which the Issuer's loan portfolio is concentrated; 
• 
volatility in interest rates; 
• 
a downgrade in the Polish Republic's or the Issuer's credit ratings; 
• 
operational risk; 
• 
credit and counterparty risk; 
• 
liquidity risk and adverse capital and credit market conditions; 
• 
the Issuer's inability to manage risks through derivatives; 
• 
the occurrence of catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events; 
• 
significant adverse regulatory developments; 
• 
an interruption, failure or breach of the Issuer's operational system including the Issuer's IT systems 
and other systems on which it depends; 
• 
the ineffectiveness of the Issuer's risk management policies and procedures; and 
• 
failure to deliver by third parties to which the Issuer has outsourced certain functions. 
The Issuer's risks are more specifically described under "Risk Factors". If one or more of these risks or 
uncertainties materialise, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, the Issuer's actual results, 
performance or achievements or industry results may be materially different from any future results, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's present and future business 
strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future. These forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus (or any supplement hereto) or as of such earlier 
date at which such statements are expressed to be given. The Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or 
undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein 
(or in any supplement) to reflect any change in the Issuer's expectations with regard thereto or any change 
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 56 ---
98042995.13 
56 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are, where indicated, 
free translations into English from the original Polish language documents. To the extent that there are any 
inconsistencies between the originals and the translations, the originals shall prevail. The Issuer takes 
responsibility for such translations. The information set out in the table below shall be deemed to be 
incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the condensed interim consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six months ended 30 
June 2024 (the "H1 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements"), which constitute a free 
translation from the Polish version into the English language and can be viewed online at: 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/wyniki-
finansowe/2024/consolidated-financial-report-of-mbank-sa-group-for-h1-2024.pdf: 
(a) 
condensed consolidated income statement (page 7); 
(b) 
condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 8); 
(c) 
condensed consolidated statement of financial position (page 9); 
(d) 
condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 10); 
(e) 
condensed consolidated statement of cash flows (page 11); and 
(f) 
explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements and selected explanatory 
information (pages 12 to 77 inclusive). 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list 
above is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus; 
2. 
the independent registered auditor's report on the review of the H1 2024 Consolidated Financial 
Statements, which constitutes a free translation from the Polish version into the English language 
and 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-
inwestorskie/wyniki-finansowe/2024/auditors-report-mbank-sa-group-h1-2024.pdf; 
3. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(the "2023 Consolidated Financial Statements"), included in the consolidated annual report of 
the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023, which constitute a free translation from the Polish 
version into the English language and can be viewed online at: https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-
korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/wyniki-finansowe/2023/mbank-group-consolidated-ifrs-
financial-statements-2023.pdf: 
(a) 
consolidated income statement (page 5); 
(b) 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 6); 
(c) 
consolidated statement of financial position (page 7); 
(d) 
consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 8); 
(e) 
consolidated statement of cash flows (page 9); and 
(f) 
explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements (pages 10 to 166 inclusive). 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list 
above is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere 
in the Base Prospectus; 
4. 
the independent registered auditor's report on the audit of the 2023 Consolidated Financial 
Statements, which constitutes a free translation from the Polish version into the English language 
and 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-
inwestorskie/wyniki-finansowe/2023/mbank-independent-auditor-report-consolidated-2023.pdf;

--- Page 57 ---
98042995.13 
57 
 
5. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(the "2022 Consolidated Financial Statements"), included in the consolidated annual report of 
the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022, which constitute a free translation from the Polish 
version into the English language and can be viewed online at: https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-
korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/wyniki-finansowe/2022/mbank-group-consolidated-ifrs-
financial-statements-2022.pdf: 
(a) 
consolidated income statement (page 5); 
(b) 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 6); 
(c) 
consolidated statement of financial position (page 7); 
(d) 
consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 8); 
(e) 
consolidated statement of cash flows (page 9); and 
(f) 
explanatory notes to the consolidated financial statements (pages 10 to 173 inclusive). 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list 
above is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere 
in the Base Prospectus; 
6. 
the independent registered auditor's report on the audit of the 2022 Consolidated Financial 
Statements, which constitutes a free translation from the Polish version into the English language 
and 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-
inwestorskie/wyniki-finansowe/2022/mbank-independent-auditor-report-consolidated-2022.pdf; 
7. 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 98 to 153 inclusive of the base prospectus 
relating to the Programme dated 28 November 2022 (the "2022 Conditions") which can be viewed 
online at: https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/ratingi-instrumenty-
dluzne/mbank-emtn-u22-base-prospectus-final.pdf; 
8. 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 96 to 146 inclusive of the base prospectus 
relating to the Programme dated 25 August 2021 (the "2021 Conditions") which can be viewed 
online at: https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/ratingi-instrumenty-
dluzne/base-prospectus-25-august-2021-euro-medium-term-note-programme.pdf; and 
9. 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 108 to 147 inclusive of the base 
prospectus relating to the Programme dated 28 March 2019 (the "2019 Conditions") which can be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.mbank.pl/pdf/msp-korporacje/relacje-inwestorskie/ratingi-
instrumenty-dluzne/prospekt-emisyjny-z-28-marca-2019-emtn.pdf. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for the investor 
or covered in another part of the Base Prospectus. If the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus itself incorporates any information or other documents therein, either expressly or implicitly, 
such information or other documents will not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in London and 
Luxembourg. The documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will also be available from 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
For at least ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus, a copy of any document containing the 
information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the Issuer's website at 
https://www.mbank.pl/en/investor-relations/financial-results/. For the avoidance of doubt, unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the Issuer's 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 58 ---
98042995.13 
58 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
The financial information relating to the Group included in this Base Prospectus is consolidated information 
in respect of the Group and has, unless otherwise indicated, been extracted from (i) the 2023 Consolidated 
Financial Statements, (ii) 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and (iii) the H1 2024 Condensed 
Consolidated Financial Statements (together, the "Financial Statements"). Further, unless otherwise 
indicated, (i) information as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 has been extracted from 
the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements and (ii) information as of and for the half year ended 30 June 
2023 has been extracted from the H1 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements, in each case, where such 
information is presented for comparative purposes. The Group publishes its financial statements in PLN. 
The Group's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year 
are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. 
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the European Union. The H1 2024 Condensed Consolidated Financial 
Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard ("IAS") 34 "Interim 
Financial Reporting" as adopted by the European Union. 
Reclassification of certain comparative data 
Certain financial information (i) as of 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022 and for the year ended 31 
December 2022 presented in the comparative columns in the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements and 
(ii) as of 1 January 2023 and 30 June 2023 and for the first half of 2023 ended 30 June 2023 presented in 
the comparative columns in the H1 2024 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements has been restated. 
For details relating to the restatements and the impact of adjustments applied to this comparative financial 
information, see Note 2.26 of the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements and Note 2 of the H1 2024 
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Alternative performance measures 
This Base Prospectus includes certain data which the Issuer considers to constitute alternative performance 
measures ("APMs") for the purposes of the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. 
These APMs are not defined by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. The APMs are not measurements 
of the Issuer’s operating performance under IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to any 
measures of performance under IFRS or as measures of the Issuer’s liquidity. 
APM 
Definition 
Net other operating income 
Other operating income less other operating expenses. 
Total income ......................  
Calculated as the sum of net interest income, net fee and commission 
income, dividend income, net trading income, other income, other 
operating income and other operating expenses.  
 
Other income comprises gains or losses on derecognition of financial 
assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss and 
gains or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss related to equity instruments and debt securities 
(without loans and advances).  
Total income per employee 
Calculated by dividing total income by the average number of Full-time 
Equivalents ("FTEs"). The average number of FTEs is calculated on the 
basis of FTE as at the beginning of the year and at the end of each 
quarter.

--- Page 59 ---
98042995.13 
59 
 
APM 
Definition 
ROE gross (Return on 
equity gross) ......................  
Calculated by dividing profit/loss before income tax by the average 
equity attributable to Owners of the Bank. The average equity is 
calculated on the basis of the balances as at the end of each month. 
Profit/loss before income tax is annualised based on the number of days 
in the analysed period (the annualisation ratio is calculated as the 
quotient of the number of days in a year and the number of days in the 
analysed period). 
ROE net (Return on equity 
net) 
Calculated by dividing net profit/loss attributable to Owners of the Bank 
by the average equity attributable to Owners of the Bank. The average 
equity is calculated on the basis of the balances as at the end of each 
month. Net profit/loss attributable to the Owners of the Bank is 
annualised based on the number of days in the analysed period (the 
annualisation ratio is calculated as the quotient of the number of days in 
a year and the number of days in the analysed period). 
ROA net (Return on assets 
net) .....................................  
Calculated by dividing net profit/loss attributable to Owners of the Bank 
by the average total assets. The average total assets are calculated on the 
basis of the balances as at the end of each month. Net profit/loss 
attributable to Owners of the Bank is annualised based on the number of 
days in the analysed period (the annualisation ratio is calculated as the 
quotient of the number of days in a year and the number of days in the 
analysed period). 
Cost to income ratio (C/I)  .  
 
Calculated by dividing overhead costs and depreciation by total income 
comprising net interest income, net fee and commission income, 
dividend income, net trading income, other income, other operating 
income and other operating expenses.  
Other income comprises gains or losses on derecognition of financial 
assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss and 
gains or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss related to equity instruments and debt securities 
(without loans and advances). 
Net interest margin (NIM) .  
Calculated by dividing net interest income by average interest-earning 
assets. Net interest income excludes gains or losses on modification. 
Interest-earning assets are a sum of cash and balances with the Central 
Bank, loans and advances to banks, debt securities (in all valuation 
methods) and loans and advances to customers (net; in all valuation 
methods). The average interest-earning assets are calculated on the basis 
of the balances as at the end of each month. Net interest income is 
annualised based on the number of days in the analysed period (the 
annualisation ratio is calculated as the quotient of the number of days in 
a year and the number of days in the analysed period). 
NPL ratio (Non-performing 
loans ratio) .........................  
Calculated by dividing a sum of the gross carrying value of loans and 
advances to customers at amortised cost with impairment (stage 3 and 
POCI) and the gross carrying value of loans and advances mandatorily 
at fair value through profit or loss in default by the total (gross) loans 
and advances to customers.

--- Page 60 ---
98042995.13 
60 
 
APM 
Definition 
NPL ratio – corporate 
portfolio .............................  
Calculated by dividing a sum of the gross carrying value of loans and 
advances to corporate customers at amortised cost with impairment 
(stage 3 and POCI) and the gross carrying value of loans and advances 
to corporate customers mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss in 
default by the total (gross) loans and advances to corporate customers 
excluding reverse repo/ buy/-sell-back transactions. 
NPL ratio of mortgage loan 
portfolio 
to 
private 
individuals in Poland .........  
Calculated by dividing the gross carrying value of mortgage loans to 
private individuals in Poland with recognised impairment by the total 
(gross) mortgage loans to private individuals in Poland. The mortgage 
loan portfolio is measured at amortised cost. 
NPL ratio of mortgage loan 
portfolio in PLN to private 
individuals in Poland .........  
Calculated by dividing the gross carrying value of mortgage loans in 
PLN to private individuals in Poland with recognised impairment by the 
total (gross) mortgage loans in PLN to private individuals in Poland. The 
mortgage loan portfolio is measured at amortised cost 
NPL ratio – retail portfolio  
Calculated by dividing a sum of the gross carrying value of loans and 
advances to retail customers at amortised cost with impairment (stage 3 
and POCI) and the gross carrying value of loans and advances to retail 
customers mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss in default by 
the total (gross) loans and advances to retail customers. 
NPL Coverage ratio ...........  
Calculated by dividing a sum of accumulated impairment allowances for 
loans and advances to customers at amortised cost with impairment 
(stage 3 and POCI) and accumulated impairment allowances for loans 
and advances to customers mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss in default by a sum of the gross carrying value of loans and advances 
to customers at amortised cost with impairment (stage 3 and POCI) and 
the gross carrying value of loans and advances mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss in default. 
Cost of risk ........................  
Calculated by dividing a sum of impairment or reversal of impairment 
on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss and 
gains or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss related to loans and advances to customers by the 
average net loans and advances to customers (the sum of loans and 
advances to customers recognised in: financial assets measured at 
amortised cost, non-trading financial assets mandatorily measured at fair 
value through profit or loss and financial assets held for trading). The 
average net loans and advances are calculated on the basis of the 
balances as at the beginning of the year and at the end of each quarter. 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured 
at fair value through profit or loss and gains or losses on non-trading 
financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss related to 
loans and advances to customers are annualised based on the number of 
quarters in the analysed period (the annualisation ratio is calculated as 
the quotient of the number of quarters in a year and the number of 
quarters in the analysed period). 
Loan-to-deposit ratio .........  
Calculated by dividing net loans and advances to customers by amounts 
due to customers. Net loans and advances to customers are calculated as 
a sum of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, loans and 
advances to customers mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss 
and loans in financial assets held for trading.

--- Page 61 ---
98042995.13 
61 
 
APM 
Definition 
Equity to assets ..................  
Calculated by dividing total equity by total assets. 
Total Capital Ratio  
(TCR) ................................  
Calculated by dividing the own funds (the sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 
capital) by the Total Risk Exposure Amount. 
Tier 1 capital ratio .............  
Calculated by dividing the Tier 1 capital by the Total Risk Exposure 
Amount. 
The Issuer believes that the above measures provide useful information to investors for the purposes of 
evaluating the financial condition and results of operations of the Group, the quality of its assets and the 
fundamentals of its business. 
In particular: 
(i) 
the ratios presented by the Issuer are aimed at quantifying certain aspects of the Issuer's business 
and its strengths within the context of the Polish banking system; and 
(ii) 
the APMs, although not required by law in the preparation of financial statements, allow for 
comparisons with other banks, over different periods of time and between the Issuer and the 
average industry standards.

--- Page 62 ---
98042995.13 
62 
 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes 
and which arises during the validity period specified below, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner that would make this Base Prospectus, 
as supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new Base Prospectus or supplement will be prepared. 
If, at any time following the publication of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer shall be required to prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer shall 
prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus as required by Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise), be deemed to modify statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified shall not, except as so 
modified, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes 
or material inaccuracies will not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. For this purpose, 
"valid" means valid for making admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the consent of the 
Issuer and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus is only required within its period of validity 
between the time when this Base Prospectus is approved and the time when trading on a regulated market 
begins, whichever occurs later.

--- Page 63 ---
98042995.13 
63 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note 
(a "Temporary Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
"Permanent Global Note" and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a "Global Note") which, in 
either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that 
the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for definitive Notes of 
the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect 
any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event 
of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the Issuer 
has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced 
an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is 
available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)

--- Page 64 ---
98042995.13 
64 
 
if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global 
Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 
days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and interest coupons 
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes): 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined herein), the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche 
of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point 
after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common 
code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche 
of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall 
not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act, "Regulation S") applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 (Event 
of Default). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global 
Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions and payment 
in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note, then the 
Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on the day immediately following such day. At 
the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to 
the terms of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated on or about 13 September 2024 and 
executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 65 ---
98042995.13 
65 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Form of Final Terms for an issue by mBank S.A. under the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme. 
(Option – Include if any stabilisation) 
[In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in these Final Terms 
may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a 
level higher than the price that might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. 
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.] 
(End of option) 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to, be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97]/[the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]1 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
 
1 
Legend to be included unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable".

--- Page 66 ---
98042995.13 
66 
 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in [Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[UK MiFIR]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.].] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]2  
[Date] 
FINAL TERMS 
mBank S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 259400DZXF7UJKK2AY35 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis 
that any offer of Notes in any member state of the European Economic Area (each, a "Member State") 
will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that 
Member State of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any [Manager/Dealer] to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation or a 
supplement to a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any [Manager/Dealer] has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making 
of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
(Option A – The following legend applies if the first Tranche of the Series of Notes is issued under the 
current base prospectus) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 13 September 2024 [, as 
supplemented by the supplement(s) to it dated [•]] (the "Base Prospectus") issued in relation to the 
 
2 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Bank to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 67 ---
98042995.13 
67 
 
€3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of mBank S.A. which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus (including 
any supplements thereto) in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of 
a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.] 
(Option B – The following legend applies if the first Tranche of the Series of Notes is issued under a 
previous base prospectus) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [[2022]/[2021]/[2019]] 
Conditions (the "Conditions") incorporated by reference in, and form part of the base prospectus dated 13 
September 2024 [, as supplemented by the supplement(s) to it dated [•]] (the "Base Prospectus") issued in 
relation to the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of mBank S.A. which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information, 
save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and 
the supplement(s) to it dated [•]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.] 
(End of options A and B) 
The Base Prospectus [and copies of the [[2022][2021]/[2019]] Conditions] [is/are] available for viewing at 
the investor relations section of the Issuer's website, https://www.mbank.pl/en/investor-relations/ratings-
debt-instruments/issue-programs.html, and at the offices of the Paying Agents specified in the Base 
Prospectus. Copies may, upon oral or written request, also be obtained from the Paying Agents. 
These Final Terms do not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation by 
anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it 
is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation; and no action is being taken to permit an offering of the Notes 
or the distribution of these Final Terms in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is specified for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs, 
save in respect of the items in Part B, which may be deleted in accordance with the relevant footnotes. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 21 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 68 ---
98042995.13 
68 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – [specify date]/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month]]  
(Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have a maturity of 
not less than five years or as otherwise permitted in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations 
in force at the relevant time.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[[•] month [EURIBOR/PRIBOR/ 
WIBOR/SONIA/SONIA Compounded Index/ 
SOFR/SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
+/- [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]/[17] below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed at par on 
the Maturity Date 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [14]/[15] applies and for the period from 
(and including) [date] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date, paragraph [14]/[15] applies][Not 
Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
Issuer Call pursuant to Condition 7.6 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) is

--- Page 69 ---
98042995.13 
69 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [See paragraph 18 
below] 
 
 
Clean-up 
Call 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
7.7 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-up 
Call)) is [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Investor Put pursuant to Condition 7.8 (Redemption 
at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [See paragraph 19 
below] 
 
 
Issuer Call – Capital Disqualification Event 
pursuant to Condition 7.3 (Early Redemption due to 
Capital Disqualification Event) is [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
Issuer Call – MREL Disqualification Event 
pursuant to Condition 7.4 (Early Redemption due to 
MREL Disqualification Event) is [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior 
Notes–Ordinary 
Senior 
Notes/Senior 
Notes–MREL Senior Notes/Senior Notes–Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes/Subordinated Notes–Senior 
Subordinated Notes/Subordinated Notes–Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes] 
(a) 
Senior: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(i) 
Status: 
[Ordinary 
Senior 
Notes/MREL 
Senior 
Notes/Senior Non-Preferred Notes]  
(ii) 
Events of Default: 
[Condition 10.1 (Events of Default relating to 
Ordinary Senior Notes) applies / Condition 10.3 
(Events of Default relating to MREL Senior Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated 
Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) applies] 
(b) 
Subordinated: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(i) 
Status: 
[Senior Subordinated Notes/Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes]  
13.  
Date of [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[•] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular Tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 70 ---
98042995.13 
70 
 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form.) 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form.) 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
("Specified 
Period" 
and 
"Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates" are alternatives. A "Specified 
Period", rather than "Specified Interest Payment 
Dates", will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the Floating Rate Convention. 
Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[[•] 
shall 
be 
the 
Calculation 
Agent]/[Not 
Applicable] 3 
 
3 
Confirm with Agent whether it will act as Calculation Agent. See Clause 8.1(a) of the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 71 ---
98042995.13 
71 
 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] 
[EURIBOR/PRIBOR/ 
WIBOR/SONIA/ SONIA Compounded Index/ 
SOFR/ SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
 
(ii) 
Observation Method:  
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Lag Period:  
[5/[•] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London 
Banking 
Days/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5/[•] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days 
/Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
(v) 
D: 
[360/365/[•]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Index Determination – 
SONIA 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place:  
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in these Final 
Terms, this will be the fifth decimal place) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Number of 
London 
Banking 
Days:  
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in these Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
(vii) 
Index Determination – 
SOFR  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place:  
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in these Final 
Terms, this will be the fifth decimal place) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Number of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days:  
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in these Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5)

--- Page 72 ---
98042995.13 
72 
 
 
(viii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ (select where Interest Determination Date 
has the meaning specified in Condition 5.2(e), 
Condition 5.2(f), Condition 5.2(g), Condition 
5.2(h)) 
[•] 
[London 
Banking 
Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/TARGET 
Settlement Days] prior to each Interest Payment 
Date] 
(Second Prague business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if PRIBOR, second Warsaw 
business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if WIBOR, the second day on which T2 is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR)  
 
(ix) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(x) 
Relevant Time 
[•] 
 
 
(xi) 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation:  
[Not Applicable / Condition 5.4(a) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation – Independent Adviser) applies/ 
Condition 5.4(b) (Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC) applies] 
 
If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SONIA" 
or 
"SONIA 
Compounded 
Index", 
Condition 5.4(a) 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
Independent 
Adviser) should be specified as applicable. 
 
If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SOFR" or "SOFR Compounded Index" for U.S. 
Dollars, Condition 5.4(b) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) should be 
specified as applicable.) 
 
 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(ii) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
(iv) 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(b)] above and as specified 
in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
(v) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days]

--- Page 73 ---
98042995.13 
73 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Applicable Business Days]] 
 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback: 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[•]/Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout: 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Applicable Business Days]] 
 
(vii) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift: 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]] 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum

--- Page 74 ---
98042995.13 
74 
 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(See Condition 5 for alternatives) 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] [Actual/365] 
17. 
Reset Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest:  
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] up to (and including) [•] 
 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment 
in accordance with paragraph 17(p)] 
 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 17(p)] 
 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 17(p)]] 
 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] [and [•]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with paragraph 17(p)] 
 
(j) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(k) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Reference Bond Rate / Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(n) 
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
(o) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 75 ---
98042995.13 
75 
 
 
(p) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Basis: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(q) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
(r) 
Reset Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year / The provisions in the Conditions 
apply] 
 
(s) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[•] 
 
(t) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(u) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Determination Agent: 
[•] 
 
(w) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR/PRIBOR/ 
WIBOR/SONIA/ SONIA Compounded Index/ 
SOFR/ SOFR Compounded Index] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [60] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, 
as 
well 
as 
any 
other 
notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
20. 
Clean-up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Clean-up 
Call 
Minimum 
Percentage: 
[As per Condition 7.7/specify] 
 
(b) 
Clean-up Call Option Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [•] days 
Maximum period: [•] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example,

--- Page 76 ---
98042995.13 
76 
 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call ) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
 
 
(d) 
Clean-up Call Effective Date: 
[•] 
(Only applicable to Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
or Put Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
(N.B When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, 
as 
well 
as 
any 
other 
notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
22. 
Capital 
Disqualification 
Event 
in 
respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount (Capital 
Disqualification Event): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Condition 7.3 not 
Applicable] 
23. 
MREL Disqualification Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount (MREL 
Disqualification Event): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Par], [[•] per Calculation Amount] 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]

--- Page 77 ---
98042995.13 
77 
 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purpose of calculating the amount of interest 
to which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made]/[No.] 
 
29. 
Waiver of Set-Off: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
30. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 78 ---
98042995.13 
78 
 
 
SIGNED on behalf of mBank S.A.: 
 
 
 
By:  .....................................................................  
By:  ...................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 79 ---
98042995.13 
79 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the [Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and admitted 
to trading on the [Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect from [•].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
and admitted to trading on the [Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect from 
[•].] 
 
[[The [name of original Series of Notes] issued on 
[date of issue of original Series of Notes] listed on 
the [Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] and were admitted to trading on the 
[Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] on [•].] (Include where documenting a 
fungible issue)  
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•]  
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated [•] by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and details 
of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[[•] is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). [As of the date of these Final Terms, [•] appears on the list of 
registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website www.esma.europa.eu]. [The rating [•] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ 
[[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 2 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[[•] is established in the EEA and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant competent authority/European 
Securities and Markets Authority]. [As of the date of these Final Terms, [•] appears on the list 
of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website www.esma.europa.eu]. [The rating [•]

--- Page 80 ---
98042995.13 
80 
 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating 
it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[[•] is established in the EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [As of the date of 
these Final Terms, [•] appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA 
website www.esma.europa.eu.] [The rating [•] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which 
is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] [[•] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 – CRA established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and details 
of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the EEA 
or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
[[•] is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As of the date of these Final Terms, [•] 
appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the FCA website 
www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-ratingagencies/registered-certified-cras. [The rating [•] has 
given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by [•], which is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating 
it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
Option 5 – CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the UK 
CRA Regulation 
[[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by [•], which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")] [and] [[•], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018]].

--- Page 81 ---
98042995.13 
81 
 
Option 6 – CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under 
the CRA Regulation (EU) or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation 
[[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK but is certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended [(the "EU CRA Regulation")] [and] [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]. 
Option 7 – CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
[[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in either the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business./[•]./Not Applicable.]] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be 
used by the Bank for general corporate purposes.]/ 
 
[An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of an issue 
of the Notes (being Green Bonds) will be used in 
accordance with the Group's Green Bond Framework 
(as defined and further described in the section of the 
Base 
Prospectus 
entitled 
"Green 
Bond 
Framework")]/ [•] 
 
(If reasons for offer different from what is disclosed 
in "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus, give 
detail) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]. 
(If applicable, include breakdown of expenses) 
(iv) 
Green Bond 
[Yes/Not Applicable]

--- Page 82 ---
98042995.13 
82 
 
(A) Second Party Opinion 
Provider: 
[Sustainalytics B.V.]/[•] 
(B) Date of Second Party 
Opinion: 
[2 September 2024]/[•] 
5. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes/Reset Notes only)] 
Indication of yield: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[•], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) [or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/Not Applicable/[other]]. 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[•], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) [or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/Not Applicable//[other]]. 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable"). 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible

--- Page 83 ---
98042995.13 
83 
 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra- 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
• 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
• 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[•] 
• 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[give names]] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[give name]] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(v) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
8. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Bank confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]

--- Page 84 ---
98042995.13 
84 
 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in 
italics does not form part of the form of the Pricing Supplement but denotes directions for completing the 
Pricing Supplement. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE 
"PROSPECTUS REGULATION") FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW AND THE 
LUXEMBOURG COMMISSION DE SURVEILLANCE DU SECTEUR FINANCIER (IN ITS 
CAPACITY AS COMPETENT AUTHORITY UNDER THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION) HAS 
NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED INFORMATION RELATING TO THE NOTES 
DESCRIBED BELOW CONTAINED IN THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT. 
(Option – Include if any stabilisation) 
[In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in this Pricing 
Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than the price that might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action 
or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf 
of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.] 
(End of option)  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
[Directive (EU) 2016/97/the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail

--- Page 85 ---
98042995.13 
85 
 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in [Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[UK MiFIR]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.].] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]5  
[Date] 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
mBank S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 259400DZXF7UJKK2AY35 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer or any [Manager/Dealer] to publish a prospectus or supplement to a 
prospectus pursuant the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
 
 
4 
Include these legends if the Notes are or may constituted "packaged" products and no key information document (KID) required 
by the PRIIPs Regulation and UK PRIIPs Regulation has been prepared. Omit if the Instruments clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products for the purposes of the PRIIPs Regulation and UK PRIIPs Regulation or a key information document (KID) 
has been prepared. 
5 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Bank to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 86 ---
98042995.13 
86 
 
(Option A – The following legend applies if the first Tranche of the Series of Notes is issued under the 
current base prospectus) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 13 September 2024 [, as 
supplemented by the supplement(s) to it dated [•]] (the "Base Prospectus") issued in relation to the 
€3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of mBank S.A. which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus.] 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus (including any supplements thereto) in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of 
a combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus.] 
(Option B – The following legend applies if the first Tranche of the Series of Notes is issued under a 
previous base prospectus) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [[2022][2021]/[2019]] 
Conditions (the "Conditions") incorporated by reference in, and form part of the base prospectus dated 13 
September 2024 [, as supplemented by the supplement(s) to it dated [•]] (the "Base Prospectus") issued in 
relation to the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of mBank S.A. which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus. This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described 
herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original 
date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [•]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus.] 
(End of options A and B) 
The Base Prospectus [and copies of the [[2022][2021]/[2019]] Conditions] [is/are] available for viewing at 
the investor relations section of the Issuer's website, https://www.mbank.pl/en/investor-relations/ratings-
debt-instruments/issue-programs.html, and at the offices of the Paying Agents specified in the Base 
Prospectus. Copies may, upon oral or written request, also be obtained from the Paying Agents. 
This Pricing Supplement does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom 
it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation; and no action is being taken to permit an offering of the 
Notes or the distribution of this Pricing Supplement in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is specified for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs, 
save in respect of the items in Part B, which may be deleted in accordance with the relevant footnotes. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 21 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 87 ---
98042995.13 
87 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
(Senior Non-Preferred Notes must have a 
minimum denomination of PLN 400,000 (or 
equivalent)) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed 
rate 
– 
[specify 
date]/ 
Floating rate – Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month]] 
(Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have a maturity 
of not less than five years or as otherwise 
permitted in accordance with Applicable Banking 
Regulations in force at the relevant time.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[[•] 
month 
[EURIBOR/ 
PRIBOR/ 
WIBOR/SONIA/SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/SOFR/SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
+/- [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[specify other] 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]/[17]/[•] below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed at par on 
[the Maturity Date]/[•] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) 
[date] paragraph [14]/[15] applies and for the 
period from (and including) [date] to (but

--- Page 88 ---
98042995.13 
88 
 
excluding) the Maturity Date, paragraph [14]/[15] 
applies] [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
Issuer Call pursuant to Condition 7.6 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [See paragraph 18 
below] 
 
 
Clean-up Call pursuant to Condition 7.7 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-
up Call)) is [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Investor 
Put 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
7.8 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
(Investor Put)) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [See paragraph 19 
below] 
 
 
Issuer Call – Capital Disqualification Event 
pursuant to Condition 7.3 (Early Redemption due 
to 
Capital 
Disqualification 
Event) 
is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Issuer Call – MREL Disqualification Event 
pursuant to Condition 7.4 (Early Redemption due 
to 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event) 
is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes-Ordinary Senior Notes/Senior 
Notes-MREL Senior Notes/Senior Notes–Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes/Subordinated Notes–Senior 
Subordinated Notes/Subordinated Notes–Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes] 
(a) 
Senior: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(i) 
Status: 
[Ordinary 
Senior 
Notes/MREL 
Senior 
Notes/Senior Non-Preferred Notes]  
(ii) 
Events of Default: 
[Condition 10.1 (Events of Default relating to 
Ordinary Senior Notes) applies / Condition 10.3 
(Events of Default relating to MREL Senior Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated 
Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) applies] 
(b) 
Subordinated: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(i) 
Status: 
[Senior Subordinated Notes/Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes]  
13. 
Date of [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[•] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
Tranche of Notes)

--- Page 89 ---
98042995.13 
89 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
("Specified Period" and "Specified Interest 
Payment Dates" are alternatives. A "Specified 
Period", rather than "Specified Interest Payment 
Dates", will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the Floating Rate Convention. 
Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[[•] shall be the Calculation Agent]/[Not 
Applicable]6 
 
6 
Confirm with Agent whether it will act as Calculation Agent. See Clause 8.1(a) of the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 90 ---
98042995.13 
90 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] 
[EURIBOR/PRIBOR/ 
WIBOR/SONIA/ SONIA Compounded Index/ 
SOFR/ SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
(ii) 
Observation Method:  
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Lag Period:  
[5/[•] 
TARGET 
Settlement 
Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5/[•] 
TARGET 
Settlement 
Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
(v) 
D: 
[360/365/[•]] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Index Determination – 
SONIA 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Relevant Decimal 
Place:  
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in this Pricing 
Supplement, it will be the fifth decimal place) 
• 
Relevant Number 
of London 
Banking Days:  
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in this Pricing 
Supplement, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
(vii) 
Index Determination – 
SOFR  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Relevant Decimal 
Place:  
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in this Pricing 
Supplement, it will be the fifth decimal place) 
• 
Relevant Number 
of U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days:  
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in this Pricing 
Supplement, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
(viii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ (select where Interest Determination 
Date has the meaning specified in Condition 
5.2(e), Condition 5.2(f), Condition 5.2(g), 
Condition 5.2(h)) [•] [London Banking Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/TARGET 
Settlement Days] prior to each Interest Payment 
Date] 
(Second Prague business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if PRIBOR, second Warsaw 
business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if WIBOR, the second day on which T2 is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR)  
(ix) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
(x) 
Relevant Time 
[•]

--- Page 91 ---
98042995.13 
91 
 
(xi) 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation:  
[Not Applicable / Condition 5.4(a) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation – Independent Adviser) applies/ 
Condition 5.4(b) (Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC) applies] 
 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes 
is "SONIA" or "SONIA Compounded Index", 
Condition 5.4(a) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent 
Adviser) should be specified as applicable. 
 
If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes 
is "SOFR" or "SOFR Compounded Index" for 
U.S. Dollars, Condition 5.4(b) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) should be 
specified as applicable.) 
 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(ii) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where 
the Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
(iv) 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(b)] above and as specified 
in the ISDA Definitions] 
(v) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
• 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Applicable Business Days]] 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
• 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback: 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days]

--- Page 92 ---
98042995.13 
92 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [[•]/Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout: 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Applicable Business Days]] 
(vii) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift: 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]] 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(See Condition 5 for alternatives) 
(m) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the Conditions: 
[•] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[•]

--- Page 93 ---
98042995.13 
93 
 
 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] [Actual/365] 
17. 
Reset Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest:  
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on 
each Interest Payment Date] up to (and 
including) [•] 
 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to 
adjustment in accordance with paragraph 17(p)] 
 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 17(p)] 
 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 17(p)]] 
 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] [and [•]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with paragraph 17(p)] 
 
(j) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(k) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Reference Bond Rate / Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(n) 
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
(o) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(p) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Basis: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(q) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
 
(r) 
Reset Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year / The provisions in the 
Conditions apply] 
 
(s) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[•] 
 
(t) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business

--- Page 94 ---
98042995.13 
94 
 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(u) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Determination Agent: 
[•] 
 
(w) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR/PRIBOR/WIBOR/SONIA/ SONIA 
Compounded Index/ SOFR/ SOFR Compounded 
Index] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [60] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the 
practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of five clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Agent) 
20. 
Clean-up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Clean-up Call Minimum 
Percentage: 
[As per Condition 7.7/specify] 
(b) 
Clean-up Call Option Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [•] days 
Maximum period: [•] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of five clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call ) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Agent.)

--- Page 95 ---
98042995.13 
95 
 
(d) 
Clean-up Call Effective Date: 
[•] 
(Only applicable to Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) or 
Put Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
 
(N.B When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
22. 
Capital Disqualification Event in respect of 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Capital Disqualification Event): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Condition 7.3 not 
Applicable] 
23. 
MREL Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(MREL Disqualification Event): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Par], [[•] per Calculation Amount] 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]]

--- Page 96 ---
98042995.13 
96 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purpose of calculating the amount of 
interest to which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made]/[No.] 
29. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
30. 
Waiver of Set-Off: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
31. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
SIGNED on behalf of mBank S.A.: 
 
 
 
By:  .................................................................... 
By:  ...................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 97 ---
98042995.13 
97 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be listed on [specify market – note this should not 
be a regulated market] with effect from [•].] [Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated [•] by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
Option 1 – CRA established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and details 
of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). [As of the date of this Pricing Supplement, [•] appears on the list 
of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website www.esma.europa.eu.] [The rating [•] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating 
it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the CRA Regulation but has applied 
for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is established in the EEA and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant competent authority/European 
Securities and Markets Authority]. [As of the date of this Pricing Supplement, [•] appears on the 
list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website www.esma.europa.eu.] [The rating 
[•] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation

--- Page 98 ---
98042995.13 
98 
 
[•] is established in the EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [As of the date of 
this Pricing Supplement, [•] appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA 
website www.esma.europa.eu]. [The rating [•] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which 
is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[•] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and details 
of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the EEA 
or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
[•] is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As of the date of this Pricing 
Supplement, [•] appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the FCA website 
www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-ratingagencies/registered-certified-cras. [The rating [•] has 
given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by [•], which is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating 
it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
Option 5 – CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the UK 
CRA Regulation 
[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by [•], which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") [and] [[•], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018]]. 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under 
the CRA Regulation (EU) or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK but is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended [(the "EU CRA Regulation")] [and] [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018]. 
Option 7 – CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is

--- Page 99 ---
98042995.13 
99 
 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in either the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE  
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business./[•]./Not Applicable.]] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be 
used by the Bank for general corporate purposes.]/ 
 
[An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of an issue 
of the Notes (being Green Bonds) will be used in 
accordance with the Group's Green Bond Framework 
(as defined and further described in the section of the 
Base 
Prospectus 
entitled 
"Green 
Bond 
Framework")]/ [•]  
 
 
(If reasons for offer different from what is disclosed 
in "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus, give 
detail) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses 
[•]/[Not Applicable]. 
(If applicable: include breakdown of expenses) 
(iv) 
Green Bond 
[Yes/Not Applicable] 
• 
Second Party Opinion 
Provider: 
[Sustainalytics B.V.]/[•] 
• 
Date of Second Party 
Opinion: 
[2 September 2024]/[•] 
5. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)] 
Indication of yield: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[•], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies

--- Page 100 ---
98042995.13 
100 
 
(ANNA) [or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/Not Applicable/other]. 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[•], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) [or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/Not Applicable/other]. 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra- day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated:  
 
• 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
• 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[•]

--- Page 101 ---
98042995.13 
101 
 
• 
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(v) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vii)  
Prohibition of sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 102 ---
98042995.13 
102 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which (subject to completion by the applicable 
Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will be endorsed upon 
each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to 
any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following 
Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will be endorsed upon, or 
attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "applicable Final Terms" 
or "applicable Pricing Supplement"(in the case of Exempt Notes) for a description of the content of Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation 
to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by mBank S.A. (the "Issuer") pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination (as defined below) in the Specified Currency (as defined below); 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") 
dated on or about 13 September 2024 and made between the Issuer and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
as issuing and principal paying agent (the "Agent", which expression shall include any successor agent) 
and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
shall include any additional or successor paying agents). The Agent and the Paying Agents are together 
referred to as the "Agents". 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") or, if 
this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation (an "Exempt Note"), the final terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the 
Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the "applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise 
stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Any reference in the Conditions to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
Interest - bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons 
or Talons attached on issue. 
The applicable Final Terms will state in particular whether this Note is an Ordinary Senior Note (the 
"Ordinary Senior Note"), an MREL Senior Note (the "MREL Senior Note") or a Senior Non-Preferred 
Note (the "Senior Non-Preferred Note", together with the Ordinary Senior Note and the MREL Senior 
Notes, the "Senior Notes") or a Subordinated Note (the "Subordinated Note"), which may be, in turn, a

--- Page 103 ---
98042995.13 
103 
 
Senior Subordinated Note (the "Senior Subordinated Note") or a Tier 2 Subordinated Note (the "Tier 2 
Subordinated Note"), each as more fully described in Condition 2 (Status of the Notes). 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms 
and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") 
dated on or about 13 September 2024 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held 
by the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear (as defined below) 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below) and by the Agent on behalf of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders at its specified office. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are (i) available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each Agent and (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder 
following their prior written request to any Agent and provision of evidence satisfactory to the relevant 
Agent as to its holding and identity. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com), save that, if this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such 
Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled 
to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable 
Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms, shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
Any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or other subsidiary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation as the 
same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, superseded or re-enacted. References herein 
to "Terms and Conditions" or "Conditions" are to these Conditions, or a correspondingly numbered 
provision hereof. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
(a) 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the "Specified Currency") and the denominations (the "Specified 
Denomination(s)"), specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 104 ---
98042995.13 
104 
 
(c) 
This Note may be an Ordinary Senior Note, an MREL Senior Note, a Senior Non-
Preferred Note, a Senior Subordinated Note or a Tier 2 Subordinated Note, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes, 
in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not 
applicable. 
(e) 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer 
and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any 
Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to 
the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
(f) 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg"), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is 
for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate 
or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer 
and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other 
than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such 
Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the 
Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
"Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(g) 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be. 
(h) 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Ordinary Senior Notes or MREL 
Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
2.1 
Status of the Ordinary Senior Notes and MREL Senior Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Ordinary Senior 
Notes or MREL Senior Notes in the applicable Final Terms constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 3 (Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provisions of law, upon 
the insolvency of the Issuer as set out in the Polish Act dated 28 February 2003 Insolvency Law, as 
may be amended from time to time (the "Insolvency Law")), such payment obligations rank: 
(a) 
in respect of principal: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities;  
(ii) 
senior to (A) accrued but unpaid interest on the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities 
as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure; (B) any liabilities of the 
Issuer falling into categories 4 to 10 (inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in 
accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law (including but not

--- Page 105 ---
98042995.13 
105 
 
limited to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities); and (C) any other present and 
future obligations of the Issuer which rank junior to the Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities in accordance with the Insolvency Law; and  
(iii) 
junior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1, 2 and 3(a) to (c) 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law; and (B) any present and future obligations of the Issuer which 
rank senior to the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities in accordance with the 
Insolvency Law. 
(b) 
in respect of interest: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other interest on the Senior Higher 
Priority Liabilities;  
(ii) 
junior to: (A) obligations in respect of principal on the Senior Higher Priority 
Liabilities; and (B) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 3 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law; and (C) any present and future obligations of the Issuer which 
rank senior to the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities in accordance with the 
Insolvency Law; but  
(iii) 
senior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 4(b) to 10 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law (including but not limited to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities); 
and (B) any other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank junior 
to the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities in accordance with the Insolvency Law. 
2.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Senior Non-
Preferred Notes in the applicable Final Terms constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory 
provision of law, upon the insolvency of the Issuer as set out in the Insolvency Law, such payment 
obligations rank: 
(a) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; 
(b) 
junior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 5 (inclusive) of the 
Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; and (B) 
any other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank senior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes in accordance with the Insolvency Law; and 
(c) 
senior to: (A) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 7 to 10 (inclusive) of the 
Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the Insolvency Law; and (B) 
any other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank junior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities in accordance with the Insolvency Law.  
2.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Senior 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes in the applicable Final Terms on account 
of principal constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory 
provision of law upon the insolvency of the Issuer as set out in the Insolvency Law, such 
payment obligations rank: 
(i) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes constitute Senior Subordinated Liabilities of the Issuer: 
(A) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other claims in respect of 
Senior Subordinated Liabilities, and (ii) any other subordinated

--- Page 106 ---
98042995.13 
106 
 
obligations which by law, rank pari passu with the Issuer's obligations 
under the relevant Subordinated Notes; 
(B) 
junior to (i) liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 6 (inclusive) 
of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law (including any Senior Higher Priority Liabilities and 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities), and (ii) any other obligations which by 
law, rank senior to the Issuer's obligations under the relevant 
Subordinated Notes; and 
(C) 
senior to: (i) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 8 to 10 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 
of the Insolvency Law; and (ii) any other obligations of the Issuer which, 
by law, rank junior to the obligations of the Issuer under the relevant 
Senior Subordinated Notes; and 
(ii) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes constitute Tier 2 Subordinated Notes of the Issuer: 
(A) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other subordinated 
obligations which, by law, rank pari passu with the Issuer's obligations 
under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; 
(B) 
junior to: (i) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 1 to 7 
(inclusive) of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 
of the Insolvency Law; (ii) any other present and future obligations of 
the Issuer which, in accordance with the Insolvency Law, rank senior to 
the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, and (iii) any other obligations which, by 
law, rank senior to the Issuer's obligations under the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes; and 
(C) 
senior to: (i) any liabilities of the Issuer falling into categories 9 and 10 
of the Issuer's liabilities in accordance with art. 440 section 2 of the 
Insolvency Law; (ii) any other present or future obligations of the Issuer 
which, in accordance with the Insolvency Law, rank lower than Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes and (iii) any other subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer which by law, rank junior to the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
2.4 
No Interest in Insolvency 
No interest shall accrue in respect of the Notes from the date of the declaration of insolvency of the 
Issuer. 
2.5 
MREL 
(a) 
To the extent allowed by the Applicable Banking Regulations, the MREL Senior Notes, 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Senior Subordinated Notes and the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes may be issued by the Issuer to satisfy the minimum requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities (the "MREL"). In such case, the applicable Final Terms 
shall comply with the requirements set out in the Applicable Banking Regulations.  
(b) 
The rights of holders of the MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes shall be subject to any present or future 
Polish laws or regulations relating to the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms in the Republic of Poland which are or will be applicable to such Notes 
only as a result of the operation of such laws or regulations.

--- Page 107 ---
98042995.13 
107 
 
2.6 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy or resolution then in effect in the Republic of 
Poland including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the CRD Implementing 
Measures, the CRD Regulation, BRRD, the Creditor Hierarchy Directive, the BGF Act, the 
Insolvency Law and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy or resolution adopted by the BGF or other Competent Authority from time to time and 
then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and 
whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer);  
"BGF" means Bankowy Fundusz Gwarancyjny; 
"BGF Act" means a Polish Act of 10 June 2016 on bank guarantee fund, the deposit guarantee 
scheme and resolution (as amended from time to time); 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended 
or replaced from time to time, including, without limitation, as amended by the Creditor Hierarchy 
Directive and by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 20 May 2019 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; 
"Competent Authority" means the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (Komisja Nadzoru 
Finansowego) or any successor or replacement thereto having primary responsibility for the 
prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if 
applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer; 
"CRD" means any of, or any combination of, the CRD Directive, the CRR Regulation, and any 
CRD Implementing Measures; 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time, 
including, without limitation, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019; 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any rules implementing the CRD Directive or the CRR 
Regulation which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or 
implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national 
laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Competent Authority or any 
other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a stand-alone basis) or the Group 
(on a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital or the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities, as the case may be, of the Issuer (on a stand-alone basis) or the Group (on a 
consolidated basis); 
"CRR Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, 
as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time, including, without limitation, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019. 
"Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation that supersedes 
or replaces it; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries;

--- Page 108 ---
98042995.13 
108 
 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the BGF, the Single Resolution Board (SRB) established 
pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the 
exercise of any bail-in tool from time to time; 
"Senior Higher Priority Liabilities" means any obligations in respect of principal of the Issuer 
under any Ordinary Senior Notes or MREL Senior Notes, any other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer referred to in Article 440.2.3(d) of the Insolvency Law and any other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the same ranking in respect of the 
principal as the obligations of the Issuer under the Ordinary Senior Notes or MREL Senior Notes; 
"Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities" means any unsubordinated and unsecured senior non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer referred to in Article 108 paragraph 2 of the BRRD and referred 
to in Article 440.2.6 of the Insolvency Law (including any Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and any 
other obligations which, by law, rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; 
"Senior Subordinated Liabilities" means any subordinated obligation of the Issuer, referred to in 
Article 440.2.7 of the Insolvency Law and any other obligations which, by law, rank pari passu 
with the Senior Subordinated Liabilities; and 
"Tier 2 Subordinated Notes" means any subordinated obligations of the Issuer referred to in 
Article 440.2.8 of the Insolvency Law and any other obligations which, by law, rank pari passu 
with the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
3.1 
Negative Pledge 
This Condition 3 is applicable only in relation to the Ordinary Senior Notes. So long as any Ordinary 
Senior Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer will not create 
or have outstanding any Encumbrance upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant External 
Indebtedness unless (i) such Encumbrance or other arrangement is approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (which is defined in the Agency Agreement as a resolution duly passed by a majority of 
not less than three-fourths of the votes cast) of holders or (ii) all amounts payable by the Issuer under 
the Ordinary Senior Notes are secured either (A) by such Encumbrance equally and rateably with 
such Relevant External Indebtedness or (B) such other Encumbrance as is approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution; provided that the above provisions shall not apply to: (x) any 
Encumbrance created on property, at the time of purchase thereof, solely as security for the payment 
of the purchase price thereof and provided that the Relevant External Indebtedness thereby secured 
does not exceed the purchase price thereof; or (y) any Encumbrance on or with respect to the assets, 
receivables, remittances or other payment rights of the Issuer which is created pursuant to any 
securitisation or like arrangement in accordance with normal market practice and whereby the 
principal amount of the Relevant External Indebtedness secured by such Encumbrance is 
substantially limited to the proceeds received by the Issuer in exchange for the sale, assignment, 
pledge or other transfer of such assets, receivables, remittances or other payment rights. 
3.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Encumbrance" means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment, hypothecation, security 
interest, title retention, preferential right or trust arrangement and any other security agreement or 
arrangement; 
"Relevant External Indebtedness" means any Relevant Indebtedness which is payable in or by 
reference to a currency which is not the lawful currency for the time being of Poland; and 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means: (A) any obligation with a maturity greater than one year for the 
payment of borrowed money which is in the form of, represented or evidenced by a note, bond, 
debenture or other security or a similar instrument, which is, or is capable of, being quoted, listed, 
dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other recognised securities market; or (B) any present or 
future guarantee or indemnity in respect of any of the foregoing.

--- Page 109 ---
98042995.13 
109 
 
4. 
WAIVER OF SET-OFF 
In the case of any MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes and 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, no Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes or Coupons. If, 
notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Noteholder receives or recovers any sum or the benefit 
of any sum in respect of any Note or related Coupon by virtue of any such set-off or counterclaim, 
it shall hold the same on trust for the Issuer and shall pay the amount thereof to the Issuer or, in the 
event of the winding up of the Issuer, to the liquidator of the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide, or shall be construed 
as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim 
or that any such right is or would be available to any Noteholder of any Note but for this Condition. 
5. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate 
Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or Reset Notes. 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(a) 
This Condition 5.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 5.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the 
Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the 
Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the 
Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination Date. 
(b) 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
(c) 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
(d) 
As used in these Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
(e) 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated 
in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.

--- Page 110 ---
98042995.13 
110 
 
(f) 
In these Conditions: 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, 
in accordance with this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 
30-day months) divided by 360;  
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination 
Date to but excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the 
Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a 
Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, 
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, 
with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 5.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 5.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating 
Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any 
Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to 
the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the 
Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where 
ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also 
specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen 
Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify 
the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. In these 
Conditions, "Calculation Agent" means the party responsible for calculating the amount of interest

--- Page 111 ---
98042995.13 
111 
 
due as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Agent, as applicable.  
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
(i) 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified 
Interest Payment Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the 
number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these 
Conditions, "Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become 
payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
(iii) 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) 
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(a)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such 
Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day 
that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (b)(2) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (1) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional 
Business Centre (other than the real time gross settlement system

--- Page 112 ---
98042995.13 
112 
 
operated by the Eurosystem (or any successor thereto) ("T2")) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which T2 is open; and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other 
than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes (the "Rate 
of Interest") will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(c) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be for each Interest Period the relevant ISDA Rate (subject to Condition 5.4 
(Benchmark Discontinuation)) plus or minus (as specified in the Final Terms) the Relevant 
Margin (if any) where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest 
rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 
ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then 
the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and 
by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an

--- Page 113 ---
98042995.13 
113 
 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines appropriate; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, Compounding is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as 
the Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Compounding 
with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, Averaging is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout 
is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, 
if applicable, are the days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option 
and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the applicable Final

--- Page 114 ---
98042995.13 
114 
 
Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date;  
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate"; 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 7(d) shall have 
the meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions; and  
(v) 
In these Conditions: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA 
(copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); and 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including 
each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(www.isda.org);  
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (unless the Reference Rate is SONIA 
or SOFR or any related index) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined (the "Rate of Interest") the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which 
SONIA or SOFR or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:  
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by

--- Page 115 ---
98042995.13 
115 
 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; and 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (iii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes 
in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is SONIA 
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(e): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
D
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
D
𝑑
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 116 ---
98042995.13 
116 
 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on 
and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, 
the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the applicable Final Terms or if 
no such period is specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is 
published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for:

--- Page 117 ---
98042995.13 
117 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any 
London Banking Day.  The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a 
non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference 
Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 5.4(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation 
(Independent Adviser)), be:  
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; and 
(b) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only 
of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the latest determined rate under 
(A). 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)), 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 5.2(e), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable 
to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable 
to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is SONIA 
Compounded Index 
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and "Index Determination - 
SONIA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 118 ---
98042995.13 
118 
 
(ii) 
Where "Index Determination - SONIA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1)  X 365
𝑑 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), 
all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
SONIA Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on 
which the SONIA Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition 
or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Period); 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place, rounded up or down, if necessary (with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards);  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless 
otherwise specified shall be five; 
"SONIA Compounded Index End" means the SONIA Compounded Index 
value on the End date; 
"SONIA Compounded Index Start" means the SONIA Compounded Index 
value on the Start date; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate 
as published at 10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a 
successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive 
Statistical Database, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
(iii) 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the 
SONIA Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if 
"Index Determination – SONIA" was not specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and as if Compounded Daily SONIA (as defined in Condition 5.2(e)(iii)) had been 
specified instead in the applicable Final Terms, and "Observation Shift" had been 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, and where the 
Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 5.2(e)(iii) shall 
be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and where the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of 
SONIA, the provisions of Condition 5.4(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser) shall apply. 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is SOFR 
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in

--- Page 119 ---
98042995.13 
119 
 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(g): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average 
of daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 5.2(g). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday.  
For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate 
for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes 
one or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will 
be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded 
SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant 
SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions under Condition 5.4(b) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) will apply.  
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 𝐷
𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in:

--- Page 120 ---
98042995.13 
120 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such 
period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the applicable 
Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(b) (Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) 
below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling

--- Page 121 ---
98042995.13 
121 
 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is SOFR 
Compounded Index 
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and "Index Determination - 
SOFR" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Where "Index Determination - SOFR" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be SOFR 
Compounded Index for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1)  X 360
𝑑 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), 
all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
SOFR Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant SOFR Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place, rounded up or down, if necessary (with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards);  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless 
otherwise specified shall be five; 
"SOFR Compounded Index End" means the SOFR Compounded Index 
value on the End date; 
"SOFR Compounded Index Start" means the SOFR Compounded Index 
value on the Start date; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as 
published at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and

--- Page 122 ---
98042995.13 
122 
 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
(iii) 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the 
SOFR Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if 
"Index Determination – SOFR" was not specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and as if Compounded SOFR (as defined in Condition 5.2(g)) had been specified 
instead in the applicable Final Terms, and "Observation Shift" had been specified 
as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, and where the 
Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 5.2(g) shall be 
deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred in respect of SOFR, the 
provisions of Condition 5.4(b) (Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) apply. 
(i) 
Interest – Reset Note Provisions 
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(i) is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset Note Provisions 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable.  
(ii) 
Such Notes shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes:  
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the 
rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest;  
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to 
the First Reset Rate of Interest; and  
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per 
annum equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest,  
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (subject to adjustment as described in 
Condition 5.2(a) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Interest Payment Dates")) 
and on the Maturity Date, as applicable. The Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the 
case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the 
Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts 
of interest in Condition 5.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). 
(iii) 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or 
the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 12.00 p.m. in the Relevant 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in 
question. 
(iv) 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the 
sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as

--- Page 123 ---
98042995.13 
123 
 
provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be 
determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the 
case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall 
be the Initial Rate of Interest (though substituting, where a different Relevant 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Margin relating to the relevant Reset 
Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating to that last preceding Reset 
Period). 
(vi) 
If Reset Reference Rate Conversion is so specified as being applicable, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
will be converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Basis specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to a basis which matches the per annum frequency of 
Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes (such calculation to be 
determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution 
selected by it). 
(vii) 
If Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms, "Floating 
Rate Convention", "Following Business Day Convention", "Modified Following 
Business Day Convention" and "Preceding Business Day Convention" shall have 
the meanings ascribed to them in Condition 5.2(a) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Interest Payment Dates"). 
(viii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(i): 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset 
Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset 
Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date or date of 
any final redemption; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and 
subject to this Condition 5.2(i), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Margin; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) 
has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant 
Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate;

--- Page 124 ---
98042995.13 
124 
 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the rate as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and 
subject to this Condition 5.2(i), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the rate for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii)  
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations 
for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately 
11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Original Reset Reference Rate Basis" has the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms and shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or 
monthly; 
"Rate of Interest" means in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of 
Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, as applicable; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if none, four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most 
closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer 
on the advice of an investment bank of international repute; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination 
Date 
 
the arithmetic average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset 
Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or  
 
if fewer than five such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations are received, the arithmetic average (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reset Period, the rate per 
annum equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reset Reference Bond, assuming a price for 
the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) 
equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if only one Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received or if no Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received in respect of the 
determination of the Reference Bond Price, the Rate of Interest shall not be

--- Page 125 ---
98042995.13 
125 
 
determined by reference to the Reference Bond Rate and the Rate of Interest 
shall instead be, in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate 
of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date (though substituting, where a 
different Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Margin 
relating to the relevant Reset Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating 
to that last preceding Reset Period); 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to 
any Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, 
the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid 
and offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination Time and 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer; 
"Relevant Margin" means the First Margin and/or the Subsequent Margin(s), 
as the case may be, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each 
Subsequent Reset Date (as applicable), in each case as adjusted (if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 5 as if 
the relevant Reset Date was an Interest Payment Date; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the 
second Business Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first 
Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset 
Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second 
Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period, or 
in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Time" means in relation to a Reset Determination 
Date, 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date or such other time as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Note" means a Note on which interest is calculated at reset rates 
payable in arrear on a fixed date or dates in each year and/or at intervals of 
one, two, three, six or 12 months or at such other date or intervals as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms); 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, 
as the case may be; 
"Reset Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security 
or securities issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall deemed 
to be Germany) agreed between the Issuer and the Determination Agent as 
having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer, after consultation 
with the Determination Agent) would be utilised, at the time of selection and 
in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
maturity comparable to the relevant Reset Period; 
"Reset Reference Rate" means either (i) the Mid-Swap Rate, or (ii) the 
Reference Bond Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 126 ---
98042995.13 
126 
 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the 
Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and 
each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or, if no further 
Subsequent Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date or date of any final redemption; and 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent 
Reset Period and subject to this Condition 5.2(i), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin. 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
(i) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(ii) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) is 
greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero.  
(k) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period. 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global 
Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect 
of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the

--- Page 127 ---
98042995.13 
127 
 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. 
(iii) 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest in accordance with this Condition 5.2: 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case 
of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where:

--- Page 128 ---
98042995.13 
128 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(G) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(l) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or 
Reset Notes (as applicable) are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of 
each Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable)) and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Agents) as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable). Any such amendment

--- Page 129 ---
98042995.13 
129 
 
will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes (as applicable) are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Agents). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
"London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(m) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained, for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5.2, by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Agents). 
5.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(a) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
This Condition 5.4(a) apply to all Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify this 
Condition 5.4(a) as being applicable. Notwithstanding the provisions above in this 
Condition 5, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate the following provisions of this Condition 5.4(a) shall apply. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and any Benchmark Amendments no 
later than three business days in the specified office of the Calculation Agent prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) applicable to the Notes (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 5.4(a)). 
(ii) 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.4(a) shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and (in the absence of fraud) 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Agent 
or the Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to 
the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to 
this Condition 5.4(a). 
(iii) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer 
is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the Issuer, in each case acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that:

--- Page 130 ---
98042995.13 
130 
 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in this Condition 5.4(a)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.4(a) 
in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate); 
or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in this 
Condition 5.4(a)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 5.4(a) in the event of a further 
Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate),  
provided, however, that if the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5.4(a) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable), the Reference Rate applicable to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable). If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference 
Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period or the 
first Reset Period (as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment 
pursuant to this Condition 5.4(a) shall apply only to the relevant Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable). Any subsequent Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) may be subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 5.4(a)). Where a different Margin and/or Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin and/or Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) shall be substituted in place of the Margin and/or 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable)). For the avoidance of doubt, 
the proviso in this Condition 5.4(c)(iii) shall apply to the immediately 
following Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) only. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer 
is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the Issuer, in each case acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (A) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable). If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser, or (if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the Issuer, 
in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is 
unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(v) 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5.4 and the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, or (if the Issuer is

--- Page 131 ---
98042995.13 
131 
 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser) the Issuer, in each case acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments 
to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified 
in such notice. 
(vi) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.4(a) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and 
the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will, in the absence 
of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
(viii) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 5.4(a)(i), 
5.4(a)(ii), 5.4(a)(iii) and 5.4(a)(iv), the Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in the Conditions above, as the case may be, will continue to apply 
unless and until (1) a Benchmark Event occurs and an Independent Adviser is 
appointed and (2) either a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, and 
any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments are determined, in each 
case pursuant to this Condition 5.4(a). 
(ix) 
As used in these Conditions: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in 
either case, which is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate), the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is customarily 
applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or 
 
(where neither (i) above nor (ii) applies), the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser, and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be);

--- Page 132 ---
98042995.13 
132 
 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Issuer determines in accordance with these Conditions has replaced the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for the same interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Issuer determines that there 
is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer determines in accordance with 
these Conditions is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the 
Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be 
calculated or administered; or 
 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or will, by a specified 
future date, cease publishing the Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the Notes, in each case by a 
specified future date; or 
 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, in the view of 
such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is or will, by a 
specified future date, be no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or 
 
it has or will, by a specified future date within the following six 
months, become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or 
any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including without 
limitation, under the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable and including because of 
the withdrawal of the authorisation or registration of the relevant 
benchmark administrator). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark 
Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv), or (v) above 
and the specified future date in the public statement is more than six months 
after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be 
deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such specified future 
date; 
 "EU Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds, as amended;

--- Page 133 ---
98042995.13 
133 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate 
expertise appointed by the Issuer; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate referenced in the applicable Final Terms 
of Reset Notes) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component 
part(s) thereof) on the Notes provided that if, following one or more 
Benchmark Events, such originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (or 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been 
replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a 
Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall include any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate; 
"Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate in respect of Reset Notes) used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) on the Notes provided that if, 
following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally-specified 
benchmark or screen rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which 
has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term "Reference Rate" shall 
include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable): 
 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any such 
similar institution for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any other central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); 
or 
 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by, or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, 
reserve bank, monetary authority or any such similar institution 
for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, (d) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof, or (e) the 
European Commission or any part thereof;  
"Relevant Regulator" means the BGF or such other authority tasked with 
matters relating to the qualification of securities of the Issuer, as the case may 
be, under the applicable MREL regulations;  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate 
(and related alternative screen page or source if available) which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; and 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
(b) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC

--- Page 134 ---
98042995.13 
134 
 
(i) 
This Condition 5.4(b) shall apply to all Notes where the applicable Final Terms 
specify this Condition 5.4(b) as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5, if the Issuer determines 
on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations 
on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection 
with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the 
right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
(iii) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to this Condition 5.4(b), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate 
or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance 
or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(A) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(B) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(C) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating 
to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of 
the Notes or any other party. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.4(b): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined 
in Condition 5.2(g)(iii) above, provided that if the Issuer determines on or 
prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded 
SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the 
then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
 
the sum of (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
 
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
 
the sum of (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest 
as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the

--- Page 135 ---
98042995.13 
135 
 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or 
 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates 
and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement 
exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably 
necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or 
 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will 
be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component);

--- Page 136 ---
98042995.13 
136 
 
 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark 
(or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment, (which may be 
a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for 
the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination 
Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time 
determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement" 
means 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined 
under this Condition 5.4(b) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent, the Agent and the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Calculation Agent and the Agent of the same, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Calculation Agent and the Agent a certificate signed by 
two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.4(b); 
and

--- Page 137 ---
98042995.13 
137 
 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark 
Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Additional Provisions 
(i) 
This Condition 5.4(c) applies to all Notes where the applicable Final Terms 
specify Condition 5.4(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser) or 
Condition 5.4(b) (Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.4(c): 
(A) 
no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread or Benchmark 
Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (as applicable) 
will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and 
conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect any Benchmark 
Amendments or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as 
applicable), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, 
the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of 
the relevant Series of Ordinary Senior Notes, MREL Senior Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the relevant Series of Senior Subordinated 
Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes as "eligible liabilities" (or any 
equivalent or successor term) which are available to count towards the 
Issuer's and/or the Group's eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity; 
(B) 
in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes, MREL Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment 
Spread or Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to 
the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 5.4(c), if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating an 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity date of the Notes; and 
(C) 
in connection with any variation or amendment in accordance with this 
Condition 5.4(c), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
6.2 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations

--- Page 138 ---
98042995.13 
138 
 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.3 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of payment) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
"United States" (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 
(Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 8 (Taxation)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would 
otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be 
made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate 
Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the 
Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date 
is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Note. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear, or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, or Clearstream,

--- Page 139 ---
98042995.13 
139 
 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his or her share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or 
to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(iii) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, 
on a day on which T2 is open; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
T2 is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7 (Redemption and Purchase); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;

--- Page 140 ---
98042995.13 
140 
 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
7.5 (Restrictions on early redemption)); and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
8 (Taxation). 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which shall be at least 
equal to the Nominal Amount of each Note) specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a maturity as permitted in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
(c) 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have a maturity of not less than five years or as otherwise 
permitted in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Agents), the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(a) 
in the case of any Notes which are not Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Poland or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a 
court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after an agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation); and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; or 
(b) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes, the Issuer is no 
longer entitled to claim a deduction in respect of any payments in computing its taxation 
liabilities or the value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced or the 
applicable tax treatment of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes 
changes; or 
(c) 
in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, there is a change in the applicable tax treatment 
of the instruments and the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that such change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue 
Date,

--- Page 141 ---
98042995.13 
141 
 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such 
other period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the Interest 
Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then 
due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders: (A) a certificate 
signed by the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred; (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment; and (C) in the case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Senior 
Subordinated Notes or the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, if required under Applicable Banking 
Regulations, a copy of the Competent Authority's (and in particular, in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and MREL Senior Notes, the Resolution Authority's) consent to the redemption. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 7.2, the Issuer shall be bound 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 7.2. 
7.3 
Early Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event 
If, in respect of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, a Capital Disqualification Event occurs as a result 
of a change (or any pending change which the Competent Authority considers sufficiently certain) 
in Polish law, the law of any other relevant jurisdiction or Applicable Banking Regulations 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer may, at its option and having given not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 
(Agents), the Noteholders of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), elect to redeem in accordance with these Conditions all, 
but not some only, of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition 7.3 is a notice given by the Issuer to the Agent 
and the Noteholders, which notice shall be signed by the Issuer and shall specify: 
(a) 
that a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing; 
(b) 
that the Issuer has obtained the prior written consent of the Competent Authority, provided 
that at the relevant time such consent is required to be given; and 
(c) 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
after the date on which such notice is validly given. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.3 will be redeemed at their early 
redemption amount (the "Early Redemption Amount (Capital Disqualification Event)") (which 
shall be their principal amount or such other Early Redemption Amount (Capital Disqualification 
Event) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons pursuant to this Condition 7.3 is 
subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable 
Banking Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations 
in force at the relevant time.

--- Page 142 ---
98042995.13 
142 
 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Capital Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with 
the Competent Authority, that as a result of a change in Polish law or Applicable Banking 
Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date (including as a result of the implementation or applicability in Poland of 
CRD on or after the Issue Date) which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at 
the Issue Date of such Series, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes is fully excluded or partially excluded from inclusion in the Tier 2 Subordinated Capital of 
the Issuer or the Group; and 
"Tier 2 Subordinated Capital" means Tier 2 Subordinated Capital as provided under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
7.4 
Early Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event 
If, in the case of Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and MREL Senior Notes 
following the MREL Requirement Date, an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is 
continuing, then the Issuer may, at its option and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Agents), the Noteholders of the 
relevant Notes (as applicable) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for 
redemption), elect to redeem in accordance with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the 
relevant Notes (as applicable). Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the relevant 
Notes (as applicable). 
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition is a notice given by the Issuer to the Agent and 
the Noteholders, which notice shall be signed by the Issuer and shall specify: 
(a) 
that an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing; 
(b) 
that the Issuer has obtained the prior written consent of the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
provided that at the relevant time such consent is required to be given; and 
(c) 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
after the date on which such notice is validly given. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. 
Any refusal by the Relevant Resolution Authority to grant its approval as described above will not 
constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.5 will be redeemed at their early redemption amount 
(the "Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event)") (which shall be their 
principal amount or such other Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event) as may 
be specified in or determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms ) together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and MREL Senior Notes for 
regulatory reasons pursuant to this Condition 7.5 will be subject to the prior consent of the 
Competent Authority (and in particular, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and MREL 
Senior Notes, the Resolution Authority). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies then in effect in Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction giving effect to 
MREL or any successor principles then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the BRRD and those regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to MREL or any successor principles then in 
effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether 
or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group);

--- Page 143 ---
98042995.13 
143 
 
"MREL" means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for credit 
institutions under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD (as transposed in 
Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 
23 May 2016, supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
with regard to regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for 
setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, or any successor 
requirement under the EU legislation and relevant implementing legislation and regulation in 
Poland or any other relevant jurisdiction; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means in respect of the Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and MREL Senior Notes, the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of any 
amendment to, or change in, or replacement of, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in 
any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the relevant Series of the Notes, the 
whole or any part of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of such Series at any time is not 
included in, ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority) will cease 
to count towards, the Issuer's or the Group's eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing capacity (in 
each case for the purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations 
and provided that such change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of 
such Series); provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur if such whole or part 
of the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes is not included in, ceases or (in 
the opinion of the Issuer) will cease to count towards, such eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing 
capacity due to: (a) the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than the minimum period 
prescribed by the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations; or (b) any applicable limits on the 
amount of "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet 
any MREL requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group being exceeded; 
"MREL Requirement Date" means the time from which the Issuer and/or the Group is obliged 
to meet any MREL Requirements; and 
"MREL Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group under the Applicable MREL Regulations. 
7.5 
Restrictions on early redemption 
(a) 
The Issuer may redeem in accordance with the terms of these Conditions (and give notice 
thereof to the Noteholders) MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only if such redemption is in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and, to the extent required, it has 
been granted the approval of or permission from (in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) 
the Competent Authority or (in the case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority and: 
(i) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of any Notes, the 
Issuer replaces such Notes with own funds instruments (or, in the case of MREL 
Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes, eligible 
liabilities instruments) of an equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority (in the 
case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or the Relevant Resolution Authority (in the 
case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated 
Notes) that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption 
or repurchase, exceed the requirements (in the case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes, for own funds and eligible 
liabilities) under CRD and BRRD by a margin that (in the case of MREL Senior 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes) the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, or (in the case 
of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority, considers necessary; or

--- Page 144 ---
98042995.13 
144 
 
(iii) 
in the case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Subordinated Notes only, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Resolution Authority that the partial or full replacement of the eligible 
liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the 
own funds requirements laid down in the CRD for continuing authorisation; and 
(iv) 
in the case of redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes before five years after the 
Issue Date of the last Tranche of such Series of Notes if the conditions listed in 
paragraphs (i) or (ii) above and one of the following conditions are met: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event, (i) the Competent Authority considers such 
change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Capital Disqualification 
Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the 
Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a taxation reason, the 
Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that 
the change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes of 
the relevant Series; 
(C) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of the 
relevant Notes, the Issuer replaces the Notes with own funds instruments 
of an equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity and the Competent Authority has permitted that action on the 
basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential 
point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Notes are repurchased for market-making purposes. 
Any refusal by (in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in 
the case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated 
Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority to grant its approval or permission as described 
above will not constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
In these Conditions, "Relevant Resolution Authority" means the BGF or any successor 
to or replacement for the BGF and/or any resolution authority with the ability to exercise 
any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group or with 
primary responsibility for the oversight and supervision of the Issuer's and/or the Group's 
eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing capacity from time to time. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 7.6 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at 
the option of the Issuer (other than where Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) applies), such 
option being referred to as an "Issuer Call". The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 7.6 for full 
information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional 
Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of 
Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Agents) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not part) of the 
relevant Series of Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.

--- Page 145 ---
98042995.13 
145 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and MREL Senior Notes, redemption 
at the option of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7.6 will be subject to the prior consent of the 
Competent Authority (and in particular, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and MREL Senior 
Notes, the Relevant Resolution Authority) if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking 
Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force 
at the relevant time. 
7.7 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-up Call) 
If Clean-up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Clean-up Call 
Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes originally issued 
(which for these purposes shall include any further notes, if any, issued in accordance with Condition 
17 (Further Issues)) has been redeemed or purchased and subsequently cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 7.10 (Purchase), the Issuer may, at its option, from (and including) the Clean-up Call 
Effective Date (but subject, in the case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, to Condition 7.5 (Restrictions on early 
redemption), having given not more than the maximum period nor less than minimum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices), to the Noteholders, redeem all but not some only of the Notes then outstanding at the 
Clean-up Call Option Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with 
unpaid interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. The notice referred to in 
the preceding sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption. 
In these Conditions: 
"Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage" means 75 per cent. or such other percentage specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Clean-up Call Effective Date" means: (i) in the case of MREL Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; and (ii) in the case of Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, the date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or such earlier date as may be permitted under the MREL Requirements and/or the Applicable 
Banking Regulations (as applicable) from time to time.  
7.8 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 7.8 applies to Ordinary Senior Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the 
Maturity Date at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an "Investor Put". 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 7.8 for full information on any Investor Put. In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption 
Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If, in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes, Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Agents) not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem 
such Ordinary Senior Note on the Optional Redemption Date or within the time period(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the "Put Period(s)") (in the case of a Put Period such notice shall 
specify an Optional Redemption Date for the Notes) and at the Optional Redemption Amount 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is 
in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or (a "Put Notice") and in 
which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition, 
and the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent 
concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its 
control.

--- Page 146 ---
98042995.13 
146 
 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice 
being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any common depositary 
or common safekeeper, as the case may be, or by them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.8 shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and, in which 
event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 7.8 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant 
to Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
7.9 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of Default), 
each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first 
Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series, at 
the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"Y" is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number 
of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
7.10 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 7.5 (Restrictions on Early Redemption), the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the 
Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market 
or otherwise. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries, 
if and to the extent permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time and if the

--- Page 147 ---
98042995.13 
147 
 
Notes to be purchased: (a) comply with any applicable threshold as may be requested or required by 
the Competent Authority from time to time; and (b) are purchased in order to be surrendered to any 
Paying Agent for cancellation. 
Any refusal by the Competent Authority to grant its approval or permission as described above will 
not constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Notes. 
7.11 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased for cancellation will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes 
so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.8 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.12 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 7.3 
(Early Redemption due to Capital Disqualification Event) or 7.4 (Early Redemption due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 10 
(Event of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.9(c) as though 
the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon 
Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Agents). 
8. 
TAXATION 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes (whether in respect of interest or, in the case of Ordinary 
Senior Notes only, principal, redemption amount or otherwise) by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties or 
charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or 
Coupons after such withholding or deduction in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes, or interest only, 
in the case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 
2 Subordinated Notes, as would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, 
as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
held by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
(b) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon is presented or surrendered for payment more than 30 
days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such 
Note or Coupon or payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(c) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder or any official interpretations 
thereof.

--- Page 148 ---
98042995.13 
148 
 
As used herein: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means Poland or any other jurisdiction, or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Agents). 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are 
made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.3 
(Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 6.3 (Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
10.1 
Events of Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes 
This Condition 10.1 is applicable in relation to Ordinary Senior Notes only. 
The following events or circumstances (each an "Event of Default") shall be events of default in 
relation to the Ordinary Senior Notes of any Series, namely: 
(a) 
Non-payment 
The Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest or principal due in respect of the Ordinary 
Senior Notes of the relevant Series or any of them on the due date for payment thereof and 
such default continues for a period of five days on which banks are open for business in 
Poland; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
If the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other material obligations under these 
Conditions in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes of the relevant Series or the Agency 
Agreement and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no 
continuation or notice as hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for 
the period of 30 days next following the service by any holder of the Ordinary Senior 
Notes on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
Cross Default 
If any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes due 
and repayable prematurely by reason of any event of default (however described) or the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any 
Relevant Indebtedness on the due date thereof as extended by any applicable grace period 
or any security given by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries for any Relevant 
Indebtedness becomes enforceable or if default is made by the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by 
it in relation to any Relevant Indebtedness of any other person, provided that no such 
event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the Relevant Indebtedness or other 
relative liability either alone or when aggregated with other Relevant Indebtedness and/or 
other liabilities relative to all (if any) other such event which shall have occurred and be 
continuing shall amount to at least €10,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency; or

--- Page 149 ---
98042995.13 
149 
 
(d) 
Dissolution 
If any order is made by any competent court or a resolution is passed for the dissolution 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or 
(e) 
Cessation of Business 
If the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (i) ceases or announces an intention to 
cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business (save for the purposes of a 
reorganisation of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole on terms approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the holders) or (ii) stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is 
unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, 
or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law; 
or 
(f) 
Insolvency/Winding-up 
If (i) the Issuer is insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or 
threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type of) 
its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with 
or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium 
is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) 
the debts of the Issuer; (ii) proceedings are initiated against any of the Issuer's Material 
Subsidiaries under any applicable bankruptcy, restructuring, liquidation, insolvency or 
composition laws or a receiver or manager under or in respect of any such law is appointed 
in relation to any of the Issuer's Material Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to 
the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or any encumbrance takes 
possession of the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or 
put in force against the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, and 
(iii) in any case is not discharged within 21 days; or if any of the Issuer's Material 
Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial or other proceedings relating to itself under 
any applicable bankruptcy, restructuring, liquidation, insolvency or composition laws or 
makes a transfer of title or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or 
other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) in relation to 
any such law or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or 
composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) under any above law; 
or 
(g) 
Withdrawal of Banking Licence 
If the banking operations of the Issuer are suspended or the Issuer's banking licence is 
withdrawn pursuant to applicable Polish banking law. 
10.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Auditors" means the auditors from time to time of the Issuer, as the context may require, or, in 
the event of any of them being unable or unwilling to carry out any actions requested from them 
pursuant to these Conditions, means any other firm of certified accountants of international 
standing or repute in Poland nominated by the Issuer; 
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer: (a) whose gross profits (consolidated 
in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in the 
case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 15 per cent. of the 
consolidated gross profits of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets, of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the then 
latest audited accounts (consolidated, or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and 
the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; or (b) to which is 
transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, all as more

--- Page 150 ---
98042995.13 
150 
 
particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. A certificate by the Management Board of the Issuer 
confirming that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not or was or was not at any 
particular time a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer accompanied by a report of the Auditors 
addressed to the Issuer (as to proper extraction of the figures used by the Management Board of 
the Issuer in determining the Material Subsidiaries of the Issuer and mathematical accuracy of the 
calculation) shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties; and 
"Subsidiary" means any company or corporation: (A) which is controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the first-mentioned company or corporation; or (B) more than half the issued share capital of 
which is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or corporation; 
or (C) which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first-mentioned company or corporation, 
and, for these purposes, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by another 
if that other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition 
of its board of directors or equivalent body. 
10.3 
Events of Default relating to MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
Save as provided below, there are no events of default under the MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, which could lead to an 
acceleration of the relevant MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes.  
However, if an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings against 
the Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer and such order is continuing, then any Noteholder may, unless there has 
been a resolution to the contrary by the Noteholders, by written notice addressed by the Noteholder 
thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer and to the Specified Office of the Agent (and 
addressed to the Issuer), be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon the principal amount 
of such Notes together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of payment shall 
become immediately due and payable without further action or formality. If any order is made by 
any competent court declaring the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the principal amount of such Notes 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon shall become due on the day the Issuer is 
declared bankrupt. 
10.4 
Notices relating to Events of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the principal or any other redemption amount 
of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under or in respect of the 
Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as 
a result of the exercise of any Polish bail-in power by the Competent Authority with respect to the 
Issuer, nor the exercise of any Polish bail-in power by the Competent Authority with respect to the 
Notes pursuant to Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), will be 
an Event of Default. 
10.5 
Occurrence of Event of Default 
Subject to Condition 10.3 (Events of Default relating to MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) if any Event of Default shall 
occur and be continuing in relation to any Series, any holder of a Note of the relevant Series may, 
by written notice to the Issuer, at the specified office of the Paying Agent, declare that such Note 
and (if the Note is interest-bearing) all interest then accrued on such Note shall be forthwith due and 
payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and payable at its early termination 
amount (which shall be its outstanding principal amount or, if such Note is non interest bearing, its 
Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call))) or such other redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms, together with all interest (if any) accrued thereon 
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will 
expressly waive, anything contained in such Notes to the contrary notwithstanding, unless, prior 
thereto, all Events of Default in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series shall have been cured.

--- Page 151 ---
98042995.13 
151 
 
11. 
SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION 
If Substitution and Variation is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable to the 
Notes and (i) a Capital Disqualification Event, (ii) an MREL Disqualification Event or (iii) a 
circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes for taxation reasons under 
Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) occurs and is continuing, or to ensure the effectiveness 
or enforceability of Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), the 
Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes (as the case may be) or modify the terms 
of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, so that they are substituted for, or varied to, become, or remain, Qualifying Notes, 
subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) and the Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date for substitution or, as applicable, variation), and subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the Competent Authority or the Relevant Resolution Authority, as applicable, if and as 
required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and in accordance with Applicable Banking 
Regulations in force at the relevant time, provided that in each case 
(a) 
such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem 
the varied or substituted securities; 
(b) 
such variation or substitution would not itself directly lead to a downgrade in any of the 
credit ratings solicited by the Issuer of the Notes as assigned to such Notes by any Rating 
Agency immediately prior to such variation or substitution (unless any such downgrade is 
solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 20 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)); and 
(c) 
such variation or substitution is not materially less favourable to Noteholders of the 
relevant Notes (unless any such prejudice is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers)). 
Any refusal by (in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the case 
of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes) the Relevant 
Resolution Authority to grant its approval as described above will not constitute an event of default 
under the relevant Notes. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new 
Conditions. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or charge to the 
Noteholders. 
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Notes, be deemed to 
accept the substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant to the Issuer full power 
and authority to take any action and/or to execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on 
behalf of the Noteholders which is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation 
of the terms of the Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
"Qualifying Notes" means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency and 
issued directly by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not otherwise 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the Notes, provided that the Issuer 
shall have delivered a certificate signed by two authorised signatories to that effect to the 
Noteholders not less than five Business Days prior to (x) in the case of a substitution of the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 11 (Substitution and Variation), the issue date of the relevant securities 
or (y) in the case of a variation of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 11 (Substitution and 
Variation), the date such variation becomes effective, provided that such securities shall: 
(a) 
(i) in the case of MREL Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Subordinated Notes, if the MREL Requirement Date has occurred, contain terms which

--- Page 152 ---
98042995.13 
152 
 
comply with the then-current requirements for MREL-eligible Notes as embodied in the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, and (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, contain 
terms which comply with the then-current requirements for their inclusion in the Tier 2 
Subordinated Capital of the Issuer; and 
(b) 
carry the same rate of interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to this Condition 11 (Substitution and Variation); and 
(c) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 11 (Substitution 
and Variation); and 
(d) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 11 (Substitution 
and Variation); and 
(e) 
have at least the same ranking; and 
(f) 
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to a Capital 
Disqualification Event, an MREL Disqualification Event and/or an early redemption right 
for taxation reasons according to Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), as 
applicable; and 
(g) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the Issuer, if the 
Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 11 (Substitution and 
Variation). 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity 
as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection 
with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, which may be the Agent, with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be 
given to the Noteholders promptly in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices).

--- Page 153 ---
98042995.13 
153 
 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged 
or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its 
assets to become the successor agent. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Prescription). 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and on the Issuer's website 
https://www.mbank.pl/en/home-page and (b) if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading 
on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.luxse.com. It is 
expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London 
and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if 
required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first 
publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or on such website(s) the 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by 
them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange 
or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders 
of the Notes on the second day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note 
to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner 
as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for 
this purpose. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated herein) for 
convening (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) meetings 
of the holders of Notes of any Series to consider any matter affecting their interest, including 
(without limitation) the modification by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement or the 
Deed of Covenant. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the 
Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing 
an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per

--- Page 154 ---
98042995.13 
154 
 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes 
so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification 
of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes 
or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the holders of Notes of any Series will be binding 
on all holders of the Notes of such Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all 
holders of Coupons relating to Notes of such Series. 
The Issuer may, with the consent of the Agent, but without the consent of the holders of the Notes 
of any Series or Coupons, agree to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the 
Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree such modifications to the Agency 
Agreement, the Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant as may be required in order to 
give effect to Condition 5.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) in connection with effecting any 
Alternative Reference Rate, Successor Rate, Benchmark Replacement, Adjustment Spread, 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes referred to in Condition 5.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) without the 
requirement for the consent or sanction of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Agents) above 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In respect of Ordinary Senior Notes (other than MREL Senior Notes) only, the Issuer, or any 
previous substituted company, may, at any time, without the consent of the holders of the Notes of 
any Series or Coupons, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the 
Talons any company (the "Substitute") that is a Subsidiary of the Issuer, provided that no payment 
in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made 
by a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), to be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement 
as Schedule 7, and may take place only if (i) the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree 
to indemnify each holder of a Note, Coupon or Talon against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge that is imposed on it by, or by any authority in or of, the jurisdiction of the 
country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with 
respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so 
imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (ii) the obligations of the 
Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Notes, Coupons, Talons and the Deed of Covenant shall be 
unconditionally guaranteed by the Issuer by means of the Deed Poll, (iii) all actions, conditions and 
things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) 
to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, 
legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and in the case of the Deed Poll of the 
Issuer have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect, (iv) the Substitute shall 
have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as 
if it had been an original party to it, (v) legal opinions addressed to the holders of Notes shall have 
been delivered to them (care of the Agent) from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities 
practice in each jurisdiction referred to in (i) above and in England as to the fulfilment of the 
preceding conditions of paragraph (iii) above and the other matters specified in the Deed Poll and

--- Page 155 ---
98042995.13 
155 
 
(vi) the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the holders of 
Notes, stating that copies or, pending execution, the agreed text of all documents in relation to the 
substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to 
holders of Notes, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents. References in Condition 10 (Events of Default) to obligations under the Notes shall be 
deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll, and, where the Deed Poll contains a guarantee, 
the events listed in Condition 10 (Events of Default) shall be deemed to include that guarantee not 
being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full force and effect. 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Notes and the Coupons are, and shall be, governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law except the provisions of Condition 2 (Status of the Notes), Condition 4 (Waiver of Set-off), 
Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers) and and Condition 21 
(Recognition of Stay Powers) which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Polish 
law. 
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, 
validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their 
nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute"), and accordingly each of the 
Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 19.2, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders taking proceedings in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the 
English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute. 
19.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft at its office at 30 Gresham Street, 
London EC2V 7PG as its agent for service of process, in any proceedings before the English courts 
in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft being 
unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent 
for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process 
agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to 
serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 156 ---
98042995.13 
156 
 
19.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to 
those set out above. 
20. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF BAIL-IN AND LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS 
20.1 
Notwithstanding, and to the exclusion of, any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder, by its subscription or 
purchase and holding of the Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 20, 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges and accepts that any liability 
arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, which may be imposed with or 
without any notice with respect to the Notes and which exercise (without limitation) may 
include and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction or cancellation of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts due in 
respect of the Notes and/or Coupons; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
and/or Coupons into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder or Couponholder 
of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes and/or Coupons (in which case 
the Noteholder or the Couponholder agrees to accept, in lieu of its rights under 
the Notes and/or Coupons, any such shares, securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or another person); 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes and/or Coupons;  
(iv) 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date(s) on which interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(v) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise 
of any Polish bail-in power by the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
By its subscription or purchase of the Notes, each Noteholder (including, for these 
purposes, each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes): (a) acknowledges, accepts, 
consents and agrees to be bound by the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers as may be exercised without any prior notice by the Competent Authority and/or 
the Relevant Resolution Authority of its decision to exercise such power with respect to 
such Notes; and (b) shall be deemed to have authorised, directed and requested Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, any accountholder in Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or other intermediary through which it holds such Notes to take any and all 
necessary action, if required, to implement the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers with respect to such Notes as it may be exercised, without any further action or 
direction on the part of such Noteholder or any Agent. 
(c) 
Upon the Issuer and/or any member of the Group being informed and notified by the 
Competent Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority of the exercise of any Bail-in 
and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will provide a written notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as practicable regarding 
such exercise of the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers. The Issuer will also deliver a 
copy of such notice to the Agents for information purposes. Each Noteholder

--- Page 157 ---
98042995.13 
157 
 
acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees that any delay or failure by the Issuer to notify 
the Noteholders under this paragraph shall not affect (or be deemed to operate to affect) 
the validity and enforceability of the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(d) 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the principal or any other 
redemption amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due 
under or in respect of the Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation 
of the Issuer or another person or the variation of the terms of the Notes, as a result of the 
exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority and/or 
the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-
in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 20, will be an 
Event of Default. 
In these Conditions: 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, 
transfer, modification, suspension or similar or resolution-related power existing from time to time 
under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in 
the Republic of Poland, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD and (ii) the instruments, rules 
and standards created under the BRRD pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any 
affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); and 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to such amounts 
will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Competent Authority and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
21. 
RECOGNITION OF STAY POWERS 
21.1 
By its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, each Noteholder (which for the 
purposes of this Condition 21, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), where a 
resolution measure is taken in relation to the Issuer or any member of the same group as the Issuer 
which is an EU BRRD undertaking: 
(a) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Stay Powers; 
(b) 
acknowledges and accepts that it is bound by the application or exercise of any such Stay 
Powers; and 
(c) 
confirms that this Condition 21 represents the entire agreement with the Issuer on the 
potential impact of Stay Powers in respect of the Notes, to the exclusion of any other 
agreement, arrangement or understanding between parties, to the extent that such Stay 
Powers apply to the Notes. 
21.2 
In accordance with Article 68 (Exclusion of certain contractual terms in early intervention and 
resolution) of the BRRD and any relevant implementing measures in any member state, by its 
subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, each Noteholder further acknowledges and 
agrees that the application or exercise of any such Stay Powers shall not, per se, be deemed to be an 
enforcement event within the meaning of Directive 2002/47/EC of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 6 June 2002 on financial collateral arrangements or as insolvency proceedings within 
the meaning of Directive 98/26/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 May 1998 
on settlement finality in payment and securities settlement systems, and that Noteholders shall not

--- Page 158 ---
98042995.13 
158 
 
be entitled to take any of the steps outlined under Article 68(3) of the BRRD and any relevant 
implementing measures in any member state against the Issuer. 
21.3 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
(a) 
"Stay Powers" means the powers of a relevant resolution authority to suspend or restrict 
rights and obligations under: 
(i) 
Article 33a (Power to suspend payment or delivery obligations); 
(ii) 
Article 69 (Power to suspend payment or delivery obligations); 
(iii) 
Article 70 (Power to restrict the enforcement of any security interest); and 
(iv) 
Article 71 (Power to temporarily suspend any termination right), of the BRRD 
and any relevant implementing measures in any member state including Articles 
142 - 144 of the Act on Bank Guarantee Fund; 
(b) 
"EU BRRD undertaking" means an entity within the scope of Article 71a of the BRRD 
and any relevant implementing measures in any EEA member state; and 
(c) 
"resolution measure" means "resolution" or the application of a "resolution tool", "crisis 
prevention measure" or "crisis management measure" within the meaning of the BRRD 
and any relevant implementing measures in any member state.

--- Page 159 ---
98042995.13 
159 
 
GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK 
In order to participate in the sustainable finance market and fund projects and activities with environmental 
benefits, the Group has established its green bond framework (the "Green Bond Framework") under 
which the Issuer and other members of the Group may issue debt instruments ("Green Bonds") to finance 
and re-finance, in whole or in part, eligible projects ("Eligible Projects") within a portfolio of Eligible 
Assets (the "Eligible Assets Portfolio") in accordance with the Green Bond Framework.  
In September 2024 the Issuer updated the Green Bond Framework. The Green Bond Framework is aligned 
with, and therefore meets all relevant criteria set out in, the International Capital Markets Association  
("ICMA") Green Bond Principles published by ICMA in June 2021 (the "GBP 2021"), as updated by 
Appendix 1 in June 2022, which constitute voluntary guidelines recommending transparency and 
promoting integrity in the development of the green bonds market. The updated Green Bond Framework 
has been reviewed by Sustainalytics B.V. the (''Second Party Opinion Provider''), which has issued an 
opinion confirming that the Green Bond Framework is credible, impactful and aligned with the GBP 2021 
(the "Second Party Opinion"). 
The Issuer may, in the future, update the Green Bond Framework to reflect changes in its strategy, 
advancements in technology and market developments. Any updates to the Green Bond Framework will be 
approved by the Issuer's Management Board but, for the avoidance of doubt, will not require a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus. 
Each of the Green Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion, any updates to the Green Bond Framework 
and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of any such Green Bonds will be available on the Issuer's website at 
https://www.mbank.pl/en/investor-relations/ratings-debt-instruments/green-bonds/. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Bond Framework nor the Second Party Opinion are, nor shall 
either of them be deemed to be, incorporated in, and/or form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Use of proceeds 
The Issuer will allocate the net proceeds from any Green Bonds to finance or re-finance new and/or existing 
Eligible Projects within the Eligible Assets Portfolio, which have been identified to have a positive 
environmental impact, particularly in relation to the transition to a low carbon and climate resilient economy. 
Where the net proceeds from any Green Bonds are to be allocated to re-finance  Eligible Projects, the Issuer 
will apply a look-back period of a maximum of three years prior to the Issue Date of the relevant Green 
Bonds. 
The underlying Eligible Categories for the use of proceeds and the corresponding Eligibility Criteria (each 
as defined in the Green Bond Framework) that Eligible Projects must meet are set out in the Green Bond 
Framework. The Issuer has broadly defined Eligible Categories and the corresponding Eligibility Criteria 
in accordance with the GBP 2021, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment and any related technical screening criteria, Sustainable Development 
Goals set by the United Nations and the Climate Bonds Taxonomy and Sector Criteria prepared by the 
Climate Bonds Initiative. Eligible Categories include: 
• 
green buildings: the construction, renovation and acquisition of residential and/or certain 
types of commercial real estate, including in relation to improving building energy efficiency; 
• 
renewable energy: the development, acquisition, maintenance and operation of renewable or 
climate-neutral energy sources; 
• 
clean transportation: the manufacture and upgrade, purchase, operation and/or leasing of 
certain types of clean or climate-neutral mobility; 
• 
electricity transmission and storage: electricity transmission and distribution networks, 
electricity storage projects and supporting infrastructure; and 
• 
waste management: waste management projects, including municipal waste collection and 
source segregation, 
that, in each case, meet the Eligibility Criteria. 
Process for project evaluation and selection

--- Page 160 ---
98042995.13 
160 
 
The Issuer has established a dedicated Sustainable Development Committee (the "SDC") to oversee the 
evaluation and selection of Eligible Projects. In particular, the SDC is responsible for the preparation of the 
Green Bond Framework and its implementation, including defining and updating Eligible Categories and 
the corresponding Eligibility Criteria, identifying, evaluating and selecting Eligible Assets and monitoring 
the Eligible Assets Portfolio, Green Bond issuances, managing and allocating the net proceeds from any 
Green Bond, annual and interim reporting, working with third-parties (including the Second Party Opinion 
Provider) and the Issuer's stakeholders and compliance with best market practice standards. The SDC is led 
by the Chief People and Regulatory Officer and comprises representatives from various departments of the 
Issuer. 
The SDC selects Eligible Projects in accordance with the Green Bond Framework. Only projects that 
comply with the Issuer's credit processes and policies, in particular the Issuer's sustainability standards and 
exclusion criteria, are subject to further analysis by the SDC. As a minimum, projects must comply with 
the Issuer's internal regulations, which seek to align with official domestic and international ESG standards, 
laws and regulations. 
Eligible Projects are then added to or removed from the Eligible Assets Portfolio at the SDC's discretion. 
Prior to the issuance of any Green Bonds, the SDC will decide on how the net proceeds will be allocated 
across the Eligible Assets Portfolio and monitor such allocation on an ongoing basis, with delegation to the 
Treasury department. 
Management of proceeds 
The net proceeds from any Green Bonds will be managed on a portfolio basis within the Eligible Assets 
Portfolio and assigned to Eligible Projects in compliance with the Green Bond Framework. Upon settlement 
of a Green Bond, the net proceeds will be credited to the Issuer's treasury account and incorporated into its 
general liquidity pool. The Issuer will then monitor allocation to Eligible Projects within the Eligible Assets 
Portfolio through internal information systems. The net proceeds will be allocated to Eligible Project(s) 
within 24 months of the relevant Issue Date and any unallocated net proceeds will be temporarily invested 
by the Issuer according to internal treasury guidelines in cash, cash equivalent or short-term liquid 
instruments. 
Reporting 
The Issuer reports on its Green Bonds in an annual Green Bond Allocation and Impact Report, which 
provides information on the Eligible Assets Portfolio as a whole, the allocation of proceeds from Green 
Bonds at a portfolio level and each outstanding Green Bond. The Green Bond Allocation and Impact Report 
is published annually and on an interim basis following material changes in the allocation of proceeds. 
The Issuer seeks to report on its Green Bonds in accordance with the approach described in ICMA's 
"Handbook – Harmonised Framework for Impact Reporting (June 2021)".

--- Page 161 ---
98042995.13 
161 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for (i) its general corporate purposes, 
or (ii) any other purpose stated in the applicable Final Terms such as, without limitation, the refinancing or 
financing, in whole or in part, of Eligible Projects. If, in respect of a particular issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, for example the funding of eligible projects in line with the Green Bond 
Framework, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms (or the Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes).

--- Page 162 ---
98042995.13 
162 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER AND OVERVIEW OF THE 
GROUP'S FINANCIAL CONDITION 
Financial results of the Group in 2023 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group's net financial result was heavily affected by substantial 
provisions for legal risk related to CHF mortgage loans (see "Risk Factors – The Group is exposed to the 
legal risks related to loans denominated in or indexed to CHF."). The Group reported profit before tax of 
PLN 970.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, compared to a loss of PLN 108.0 million for the 
year ended 31 December 2022. Net profit attributable to the owners of mBank amounted to PLN 24.1 
million for the year ended 31 December 2023 compared to a loss of PLN 702.7 million for the year ended 
31 December 2022. 
Income of the Group 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group generated total income in the amount of PLN 10,802.3 
million compared with PLN 7,856.9 million the prior year, which represents an increase of PLN 2,945.4 
million or 37.5 per cent. For the year ended 31 December 2023, total income excluding the negative impact 
of credit holidays grew by 16.8 per cent. year-on-year. This increase was driven predominantly by an 
increase in net interest income. 
Net interest income of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 accounted for 82.1 per cent. of the 
Group's total income. It amounted to PLN 8,873.5 million compared with PLN 5,924.0 million in 2022, 
representing an increase of PLN 2,949.5 million or 49.8 per cent. Net interest income excluding the impact 
of credit holidays for the year ended 31 December 2023 increased by 21.7 per cent. year-on-year. The 
increase in net interest income was mainly a result of a high interest rate environment, active management 
of deposit costs and focus on profitable customer relationships. Between October 2021 and September 
2022, the NBP reference rate was raised by the Monetary Policy Council by 665 bps in aggregate to 6.75 
per cent., while in September 2023 and October 2023 the NBP reference rate was cut by 100 bps in 
aggregate to 5.75 per cent. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, interest income increased by PLN 5,561.0 million or 60.0 per cent. 
year-on-year and amounted to PLN 14,826.8 million. Income from loans and advances to clients, 
constituting the main source of interest income, increased by PLN 2,215.0 million or 25.5 per cent. year-
on-year. Interest income from loans and advances includes interest income from loans and advances on the 
following items: financial assets measured at amortised cost, non-trading financial assets measured 
mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss and assets held for trading. For the year ended 31 December 
2023, due to an updated calculation of the impact of credit holidays, the Group recognised a PLN 57.5 
million gain on non-substantial modification, which increased interest income. The negative impact of 
credit holidays recognised in interest income for the year ended 31 December 2022 was PLN 1,322.4 
million. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, interest income from investment securities increased by PLN 
1,351.8 million or 104.8 per cent. compared to the year ended 31 December 2022. Interest income from 
investment securities includes interest income on debt securities in the following items: non-trading 
financial assets measured mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at amortised cost. For the year 
ended 31 December 2023, interest income from debt securities held for trading increased by PLN 26.8 
million or 62.4 per cent. compared to the year ended 31 December 2022 and interest income on derivatives 
classified into banking book reached PLN 119.5 million. 
Interest expenses increased by PLN 2,611.5 million or by 78.1 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 
2023 and were PLN 5,953.3 million. As a result of higher interest paid on customer deposits and higher 
volumes of corporate and retail deposits in 2023, deposit costs increased by PLN 2,028.9 million or 116.4 
per cent. year-on-year. For the year ended 31 December 2023, interest expenses arising from the issue of 
the Group's debt securities increased by PLN 188.4 million or 69.5 per cent. compared with 2022. For the 
year ended 31 December 2023, interest expense on derivatives concluded under the fair value hedge and 
concluded under the cash flow hedge totalled PLN 1,470.9 million, while for the year ended 31 December 
2022, they amounted to PLN 1,040.5 million. For more details on fair value cash accounting and fair value 
hedge accounting, see Note 20 to 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.

--- Page 163 ---
98042995.13 
163 
 
Net fee and commission income amounted to PLN 1,915.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, 
a decrease of PLN 204.2 million or 9.6 per cent. year-on-year. Fee and commission income decreased 
modestly by PLN 10.2 million or 0.3 per cent. year-on-year. Owing to the growing number of clients and 
transactions, payment card-related fees increased the most (increasing by PLN 55.7 million or 8.8 per cent. 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2022). For the year ended 31 December 2023: (i) commissions 
from money transfers increased by PLN 15.2 million or 6.8 per cent. year-on-year; (ii) commissions for 
agency services regarding the sale of products of external financial entities increased by PLN 10.4 million 
or 13.9 per cent. year-on-year, mainly reflecting increased income from the sale of investment fund units; 
and (iii) fees from cash services increased by PLN 8.0 million or 14.7 per cent. year-on-year; (iv) 
commissions for agency services regarding the sale of insurance products of external financial entities 
increased by PLN 5.6 million or 4.3 per cent year-on-year. For the year ended 31 December 2023, 
commissions from bank accounts decreased by PLN 97.2 million or 25.3 per cent. compared to the year 
ended 31 December 2022, mainly due to a reduction in the fees charged to corporate customers. 
Commissions from currency transactions decreased by PLN 20.1 million or 3.9 per cent. year-on-year due 
to lower volatility in the FX market. Fees from brokerage activity and debt securities issued in 2023 
declined by PLN 9.8 million (5.7 per cent year-on-year). Credit-related fees and commissions declined 
marginally year-on-year (by PLN 1.9 million or 0.3 per cent.). 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, fee and commission expense grew by PLN 194.0 million or 21.4 
per cent. year-on-year to PLN 1,100.0 million. The increase in payment card-related fees was driven mainly 
by a higher volume of mBank clients' transactions in 2023. 
Dividend income amounted to PLN 9.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 compared with PLN 
5.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Net trading income amounted to PLN 73.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 compared with 
PLN 97.2 million in 2022 (a decrease of 24.5 per cent year-on-year). The foreign exchange result in 2023 
amounted to PLN -22.2 million, while in 2022 it stood at PLN -98.5 million. This improvement was driven 
by changes to interest rates as part of the Bank's interest rate management. For the year ended 31 December 
2023, gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities held for trading decreased by PLN 109.5 million 
year-on-year, mostly on interest-bearing derivative instruments. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the 
Group recognised the positive impact of credit holidays on hedge accounting in an amount of PLN 12.0 
million, which increased net trading income. In 2022, the negative impact of credit holidays on gains or 
losses on hedge accounting amounted to PLN 12.0 million. 
Other income, including gains or losses on the derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured 
at fair value through profit or loss and gains or losses from non-trading equity instruments and debt 
securities mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss, increased by PLN 123.1 million year-
on-year and was PLN 11.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 compared with PLN -111.2 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2022. The negative result in 2022 was driven mainly by the recognition of 
losses from the sale of Treasury bonds and the revaluation of shares in companies in which the Bank holds 
minority stakes. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, net other operating income was PLN -81.8 million, compared with 
PLN -178.5 million in 2022. Other operating income increased by PLN 52.6 million or 19.8 per cent. year-
on-year, while other operating expenses decreased by PLN 44.1 million or 9.9 per cent. year-on-year, 
mainly due to lower provisions for future commitments. 
Costs of the Group 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, total overhead costs (including depreciation) amounted to PLN 
3,074.4 million, which represents a decrease of PLN 244.7 million or 7.4 per cent year-on-year. Staff-
related expenses increased by PLN 220.4 million (or 18.0 per cent.) year-on-year due to higher employment 
(as the number of employees measured by full time equivalents went up by 305) and increased salaries, 
driven by high inflation and wage pressures. For the year ended 31 December 2023, material costs increased 
by PLN 157.6 million (or 21.6 per cent.) year-on-year, in particular as a result of higher costs of 
administration and real estate services, marketing costs and IT costs. Depreciation rose by PLN 36.7 million 
or 7.9 per cent. year-on-year due to earlier investment outlays on fixed and intangible assets, in particular 
IT systems and licensing costs related to an IT system used by the Bank.

--- Page 164 ---
98042995.13 
164 
 
The Group's contribution and transfers to the BGF amounted to PLN 181.8 million for the year ended 31 
December 2023 compared with PLN 247.4 million in 2022. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the 
Group booked the contribution to the IPS in the amount of PLN 428.1 million and the contribution to the 
BSF in the amount of PLN 170.9 million. 
As a result of changes in the income and costs of the Group, in 2023, the Group's cost to income ratio was 
28.5 per cent. compared with 42.2 per cent. in 2022. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the normalised 
cost to income ratio (excluding the effect of credit holidays and the contribution to the BSF in 2022) stood 
at 28.6 per cent. compared with 34.3 per cent. in 2022. 
Net impairment losses and fair value change on loans and advances 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, net impairment losses and fair value change on loans and advances 
of the Group (calculated as the sum of two items: impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets 
not measured at fair value through profit or loss and gains or losses from non-trading loans and advances 
mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss) amounted to PLN -1,105.5 million compared 
with PLN -849.3 million in 2022 (an increase by 30.2 per cent. or PLN 256.2 million year-on-year). In 
2023, impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or 
loss was PLN -1,076.8 million, while gains or losses from non-trading loans and advances mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit or loss amounted to PLN -28.8 million. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, net impairment losses and fair value change on loans and advances 
in the Retail Banking Segment increased by 48.9 per cent. year-on-year. The increase resulted mainly from 
the observed difficulties with repayment of loans on time, which mainly affected small enterprises. The 
final cost of risk level was significantly affected by the implementation of an additional trigger for 
classifying exposures as Stage 2 (i.e. a threefold increase of the PD level). The increase of costs stemming 
from the negative economic environment was partially offset by the positive impact of the non-performing 
loans sales. 
In the Corporate and Investment Banking segment, the cost of risk increased by 10.3 per cent. year-on-year 
for the year ended 31 December 2023. A relatively small increase in the cost of risk resulted from efficient 
management of debt collection and the restructuring portfolio, which in the first half of 2023 contributed 
to the release of some of the provisions created in the previous year. The level of corporate provisions for 
the year ended 31 December 2023 was significantly impacted by events occurring in the fourth quarter of 
2023, which required additional loan loss provisions, in large part attributable to a significant provisioning 
against two corporate customers. 
The cost of risk for the Group the year ended 31 December 2023 was 93 basis points, compared with 69 
basis points for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Costs of legal risk related to foreign currency loans 
The costs of legal risk related to foreign currency loans amounted to PLN 4,908.2 million for the year ended 
31 December 2023 compared with PLN 3,112.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. The major 
driver of these costs in 2023 was the change in the distribution of expected court rulings scenarios, the 
number of lawsuits expected by the Group, costs of the settlement programme and changes in other model 
and market parameters. 
Profit generated by the Group 
Taxes on the Group balance sheet items for the year ended 31 December 2023 were PLN 743.6 million 
compared with PLN 684.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group generated a profit before income tax in the amount of 
PLN 970.6 million, while in 2022, the Group reported a loss before income tax in the amount of PLN 108.0 
million. The Group's net profit attributable to the owners of the Bank for the year ended 31 December 2023 
was PLN 24.1 million compared with a loss of PLN 702.7 million in 2022. The Group's net return on equity 
was 0.2 per cent. in 2023 compared with -5.3 per cent. in 2022. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group's core business (which excludes the Group's FX mortgage 
loans segment) generated profit before income tax in the amount of PLN 5,988.4 million (compared with 
PLN 3,113.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022).

--- Page 165 ---
98042995.13 
165 
 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group's gross carrying amount of loans and advances to customers was PLN 
117.2 billion, out of which PLN 66.3 billion was to individuals, PLN 50.8 billion was to corporate entities 
and PLN 0.1 billion was to the public sector, compared with PLN 123.4 billion as of 31 December 2022 
(including PLN 71.1 billion to individuals, PLN 52.2 billion to corporate entities and PLN 0.1 billion to the 
public sector). 
Amounts due to customers amounted to PLN 185.5 billion as of 31 December 2023 (including PLN 128.4 
billion related to individual clients, PLN 56.4 billion related to corporate clients and PLN 0.6 billion related 
to the public sector) compared with PLN 174.1 billion as of 31 December 2022 (including PLN 122.9 
billion related to individual clients, PLN 50.0 billion to corporate clients and PLN 1.3 billion of public 
sector deposits). 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group's Total Capital Ratio was 17.04 per cent. compared with 16.36 per 
cent. as of 31 December 2022. The Group's Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 14.71 per cent. as of 
31 December 2023, compared with 13.81 per cent. as of 31 December 2022. The Group's Consolidated 
own funds stood at PLN 14.7 billion as of 31 December 2023, out of which PLN 12.7 billion was Tier 1 
capital. Compared to 31 December 2022, the Group's consolidated Tier 1 capital increased by PLN 566.3 
million, mainly due to a positive change in the valuation of debt financial instruments measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income and a decrease in the excess above the threshold amount of 
deferred tax assets referred to in Article 48 of the CRR Regulation. The Group's Tier 2 capital stood at PLN 
2.0 billion as of 31 December 2023, which represents a year-on-year decrease of PLN 239.4 million 
resulting from partial amortisation of subordinated debt in accordance with Article 64 of the CRR 
Regulation. The TREA of the Group as of 31 December 2023 amounted to PLN 86.5 billion (31 December 
2022: PLN 88.0 billion). The year-on-year decrease in the value of TREA was driven mainly by completion 
of a synthetic securitization transaction executed in September 2023 on a portfolio of retail non-mortgage 
loans with a total value of PLN 9,962.8 million. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group's consolidated leverage ratio calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the CRR Regulation and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/62 of 10 October 
2014, amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard 
to the leverage ratio, including the transitional definition of Tier 1 capital, amounted to 5.27 per cent. 
(compared with 5.44 per cent as of 31 December 2022).  
As of 31 December 2023, the Bank met the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities. The MREL 
ratio as of 31 December 2023 in relation to TREA was 25.62 per cent., including 24.65 per cent. for own 
funds and eligible subordinated liabilities. The MREL ratio in relation to TEM as of 31 December 2023 
was 9.15 per cent., including 8.81 per cent. for own funds and eligible subordinated liabilities. 
Financial results of the Group in the first half of 2024 
Income of the Group 
For the first half of 2024 ended 30 June 2024, the Group's total income was PLN 5,812.6 million, compared 
with PLN 5,197.1 million for the first half of 2023 ended 30 June 2023, which represents an increase of 
11.8 per cent. Excluding the impact of credit holidays in the first half of 2024 and in the first half of 2023, 
total income of the Group for the six-months ended 30 June 2024 increased by 18.0 per cent. compared to 
the six-months ended 30 June 2023. 
Net interest income remained the Group's largest income source in the first half of 2024 ended 30 June 
2024 (representing 77.5 per cent. of total income), amounting to PLN 4,504.7 million, compared with PLN 
4,233.7 million in the first half of 2023 (representing an increase of 6.4 per cent.). 
In the first half of 2024, interest income decreased by 5.3 per cent. to PLN 6,907.4 million (compared with 
PLN 7,295.8 million in the first half of 2023). Excluding the negative impact of credit holidays in the 
amount of PLN 256.8 million in the first half of 2024 and a positive impact of PLN 41.5 million in the first 
half of 2023, interest income decreased by 1.2 per cent. in the six-months ended 30 June 2024. 
In the six-months ended 30 June 2024, interest income from loans and advances decreased by PLN 265.0 
million or 4.9 per cent. compared to the six-months ended 30 June 2023 to PLN 5,169.6 million. Interest 
income from loans and advances includes interest income from loans and advances on the following items: 
financial assets measured at amortised cost, assets held for trading and non-trading financial assets

--- Page 166 ---
98042995.13 
166 
 
measured mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss. A decrease of interest income from loans and 
advances was a result of interest rate decreases. In September 2023 and October 2023, the NBP interest rate 
was reduced by 1 percentage point in aggregate from 6.75 per cent. to 5.75 per cent.  
In the first half of 2024, interest income from investment securities increased by PLN 64.3 million or 5.1 
per cent. compared to the six-months ended 30 June 2023 and reached PLN 1,329.0 million. Interest income 
from investment securities includes interest income on the following debt securities: financial assets 
measured at amortised cost, financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
and non-trading financial assets measured mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss. At the same time, 
interest income on debt securities held for trading declined by 23.0 per cent. to PLN 28.7 million from PLN 
37.3 million for the first half of 2023. Moreover, in the first half of 2024, interest income from cash and 
short-term funds increased by 42.1 per cent. (or PLN 164.8 million) compared to the six-months ended 30 
June 2023 to PLN 556.0 million and the Group recognised interest income on derivatives classified into 
banking book in the amount of PLN 41.7 million. 
In the first half of 2024, interest expense decreased by PLN 659.4 million or 21.5 per cent. compared to the 
first half of 2023 and was PLN 2,402.7 million. The decrease was driven mainly by lower deposit expenses, 
which declined by PLN 482.8 million compared to the first half of 2023 due to lower interest rates on 
deposits introduced after the interest rate decreases. In the six months ended 30 June 2024, interest expenses 
on derivatives concluded under the cash flow hedge decreased by PLN 167.2 million or 48.3 per cent. 
compared to the six-months ended 30 June 2023 and interest expense related to debt securities issued 
increased by PLN 36.2 million or 16.5 per cent. compared to the six-months ended 30 June 2023 due to the 
issuance of bonds under the EMTN programme and CLN bonds in connection with the securitisation 
transaction.in September 2023. In the first half of 2024, interest expense from subordinated liabilities 
decreased by PLN 8.5 million or 9.3 per cent compared to the first half of 2023. The Group's net interest 
margin for the first half of 2024 ended 30 June 2024 was 4.4 per cent. compared with 4.1 per cent. for the 
first half of 2023 ended 30 June 2023. 
The Group's net fee and commission income amounted to PLN 975.4 million in the first half of 2024 
compared with PLN 988.7 million in the first half of 2023. In the six months ended 30 June 2024, fee and 
commission income grew by 4.7 per cent. or PLN 70.5 million compared to the six months ended 30 June 
2023 to PLN 1,556.3 million. The largest item of fee and commission income, payment cards-related fees, 
increased by PLN 21.6 million or 6.5 per cent. compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023 reflecting 
the increased number and volume of card transactions. In the first half of 2024, commissions for agency 
services regarding the sale of other products of external financial entities increased by PLN 28.4 million or 
90.6 per cent. compared to the first half of 2023 due to increased sales of mortgage loans by mFinanse 
Commissions for agency services regarding the sale of insurance products of external financial entities 
increased by PLN 6.7 million or 10.2 per cent. compared to the first half of 2023. Fees from brokerage 
activity and debt securities issue increased by PLN 6.8 million or 8.3 per cent. compared to the first half of 
2023. Commissions from money transfers increased by PLN 5.6 million or 4.8 per cent. compared to the 
first half of 2023 as a result of an increased number of transactions. Commissions from bank accounts 
increased by PLN 2.9 million or 2.0 per cent. compared to the first half of 2023 due to rising numbers of 
accounts and changes in the Tariff of Banking Fees and Commissions. Fees from portfolio management 
services and other management-related fees the first half of 2024 were higher than in the first half of 2023 
by PLN 3.4 million or 27.8 per cent. A decline in fee and commission income in the first half of 2024 was 
noted in commissions from currency transactions (by PLN 3.8 million or 1.6 per cent. compared to the first 
half of 2023), commissions due to guarantees granted and trade finance commissions (by PLN 2.1 million 
or 3.5 per cent. compared to the first half of 2023), credit-related fees and commissions (by PLN 1.8 million 
or 0.6 per cent. compared to the first half of 2023) and fees from cash services (by PLN 0.4 million or 1.3 
per cent. compared to the first half of 2023). 
In the first half of 2024, fee and commission expense rose by PLN 83.9 million or 16.9 per cent. compared 
to the first half of 2023 and amounted to PLN 580.9 million. This increase was driven mainly by other 
discharged fees, commissions paid for sale of external financial entities’ products, commissions paid to 
external entities for the sale of the Group's products and by payment cards-related fees. 
In the first half of 2024, net trading income amounted to PLN 87.0 million and was higher by PLN 83.2 
million than in the first half of 2023. An increase in net trading income was driven mainly by foreign 
exchange result, which amounted to PLN 52.0 million in the first half of 2024 compared with PLN -48.6 
million in the first half of 2023. In the first half of 2024, gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities 
held for trading decreased by PLN 33.1 million compared to the first half of 2023 to PLN 23.4 million.

--- Page 167 ---
98042995.13 
167 
 
Gains or losses from hedge accounting increased by PLN 15.7 million compared to the first half of 2023 
and amounted to PLN 11.7 million in the first half of 2024. 
Dividend income amounted to PLN 9.2 million in the first half of 2024, increasing by 98.6 per cent. in 
comparison with the first half of 2023. 
Other income, including gains or losses on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured at 
fair value through profit or loss and gains or losses from non-trading equity instruments and debt securities 
mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss, amounted to PLN 17.7 million in the six-months 
ended 30 June 2024 compared with PLN -25.2 million in the first half of 2023. 
In the first half of 2024, net other operating income amounted to PLN 218.6 million, compared with PLN 
-8.6 million for the first half of 2023. In the six months ended 30 June 2024, other operating income 
increased by PLN 196.7 million or 137.9 per cent. compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023, while 
other operating expenses decreased by PLN 30.4 million or 20.1 per cent. compared to the six months ended 
30 June 2023. The increase in other operating income was driven predominantly by income from the 
recovery of receivables in connection with a final court judgement favourable to the Bank in the amount of 
PLN 164.0 million.  
Costs of the Group 
Total overhead costs (including depreciation) stood at PLN 1,670.0 million in the first half of 2024. They 
were higher than the corresponding period of 2023 by PLN 110.7 million or 7.1 per cent. 
In the first half of 2024, staff-related expenses amounted to PLN 775.5 million and were higher than in the 
first half of 2023 by PLN 86.0 million or 12.5 per cent. An increase in staff-related expenses was driven by 
an increase in the number of employees and increased salaries. In the first half of 2024, material costs 
amounted to PLN 441.7 million (an increase of 4.2 per cent. compared to the first half of 2023), while 
depreciation stood at PLN 275.3 million compared with PLN 238.1 million in the first half of 2023. In the 
first half of 2024, the Group's contributions and transfers to the BGF decreased by PLN 35.0 million (or 
19.3 per cent.) compared to the first half of 2023. They amounted to PLN 146.8 million in the first half of 
2024 compared with PLN 181.8 million in the first half of 2023. 
As a result of changes in income and expenses, the cost to income ratio for the first half of 2024 was 28.7 
per cent. (compared with 30.0 per cent. for the first half of 2023). 
Net impairment losses and fair value change on loans and advances 
In the first half of 2024, net impairment losses and fair value change on loans and advances of the Group 
(calculated as the sum of two items: impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured 
at fair value through profit or loss and gains or losses on non-trading loans and advances mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit or loss) stood at PLN -219.4 million compared with PLN -371.1 
million in the first half of 2023. This decrease resulted mainly from an increasing number of retail customers 
meeting their payment obligations, the recalibration in the model made in the first half of 2024 and the 
positive impact of the sales of non-performing loans. In the first half of 2024, impairment or reversal of 
impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss amounted to PLN -217.9 
million, while gains or losses on non-trading loans and advances mandatorily measured at fair value through 
profit or loss amounted to PLN -1.4 million. 
Costs of legal risk related to foreign currency loans 
The costs of legal risk related to foreign currency loans were PLN 2,404.0 million in the first half of 2024, 
while in the first half of 2023 they amounted to PLN 2,348.7 million. The costs were mainly driven by the 
update of model parameters for the future expected costs of execution of court judgments, in particular 
updating the estimates of statutory interest costs in relation to the pending court cases. 
Profit generated by the Group 
Taxes on the Group's balance sheet items for the first half of 2024 were PLN 367.1 million, compared with 
PLN 372.7 million for the first half of 2023.

--- Page 168 ---
98042995.13 
168 
 
Consequently, in the first half of 2024, the Group's profit before income tax was PLN 1,152.0 million, 
compared with PLN 545.3 million for the first half of 2023, which represents an increase of 111.3 per cent. 
The Group's net profit attributable to the owners of the Bank for the first half of 2024 was PLN 684.4 
million, compared with the net profit of PLN 127.3 million generated in the in the first half of 2023. The 
Group's net return on equity for the first half of 2024 stood at 9.6 per cent., compared with 1.9 per cent. for 
the first half of 2023. 
In the first half of 2024, the Group's core business generated profit before income tax in the amount of PLN 
3,587.6 million and net profit attributable to the Owners of mBank S.A in the amount of PLN 2,746.9 
million. The net return on equity on the Group's core business for the first half of 2024 was 40.3 per cent. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Group's gross carrying amount of loans and advances to customers amounted to 
PLN 125.0 billion, out of which PLN 67.4 billion was to individuals, PLN 57.4 billion was to corporate 
entities and PLN 0.2 billion was to the public sector, compared with PLN 117.2 billion as of 31 December 
2023 (including PLN 66.3 billion to individuals, PLN 50.8 billion to corporate entities and PLN 0.1 billion 
to the public sector). 
Amounts due to customers amounted to PLN 187.5 billion as of 30 June 2024 (including PLN 133.6 billion 
related to individual clients, PLN 53.0 billion related to corporate clients and PLN 0.9 billion related to 
public sector) compared with PLN 185.5 billion as of 31 December 2023. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Total Capital Ratio of the Group stood at 15.5 per cent. and the Common Equity 
Tier 1 capital ratio was 13.7 per cent. The following factors had the most significant influence on the 
Group's capital ratios in the first half of 2024: 
- 
costs of legal risk related to CHF mortgage loans; 
- 
partial amortisation of subordinated liabilities included in the calculation of own funds; 
- 
an increase in the valuation of debt instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income; and 
- 
the inclusion of part of the Group's net profit for the first quarter of 2024 in Tier 1 capital after obtaining 
the consent of the KNF. 
As of 30 June 2024, the consolidated leverage ratio of the Group calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the CRR Regulation and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/62 of 10 October 
2014, amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard 
to the leverage ratio, was 5.2 per cent. 
Consolidated financial data of the Group 
The following tables present consolidated financial data of the Group as of and for the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and as of and for the six months periods ended 30 June 2024 and 
30 June 2023. They were extracted from the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements (audited) and the H1 
2024 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited), as applicable. 
Consolidated Income Statements 
 
The first half of the year 
ended 30 June  
Year ended 31 December  
 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 (R) 
 
(PLN thousands) 
(PLN thousands) 
Interest income ...................................................................................
6,907,391 
7,295,761 
14,826,765 
9,265,806 
Interest expenses .............................................................................. 
(2,402,653) 
(3,062,016) 
(5,953,294)  
(3,341,812) 
Net interest income ......................................................................... 
4,504,738 
4,233,745 
8,873,471 
5,923,994 
Fee and commission income ............................................................ 
1,556,267 
1,485,747 
3,015,912 
3,026,096 
Fee and commission expenses .......................................................... 
(580,913) 
(497,043) 
(1,100,004) 
(906,019) 
Net fee and commission income ..................................................... 
975,354 
988,704 
1,915,908 
2,120,077 
Dividend income .............................................................................. 
9,189 
4,628 
9,486 
5,236 
Net trading income ........................................................................... 
87,009 
3,854 
73,343 
97,198 
Gains or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair 
value through profit or loss 
11,880 
4,880 
34,100 
(50,924) 
Gains or losses on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities 
not measured at fair value through profit or loss .............................. 
4,378 
(51,352) 
(50,941) 
(91,548) 
Other operating income .................................................................... 
339,354 
142,622 
317,712 
265,162

--- Page 169 ---
98042995.13 
169 
 
 
The first half of the year 
ended 30 June  
Year ended 31 December  
 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 (R) 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss .................................... 
(217,947) 
(349,850) 
(1,076,778) 
(817,972) 
Costs of legal risk related to foreign currency loans ......................... 
(2,404,044) 
(2,348,680) 
(4,908,205) 
(3,112,265) 
Overhead costs ................................................................................. 
(1,394,713) 
(1,321,198) 
(2,570,433) 
(2,851,881) 
Depreciation ..................................................................................... 
(275,313) 
(238,131) 
(504,016) 
(467,308) 
Other operating expenses ................................................................. 
(120,764) 
(151,201) 
(399,507) 
(443,613) 
Operating profit ............................................................................. 
1,519,121 
918,021 
1,714,140 
576,156 
Taxes on the Group balance sheet items ........................................... 
(367,128) 
(372,720) 
(743,552) 
(684,175) 
Profit / (loss) before income tax ..................................................... 
1,151,993 
545,301 
970,588 
(108,019) 
Income tax expense .......................................................................... 
(467,537) 
(418,008) 
(946,530) 
(594,508) 
Net profit / (loss) ............................................................................. 
684,456 
127,293 
24,058 
(702,527) 
Net profit / (loss) attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
Owners of mBank S.A. .................................................................... 
684,379 
127,337 
24,054 
(702,691) 
Non-controlling interests .................................................................. 
77 
(44) 
4 
164 
R – restated 
Source: 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements (audited), H1 2024 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
The first half of the year 
ended 30 June 
Year ended 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 
(PLN thousands) 
(PLN thousands) 
Net profit / (loss) .........................................................................  
684,456 
127,293 
24,058 
(702,527) 
Other comprehensive income net of tax, including: ................  
180,582 
623,046 
987,085 
(313,225) 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income 
statement 
180,582 
623,046 
993,622 
(316,696) 
 Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (net) ..  
219 
(12,144) 
(36,667) 
6,194 
 Cash flow hedges (net) ................................................................  
89,435 
281,685 
482,405 
(296,666) 
 Cost of hedge (net) ......................................................................  
(4,309) 
(13,853) 
(20,714) 
27,105 
 Change in valuation of debt instruments at fair value through 
 other comprehensive income (net)  .................................................
 
95,237 
 
367,358 
568,598 
(53,329) 
Items that will not be reclassified to the income statement 
- 
- 
(6,537) 
3,471 
Actuarial gains and losses relating to post-employment benefits 
(net) ..............................................................................................  
- 
- 
(6,537) 
3,471 
Total comprehensive income (net) ............................................  
865,038 
750,339 
1,011,143 
(1,015,752) 
Total comprehensive income (net), attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
 Owners of mBank S.A. ...............................................................  
864,961 
750,383 
1,011,139 
(1,015,916) 
 Non-controlling interests .............................................................  
77 
(44) 
4 
164 
Source: 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements (audited), H1 2024 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 
As of  
30 June 
2024 
As of  
31 December  
2023 
As of 
31 December  
2022 (R) 
 
(PLN thousands) 
(PLN thousands) 
(PLN thousands) 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ...............................................................  
21,707,034 
36,702,427 
16,250,951 
Financial assets held for trading and hedging derivatives ................  
1,637,731 
1,760,033 
2,524,652 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit 
or loss, including: ............................................................................  
 
907,821 
898,798 
1,044,189 
   Equity instruments ........................................................................  
306,424 
244,941 
185,788 
   Debt securities ..............................................................................  
51,513 
50,144 
45,009 
   Loans and advances to customers ................................................  
549,884 
603,713 
813,392 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
37,452,641 
36,965,077 
35,117,450 
Financial assets at amortised cost, including:  .................................  
161,138,327 
143,319,329 
147,902,186 
   Debt securities ..............................................................................  
28,949,932 
23,323,690 
19,002,527 
   Loans and advances to banks .......................................................  
11,577,948 
7,119,059 
9,569,629 
   Loans and advances to customers ................................................  
120,610,447 
112,876,580 
119,330,030 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest 
rate risk .................................................................................................. 
16,334 
20,204 
3,064 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale ..  
- 
- 
26,747 
Intangible assets ..............................................................................  
1,763,204 
1,701,939 
1,391,707 
Tangible assets ................................................................................  
1,461,714 
1,481,401 
1,484,933 
Investment properties ......................................................................  
100,486 
111,964 
136,909 
Current income tax assets ................................................................  
27,032 
41,035 
28,302 
Deferred income tax assets ..............................................................  
1,226,253 
1,379,540 
1,875,728

--- Page 170 ---
98042995.13 
170 
 
 
As of  
30 June 
2024 
As of  
31 December  
2023 
As of 
31 December  
2022 (R) 
 
(PLN thousands) 
(PLN thousands) 
(PLN thousands) 
Other assets .....................................................................................  
2,857,014 
2,598,769 
2,105,295 
Total assets .....................................................................................  
230,295,591 
226,980,516 
209,892,113 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES & EQUITY 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading and hedging derivatives ..........  
1,691,718 
1,495,754 
2,086,111 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost, including: .............  
204,720,136 
203,458,575 
190,567,661 
   Amounts due to banks ................................................................... 
3,231,573 
3,315,302 
3,270,223 
   Amounts due to customers ............................................................  
187,531,268 
185,467,455 
174,130,914 
   Lease liabilities  ...........................................................................  
819,438 
855,725 
960,324 
   Debt securities issued ...................................................................  
10,476,503 
11,105,165 
9,465,479 
   Subordinated liabilities ................................................................  
2,661,354 
2,714,928 
2,740,721 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest 
rate risk .................................................................................................. 
(545,286) 
(565,985) 
(1,528,582) 
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale ....  
- 
- 
7,375 
Provisions ........................................................................................  
3,384,924 
2,345,584 
1,362,259 
Current income tax liabilities ..........................................................  
203,177 
201,184 
571,456 
Deferred income tax liabilities ........................................................  
- 
- 
- 
Other liabilities ................................................................................  
6,231,543 
6,308,178 
4,110,802 
Total liabilities ...............................................................................  
215,686,212 
213,243,290 
197,177,082 
Total equity ....................................................................................  
14,609,379 
13,737,226 
12,715,031 
Total liabilities and equity ............................................................  
230,295,591 
226, 980,516 
209,892,113 
R – restated 
Source: 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements (audited), H1 2024 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
Items from Consolidated Cash Flow Statements 
The first half of the year 
ended 30 June  
Year ended  
31 December 
2024 
2023 (R) 
2023 
2022 (R) 
(PLN thousands)  
(PLN thousands) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the reporting 
period ...........................................................................................   
36,702,427 
16,250,951 
16,250,951 
12,540,599 
Cash flows from operating activities ............................................  
(13,962,351) 
1,758,588 
19,498,985 
7,985,988 
Cash flows from investing activities.............................................  
(379,087) 
(286,556)  
(614,871) 
(495,740) 
Cash flows from financing activities ............................................  
(659,617) 
(1,335,354) 
1,569,107 
(3,783,916) 
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ...  
5,662 
(6,144) 
(1,745) 
4,020 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the reporting period .......  
21,707,034 
16,381,485 
36,702,427 
16,250,951 
Net increase/decrease in cash and cash equivalents ......................  
(15,001,055) 
136,678 
20,453,221 
3,706,332 
R – restated 
Source: 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements (audited), H1 2024 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
Key Financial Ratios 
The table below presents selected financial ratios for the Group (except LCR and NSFR, which are 
presented for the Bank) as of the dates and for the periods indicated below. 
 
 
As of and for the first 
half of the year ended  
30 June 
As of and for  
the year ended  
31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 
 
(per cent.) 
ROE gross ........................................................................................................ 
16.1 
8.1 
7.1 
-0.8 
ROE net ............................................................................................................ 
9.6 
1.9 
0.2 
-5.3 
ROA net ........................................................................................................... 
0.61 
0.12 
0.01 
-0.34 
Cost to income ratio (C/I) ................................................................................. 
28.7 
30.0 
28.5 
42.2 
Net interest margin (NIM) ................................................................................ 
4.4 
4.1 
4.2 
3.7 
Non-performing loans ratio (NPL ratio) ........................................................... 
4.3 
4.1 
4.2 
4.0 
NPL ratio – corporate portfolio ........................................................................ 
4.9 
4.6 
4.7 
4.8 
NPL ratio – retail portfolio ............................................................................... 
4.1 
3.9 
4.0 
3.5 
NPL ratio of mortgage loan portfolio to private individuals (Poland) .............. 
2.3 
2.2 
2.4 
2.1 
NPL ratio of mortgage loan portfolio in PLN to private individuals (Poland)  . 
1.12 
0.95 
1.05 
0.79 
NPL Coverage ratio .......................................................................................... 
54.2 
53.3 
54.7 
52.2

--- Page 171 ---
98042995.13 
171 
 
 
As of and for the first 
half of the year ended  
30 June 
As of and for  
the year ended  
31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 
 
(per cent.) 
Cost of risk ....................................................................................................... 
0.37 
0.62 
0.93 
0.69 
Loan-to-deposit ratio ........................................................................................ 
64.6 
67.0 
61.2 
69.0 
Equity to assets................................................................................................. 
6.3 
6.3 
6.1 
6.1 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)1 ..................................................................... 
213 
199 
217 
186 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)2 ................................................................... 
152 
154 
157 
150 
 
1 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) – a relation of liquid assets of the liquidity buffer to the expected net outflows within 30 calendar 
days. 
2 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) – a relation of own funds and stable liabilities ensuring stable financing to illiquid assets and 
receivables requiring stable financing."

--- Page 172 ---
98042995.13 
172 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
Overview 
The Group is one of the largest financial services groups in Poland providing retail, corporate and 
investment banking as well as other financial services. The Group's leading positions are confirmed by data 
published by the KNF and the NBP, as well as by Puls Biznesu reports. As of 30 June 2024, the Group was 
the fifth largest banking group in the Polish market in terms of total assets, customer loans and deposits 
according to the financial statements published by Polish banks (Source: mBank estimates). Furthermore, 
the Group has leading positions in Poland in mobile and internet banking, brokerage, factoring and leasing 
and distribution of insurance products (Sources: Puls Biznesu, the Warsaw Stock Exchange, the Polish 
Factors Association, the Polish Leasing Association). 
Despite strong competition in the Polish financial sector, the Bank's client base in terms of numbers of 
customers has grown almost entirely organically, reaching 5,715,926 retail customers (including 1,101,950 
in the Czech Republic and Slovakia) and 34,546 corporate customers as of 31 December 2023. In the first 
half of 2024, the number of retail customers was 5,678,793 (including 1,102,606 in the Czech Republic and 
Slovakia). A decline in the number of retail customers in the first half of 2024 was driven by closing of 
inactive accounts. The number of corporate customers as of 30 June 2024 reached 35,729. 
The main products and services which the Group provides to retail customers, including private banking 
customers, comprise, in particular, current and saving accounts, business accounts for microbusinesses, 
credit products, deposit products, payment cards, investment products, insurance products (including 
bancassurance products), brokerage services, and leasing for microbusinesses. The Group offers a wide 
variety of credit products to its retail customers, including consumer loans, mortgage loans and brokerage 
lines. On the deposit side, the Bank focuses on savings and current accounts as well as term deposits. The 
Bank also offers its retail customers brokerage products, investment funds, transaction services and foreign 
exchange services. 
The Bank has replicated its retail banking model in foreign markets. In 2007, the Bank launched operations 
in the Czech Republic and Slovakia, focusing initially on transactional and deposit products and then 
expanding also into non-mortgage and mortgage loans as the Bank has been able to establish and develop 
strong client relationships. At the end of 2014, mBank launched a new mobile application for clients of its 
foreign branches in the Czech Republic and Slovakia, building on its success in the domestic market. As a 
result, mBank in the Czech Republic and Slovakia is a fully fledged retail bank representing a successful 
extension of its Polish business model. 
The Group's range of products and services for corporate clients is focused on transactional banking 
products and services (primarily business accounts, local and foreign transfers, payment cards, cash services 
and liquidity management products). They are combined with business financing products which are used 
as a means for maintaining long-term banking relationships with clients and a platform for cross-selling 
more sophisticated non-capital intensive products and services (such as hedging instruments, services 
relating to the equity capital markets ("ECM"), debt capital markets ("DCM") and mergers and acquisitions 
("M&A"), as well as factoring and leasing). 
The Management Board of the Bank believes that the Bank's distribution concept for its clients combines 
the most technologically advanced solutions adapted for the Polish banking market and the current and 
future operating environment, including internet and mobile-based tools (such as its retail banking platform 
and corporate banking internet platform "mBank CompanyNet"), premium service quality and a mid-sized 
physical distribution network located throughout Poland. The Bank relies mainly on mobile and online 
distribution channels supported by a network of branches and the Contact Centre. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Bank's distribution network in Poland included: (i) its own organically grown 
countrywide retail network of 127 locations of mBank branded outlets and 179 outlets comprising mKiosk 
outlets, mFinanse Financial Centres and agency service points; as well as (ii) 29 corporate branches and 14 
corporate offices.  
The Bank continually seeks to optimise its branch network, taking into account the economic rationale for 
operations of particular outlets. The internet and mobile transaction platform supported by branch-light 
model gives the Group a low fixed cost base and a high degree of operating flexibility.

--- Page 173 ---
98042995.13 
173 
 
History 
The Bank was established in 1986 under the business name of Bank Rozwoju Eksportu SA (renamed as 
"BRE Bank" from 23 March 1999). The State Treasury of the Republic of Poland and the NBP were among 
its founding shareholders. The Bank was originally dedicated solely to serving corporate customers and 
focused on granting foreign currency loans to Polish exporters for the purchase of investment goods and 
technology. 
Following its initial public offering in 1992, under which the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland sold 
a portion of its shareholding, the Bank's shares were admitted to trading on the regulated market operated 
by the WSE. 
In 1994, the Bank signed a strategic partnership agreement with Commerzbank, which purchased 21 per 
cent. of the Bank's shares. Subsequently the Bank's share capital was increased. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Commerzbank holds shares representing 69.1 per cent. of the Bank's share capital and of the 
total number of votes at the Bank's General Shareholders' Meeting. 
In 1998, the Bank merged with Polski Bank Rozwoju S.A. ("PBR") following the acquisition of PBR's 
shares in a public tender offer. 
In 2000, the Bank started its retail operations by launching mBank, a fully internet-based bank, which was 
a pioneering project in the Polish market. During the first decade of the 21st century, it managed to become 
one of the leading online banks in Poland in terms of the number of accounts and developed a network of 
small branches (Source: Puls Biznesu reports dated 13 March 2024, 14 March 2024, 2 April 2024, 11 June 
2024 and 12 June 2024). 
In 2001, the Bank added a second retail brand, MultiBank, a high street bricks-and-mortar bank. MultiBank 
offered a broad range of products and services targeted at affluent customers and micro-businesses seeking 
a high-quality, personalised service. 
In November 2007, the Bank expanded into the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Systematically developing 
the product range and introducing convenient transactional solutions, mBank has become a recognised 
brand in both countries. As of 30 June 2024, the Bank provided services to 1,102.6 thousand customers in 
the Czech Republic and Slovakia through its internet and mobile platforms and 45 branches. 
The rebranding of the "BRE Bank" and "MultiBank" brands as the "mBank" brand on 25 November 2013 
represented a significant milestone for the Group; and "mBank" branding has subsequently been used in 
every market and in every area of the Bank's operations. As part of the rebranding process, most Group 
companies have also changed their names by adding the prefix "m". The principal objective of the 
rebranding was to create a coherent banking offer across all businesses previously represented by distinctive 
brands, including BRE Bank, mBank, MultiBank as well as BRE Private Banking & Wealth Management. 
In 2014, the Bank entered into a strategic co-operation arrangement with the AXA Group. In March 2015, 
the Group sold its insurance subsidiary, BRE Ubezpieczenia TUiR, to the AXA Group and entered into 
agreements with the AXA Group which regulated long-term co-operation between the Bank and the AXA 
Group for the distribution of life and non-life insurance products. In April 2021, AXA companies co-
operating with mBank were incorporated into the UNIQA Group. mBank continues to develop co-operation 
with UNIQA in the field of bancassurance. 
In October 2015, the Bank conducted a successful migration of customers of the former MultiBank and 
customers of BRE Private Banking & Wealth Management to the Bank. Approximately 630,000 customers, 
along with their products and full transaction history, were moved onto the Bank's new platform. 
Since mid-2016, the Bank has been guided by its "Mobile Bank" strategy, which was based on three pillars 
and forms a framework for the Bank's business initiatives and operational activities. These pillars are client-
centricity (empathy), developing the Bank's competitive advantage in the area of mobility and continued 
efficiency improvements. 
In 2017, the Bank funded its mAccelerator project by purchasing PLN 221.2 million of investment 
certificates in the Future Tech FIZ Closed-End Investment Fund (the "Fund"). The Fund is the Bank's EUR 
50 million venture capital fund, launched in June 2017. As of 30 June 2024, the Bank held 98.04 per cent. 
of the Fund's investment certificates. The Fund engages in seed as well as later-stage investments in start-

--- Page 174 ---
98042995.13 
174 
 
ups with solutions applicable to the banking and financial sectors, with a current focus on cybersecurity, 
biometry, robotic process automation, artificial intelligence and digital marketing (including chatbots and 
messengers). 
In 2018, the Bank refreshed its online banking for individuals and small and medium-sized enterprises 
("SMEs") (except for mBank CompanyNet addressed to corporate clients). The Bank also changed and 
added new features to its mobile application launched in February 2014. Focusing on new challenges and 
maximising efficiency, the Bank launched e-commerce services via mElements S.A. ("mElements") – a 
company specialising in innovative banking application programming interface ("API") solutions. 
mElements maintains mBank's API platform, which was created as a result of the Directive (EU) 2015/2366 
on payment services in the internal market, amending Directives 2002/65/EC, 2009/110/EC and 
2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, and repealing Directive 2007/64/EC ("EU PSD 2"), and 
uses its established know-how to expand the Group's offer. In 2020, mElements and mBank implemented 
the Paynow payment gateway. It is an online payment system for e-commerce that uses cloud solutions. 
In December 2019, the Management Board of mBank adopted, and the Supervisory Board approved, the 
new Strategy of the Group for 2020-2023, titled "Growth fuelled by our clients", which focussed on the 
following areas: client (acquisition and development of long-term relationships); platform (ecosystem, user 
experience); efficiency (operational); and employees and organisation culture. 
In December 2020, the Management Board of mBank decided to establish its own investment fund 
company under the name of mTowarzystwo Funduszy Inwestycyjnych Spółka Akcyjna ("mTFI"). The 
company was founded on 8 April 2021. The Bank acquired 100 per cent. of the shares of mTFI, representing 
100 per cent. of the voting rights. From the beginning of 2023, the Group started to consolidate mTFI, 
which started its operating activities. 
On 29 October 2021, the Management Board of mBank adopted, and the Supervisory Board approved, the 
Group Strategy. ESG aspects are an integral part of the Group's activity and they are reflected and embedded 
in the Group Strategy. 
At the mid-point of the implementation of is strategy, in December 2023, the Group updated and redefined 
its ESG goals in order to further integrate them into the Group's priorities and activity, risk and management 
processes.  
Competitive Strengths 
Leading Market Position across Key Segments 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group's market share in total assets of the Polish banking sector was 7.5 per 
cent. (compared with 7.7 per cent. as of 31 December 2022) according to monthly data published by the 
KNF. The Group has a leading position in retail, corporate and investment banking in Poland (Source: the 
NBP). 
As of 30 June 2024, the market share of the Group in total loans to the non-financial sector in Poland was 
7.8 per cent. (7.9 per cent. as of 31 December 2023), while the Group's market share in total deposits of the 
non-financial sector in Poland was 8.7 per cent. (compared with 9.0 per cent. as of 31 December 2023), in 
each case according to monthly data published by the NBP on the assets and liabilities of monetary financial 
institutions. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Group's market share in retail loans in Poland was 7.7 per cent. (8.3 per cent. in 
mortgage loans and 6.8 per cent. in non-mortgage loans) compared with 7.9 per cent. as of 31 December 
2023 (8.4 per cent. in mortgage loans and 7.0 per cent. in non-mortgage loans), according to the Monetary 
and financial statistics published by the NBP. As of 30 June 2024, the Group's market share in retail deposits 
in Poland was 8.3 per cent. (compared with 8.4 per cent as of 31 December 2023) according to monthly 
data published by the NBP on the assets and liabilities of monetary financial institutions. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Group's market share in corporate loans and corporate deposits in Poland was 8.2 
per cent. and 10.4 per cent., respectively (based on NBP figures). Furthermore, the Bank has been 
consistently ranked as one of the leading banks providing investment banking services in Poland. Based on 
the NBP monthly report "Information on banks' activity and financial markets", mBank's market share in 
Treasury bills and bonds as a dealer was 11.7 per cent., while in IRS/forward rate agreement ("FRA") 14.7 
per cent. as of 30 June 2024.

--- Page 175 ---
98042995.13 
175 
 
Mobile banking icon 
mBank remains the leader in mobile banking in Poland (Source: Puls Biznesu report dated 12 June 2024). 
Nominally, the Bank has the second largest number of active users of mobile applications according to the 
Puls Biznesu report dated 11 June 2024, but it has the highest share of active users of mobile applications 
in relation to retail customers. As of 30 June 2024, the number of active users of mBank's mobile application 
was 3,730,000 including 3,242,000 in Poland (compared with 3,646,000 users, including 3,168,000 users 
in Poland, as of 31 December 2023). Moreover, the number of monthly active users ("MAU") amounted to 
3.4 million. 
The Bank's "mobile first" model is: 
• 
"light", in the sense that it relies mainly on mobile and online distribution channels supported by a 
network of mBank branches and the Contact Centre; and 
• 
"tailored", in that it seeks to adjust to changing customer preferences (for example, increasingly 
customer contact with banking institutions is transferring to remote channels). The Bank employs 
digital channels for sales and client acquisition to a greater extent than competing banks in Poland, 
which have historically maintained a more traditional and outlet-based distribution model. 
Global trends such as mobility, self-service and e-commerce development will shape the expansion 
opportunities and expectations of customers in relation to distribution channels. Over the past years, mBank 
has already achieved significant progress in this area. For example, the number of logins to mobile 
applications exceeded the number of logins to transactional services. The growth of sales in digital channels 
is significantly higher than the dynamic of business growth in general. Increasing numbers of customers 
take out cash loans through the mobile application. The share of non-mortgage loans sold through the 
mobile application in relation to overall sales of non-mortgage loans increased to 63 per cent in the first 
half of 2024. 
mBank's investment platform - the Investment Fund Supermarket - is available in the mBank mobile 
application. Personal Finance Manager ("PFM") is a tool available in mBank's mobile application that helps 
clients manage their budget. The number of users of PFM reached an average of 1.6 million in the first half 
of 2024. mBank has also expanded its offer of mobile wallets as the popularity of mobile cards has been 
growing year by year. All stand-alone insurance products, including car, home, travel, and health and life 
insurance for clients and their close ones, are available in the mBank mobile application. 
Light structure and contact channels 
Given its multi-channel approach, which has been designed to anticipate and follow the changing needs of 
clients, the Management Board believes that the Bank's current sales mix is already ahead of what is 
expected to be the pattern of distribution prevailing in the banking sector in the coming years, most 
importantly mobile, internet, video and call centre channels rapidly gaining importance as demonstrated by 
the sales levels of various banking products generated by these channels compared with traditional branches. 
In the first half of 2024, 89 per cent. of processes in the retail banking area were initiated by the clients in 
digital channels. The Bank promotes a self-service model in which retail customers operate their accounts 
via mobile banking, the internet and telephone banking, allowing the Bank to leverage its premium client 
access by proactively using modern real time marketing. 
mBank's customers highly value the availability of financial services via remote channels (contact / 
interaction via chat, call centre and video calls) and the facilities that mBank provides for customers with 
disabilities (e.g. sign language communication). 
Favourable demographics 
mBank's innovative and unique business model puts the Bank in a good position to target young, aspiring, 
tech-savvy clients. 
Thanks to its digital approach from the start, mBank has been able to acquire younger customers located in 
larger cities compared with other Polish banks. The acquisition of young customers is expected to be a 
strong factor in future higher profitability as it gives the Bank a higher probability to be a first-choice bank 
when it comes to such customers' serious financial decisions as they age.

--- Page 176 ---
98042995.13 
176 
 
mBank's average client age is well below the age at which a bank's revenue per client reaches its maximum. 
The vast number of mBank clients will start or continue maturing in their financial life which is the main 
driver of future growth. The Bank believes that this puts it in a strong position to benefit from additional 
cross-selling opportunities with respect to banking and insurance products. The Bank believes that the 
maturity profile of the Bank's customer base provides a natural source for revenue growth as well as 
supporting the asset quality of the Group and the responsiveness of its clients to cross-selling initiatives. 
Moreover, mBank's mortgage clients live predominantly in urban areas and large cities of more than 
100,000 residents. The Bank believes that its retail customer base consists of a wealthy demographic. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Group's retail customer base reached 5,679 thousand, including 4,576 thousand in 
Poland. 
Strong corporate and investment banking business 
The strong position of the Bank's corporate and investment banking business in Poland results primarily 
from its comprehensive offering of financial products and services, diversified distribution channels, 
including a branch and office network exclusively dedicated to corporate customers and an integrated 
mBank CompanyNet internet platform, as well as long-standing relationships with its customers. In 
addition to its standard range of corporate banking products and services, the Bank provides tailor-made 
product solutions to meet the increasingly complex demands of its clients. 
The Bank also operates a modern customer relationship management ("CRM") system which enables it to 
perform comprehensive analyses of corporate customers' potential and needs for banking products and 
services. The tool effectively supports the Bank's increasing cross-selling activities. 
The Bank's comprehensive cash management offer supports long-term relationships with clients. The Bank 
offers state-of-the-art solutions to facilitate planning, monitoring and management of most liquid assets, 
cash processing and electronic banking. 
The Bank's investment banking functions are integrated with its corporate banking functions in order to 
offer to its corporate clients fully integrated commercial banking products, services and solutions along 
with its investment banking services, such as ECM, DCM and M&A advisory services, and to build 
potential for the future extension of its integrated corporate and investment banking offer to medium-sized 
corporate clients. The Bank's investment banking products and services, as well as commercial lending 
products, structured finance and market risk hedging instruments complement its core transactional banking 
products offered to corporate clients. The Bank introduces new products to the offer on a regular basis and 
pays special attention to providing remote access to its services. 
The Group's corporate customer base has grown from 33,025 clients as of 31 December 2022 to 34,546 
clients as of 31 December 2023 and 35,729 as of 30 June 2024. 
Unique, award-winning, high-tech, branch-light platform underpins the Bank's rapid growth of 
operations and gives the Group a competitive advantage 
The Bank has built an advanced, innovative and versatile high-tech internet and mobile transaction platform 
that is adapted for the banking market where the Bank is present and the current and future operating 
environment. 
The Bank has an innovative, integrated and reliable IT platform. This platform architecture allows the Bank 
to develop and introduce new products, services and sales channels rapidly, inexpensively and with a low 
operational risk. The Bank's data warehouse gives fast, high-quality, detailed and aggregated reporting of 
service quality, network, customer and product profitability, risk performance, and employee performance. 
The Management Board believes that the Bank's flexible IT infrastructure will enable the Bank to manage 
its business expansion strategy. 
mBank's widely recognised operational excellence is based on the state-of-the-art user interface for online 
banking, next-generation mobile application and video banking, as well as a real-time, event-driven CRM 
system based on client behaviour patterns. The whole product offer is centred around the current account, 
with a broad spectrum of financial services accessible in just "one click", as the strategic aim of mBank is 
to be the most convenient transactional bank on the market. mBank's internet platform available to clients 
is modern, convenient, easy-to-access and user-friendly. The Bank has also been systematically expanding

--- Page 177 ---
98042995.13 
177 
 
the mobile application to provide customers with the possibility of managing their finances wherever they 
are. 
Giving priority to users' comfort, the Bank regularly improves its offering and thus remains at the forefront 
of institutions introducing new solutions, such as BLIK, Google Pay and Apple Pay payments. mBank has 
been accompanying its customers in their everyday lives for 24 years, providing a wide range of additional 
services based on online or mobile banking. These involve, among others, the possibility to create a free-
of-charge trusted profile in mBank's transactional platform in order to handle administrative matters online 
in the public administration services, and the possibility to submit an application for the "Family 800+" 
benefit online. Further benefits include additional services, such as mOkazje (mDiscounts). Moreover, 
mBank and Morele.net signed a strategic partnership in June 2024 to build an online shopping platform, 
which is currently in its pilot phase. 
The account-integrated internet transaction platform enables the Bank to provide real-time marketing and 
effectively cross-sell its products and services to its customers. The highly innovative and user-friendly 
internet and mobile platform allows the Bank to attract new clients to the Bank, while the ability to bundle 
new products and services to existing clients increases their loyalty to the Bank and supports client retention 
rates. 
Prudent risk management 
The Group views risk management as an essential part of its activities. It has a decisive influence on the 
Bank's choice of business strategies, selection of target customers and optimisation of profitability versus 
risks. The quality of its risk management constitutes part of the Group's competitive advantage. The Group's 
risk management system, which conforms to the highest market standards, includes up-to-date 
methodologies and procedures for risk identification and measurement, and tools supporting measurement 
and monitoring of risk with respect to individual types of inherent risks in the Group's business. 
The Group also considers that one of its competitive strengths is its efficient credit process and strict 
origination standards, both in respect of corporate and retail customers. Despite the difficult 
macroeconomic environment in 2023, the NPL ratio of the Group increased only marginally. At the end of 
2023, the NPL ratio in the Group was 4.2 per cent., while, according to the KNF data, the average NPL 
ratio of the Polish banking sector was 5.4 per cent. As of 30 June 2024, the Group's NPL ratio was 4.3 per 
cent compared with 4.1 per cent. as of 30 June 2023. 
Nonetheless, the Group strives continuously to optimise its lending procedures and to manage and monitor 
exposure to individual customers actively. 
Experienced and dynamic management team driving a culture of innovation 
The Management Board comprises bankers with extensive experience of working in Polish and 
international financial institutions. The senior management team has a strong track record and has been 
instrumental in the development of the Bank's business model, its culture of innovation and in delivering 
the Group's high levels of profitability on a consistent basis. 
The Management Board and the Supervisory Board of the Bank apply "The Policy for the Assessment of 
Qualifications (Suitability), Appointment and Dismissal of Members of the Bank’s Body at mBank S.A. 
and Brokerage Office authorities." The Policy introduced minimum role requirements, which must be 
fulfilled so that key functions in the Bank are held by individuals who have relevant qualifications, 
knowledge, skills, professional experience and reputation. The Group's management strategy has helped 
the Group to maintain its leading position in the Polish banking market while consistently improving 
revenues amid a challenging economic environment marked by continued uncertainty in the financial 
markets globally. 
Competent employees 
mBank is "distinguished by people", and the commitment, competence and work input of its employees are 
the foundations of mBank's achievements. mBank's employees are relatively young: as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, 36 per cent. are below the age of 35. They are well-educated: as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, 82 per cent. are graduates of higher education institutions. Many employees undertake post-
graduate and MBA studies, thus acquiring new professional qualifications. The Bank has launched many 
programs and initiatives aimed at supporting its employees and teams, including a programme designed to

--- Page 178 ---
98042995.13 
178 
 
teach employees the key competencies required in a more technologically advanced bank. These are: 
database competences, cybersecurity, critical thinking, AI, machine learning ("ML") and robotisation, 
cloud solutions and creativity and innovation. 
Having highly motivated and involved employees, decisions made and more responsibility at lower levels 
of the organisation and an organisational culture based on openness, trust and empathy represent an 
important competitive advantage for the Bank. 
The Ethics Officer helps to develop ethical standards for the Bank and co-ordinates their execution by 
issuing opinions on motions tabled to the Management Board and providing education to employees and 
supporting them in resolving ethical dilemmas. 
The Group supports employee motivation through its remuneration policy as well as in non-financial ways, 
for instance by opening opportunities for professional development. The incentive system plays a key role 
in the acquisition and retention of competent employees, necessary to build our competitive advantage. 
Commerzbank as the strategic shareholder of the Group 
Commerzbank is the principal shareholder of the Bank. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Commerzbank holds shares representing 69.1 per cent. of the Bank's share capital and of the total number 
of votes at the General Shareholders' Meeting.  
Commerzbank is a leading German bank for medium-sized enterprises (Mittelstand) and a strong partner 
for around 25,500 corporate client groups and almost 11 million private and small-business customers in 
Germany. Its two business segments, Private and Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients, offer 
a comprehensive portfolio of financial services. Commerzbank transacts approximately 30 per cent. of 
German foreign trade transactions (Source: https://www.commerzbank.com/corporateclients/) and is 
present internationally in more than 40 countries in the corporate clients' business. The bank focuses on 
German medium-sized enterprises (Mittelstand), large corporations and institutional clients. As part of its 
international business, Commerzbank supports clients with a business relationship to Germany, Austria or 
Switzerland and companies operating in selected future-oriented industries. In the Private and Small 
Business Customers segment, Commerzbank serves its customers through the brands "Commerzbank" and 
"comdirect", via online and mobile channels, in the advisory centre, and personally in its branches. 
In the domestic market in Germany, Commerzbank manages its branch network from its headquarters in 
Frankfurt am Main. Outside Germany, the bank is active through its subsidiaries, branches and 
representative offices and is represented in all major financial centres, such as London, New York, Tokyo 
and Singapore. However, the focus of its international activities is on Europe. 
The Group benefits from its relationship with Commerzbank as its strategic shareholder. A technical co-
operation agreement gives mBank access to the network of Commerzbank and its correspondent banks 
around the world. In addition, Commerzbank offers its know-how to mBank under separate agreements, 
enabling co-operation in many areas, for example, co-operation in serving international clients (including 
Commerzbank clients), compliance and money laundering prevention or shared reporting systems in 
accounting and controlling. In the key area of risk control, co-operation primarily concerns the exchange 
of experiences relating to the implementation of new European regulations (for example, product 
development, risk management and access to global capital markets). Moreover, in March 2018 the Bank 
obtained funding from Commerzbank under a subordinated loan in the amount of CHF 250 million. The 
loan will mature on the 10th anniversary of the drawdown, with the option for mBank to prepay the loan on 
the last day of each interest period following the fifth anniversary of the drawdown, subject to the 
permission from the KNF. 
Strategy of the Group for 2021-2025 
On 29 October 2021, the Management Board of the Bank adopted, and the Bank's Supervisory Board 
approved, the Group Strategy. 
When preparing the Group Strategy the Group took into account expected economic and market conditions, 
regulatory requirements, technological progress, the evolution of consumer behaviour, local constraints and 
internal conditions. With rapid changes in most of these elements over the last two years, supplemented by 
unprecedented events affecting the Group's activities (including unparalleled monetary policy tightening, 
unexpected government interventions like credit holidays or obligatory contributions to the BSF and IPS,

--- Page 179 ---
98042995.13 
179 
 
an increasingly negative line of jurisprudence in CHF-related litigations for banks), a review of the Group 
Strategy was performed in 2023. As a result, the Management Board concluded that no modifications to 
the key elements of the current strategy are needed but decided to adjust selected targets and measures in 
response to the changed operating environment. 
In an increasingly competitive market, with competition from new market entrants, fintechs and large IT 
companies, the Group believes that it should focus on fundamental banking values such as stability, security 
and secrecy. The mission statement of the Bank is defined as: "Convenient, secure, focused on your future... 
mBank – more than a mobile bank". 
The Group Strategy focuses on five areas: 
• 
Retail banking: The Group aspires to be a leading retail banking franchise integrated with the needs 
of customers in their life cycle. The Bank's successful organic growth is expected to be fuelled by the 
acquisition of new (primarily young) clients and the retention of the existing client base. The Group 
is organised around demographic segments to develop a complete offer and value proposition that 
responds to customers' needs arising at different phases of their life. The Group will focus on PFM 
tools, a comprehensive investment offering (via mTFI), mortgage lending to its transactional clientele 
(thanks to an enhanced underwriting process), and an ecosystem of non-banking services. With a 
reinforced mobile-first approach, the Bank's contact channels will focus on remote access and digital 
sales. The Bank will support entrepreneurs and small firms by providing them with industry-
customised expertise and an integrated platform for managing their different business-related 
activities. 
• 
E-commerce: The Bank aspires to be the preferred bank for merchants and online shops, as well as a 
favourite platform for customers making on-line purchases. The Group wants its payment integrator, 
Paynow, to gain a significant share in processing transactional volumes. The Group is planning to 
extend the range of value-added services and financing tailored for online sellers with a view to 
increasing the importance of their relationships with mBank and to cooperate with them in the most 
important parts of their e-commerce activity.  
• 
Corporate banking: The Group wants to grow its corporate banking business, optimising exposures 
towards higher profitability. The Group will initiate, develop and intensify cooperation with 
companies from prospective industries and the fastest growing sectors of the economy, in alignment 
with the Group's ESG strategy. The Group is increasing its focus on the SME segment to benefit from 
its progressing e-commerce offering. The Bank seeks to provide a premium end-to-end digital banking 
experience for corporates in Poland in order to further improve customer satisfaction and internal 
efficiency. The Bank will also redesign its credit process to make it support business development as 
well as ensuring a prudent level of risk costs. In parallel, the Group intends to strengthen relationships 
with its customers through additional knowledge-based services and through the assistance of top-
rated advisers and in-depth industry expertise. 
• 
Technology, security and data: One of the Group's primary goals is to provide to customers high 
quality services and solutions delivered with high availability and security. By being cloud-ready, the 
Group will maintain its technological advantage in the financial sector, which should in turn boost 
flexibility, foster innovation in business applications, shorten time-to-market and enlarge the 
scalability of used technology. The Bank will strive to prioritise continuous development of a multi-
layer cybersecurity defence model and data secrecy. The Bank aims to offer the highest possible 
security with respect to its mobile application and to deliver the most secure and client-friendly 
identity confirmation process across all digital channels. At the same time, the Group plans to employ 
artificial intelligence and data science to support the creation of innovative customer products and 
better risk assessments, as well as to increase the effectiveness of internal systems and workflows. 
• 
Employees and culture: The Group aims to create a culture where cooperation is based on trust, with 
the intention to give people a comfortable space to experiment, innovate and make bold decisions. 
The Group is planning to develop a best-in-class hybrid work environment. The Bank's managers will 
acquire practical skills in managing distributed teams, while the employees will take advantage of 
new communication and collaboration technology. The Group will make employee capabilities a 
competitive advantage for the Group through a strengths-based approach to leverage individual talents 
and focus on future skills needed for the organisation to succeed. The Group will amend the 
remuneration scheme to make it attractive from the employee perspective. 
Strategic financial targets of the Group for 2025

--- Page 180 ---
98042995.13 
180 
 
The Group seeks to maintain its position among the top Polish banks not only in terms of business growth 
but also in key financial metrics. 
The Group aims to optimise the balance sheet of the Group from both profitability and structural 
perspectives by increasing the share of higher yielding assets (retail and SME loans) and maintain 
diversification of funding sources (in terms of maturity, currency and products). The Group plans to remain 
an active issuer in the international debt capital markets, but with issuances limited to the size and frequency 
required for the Group to fulfil its MREL requirement. 
Incorporating a new set of macroeconomic parameters as well as other factors impacting the business, 
volumes, operations and resources, the strategic financial goals of the Group were updated in 2023. The 
Group intends to maintain excellent operational efficiency, ensure stability, achieve specified growth rates 
and provide satisfactory profitability. The Group's activities will be focused on meeting the following 
targets: 
Efficiency 
• 
Cost/Income ratio ("C/I"):  below 40 per cent. in 2025. 
Stability 
• 
Tier 1 capital ratio: year-end level at least 2.5 per cent. above the KNF minimum requirement. 
• 
Cost of risk ("COR"): ~0.80 per cent. in the mid-term perspective. 
Growth 
• 
Average annual growth rate ("CAGR") between 2021 and 2025 at: 
 ~3 per cent. for loans,  
~6 per cent. for deposits, and  
~4-5 per cent. for total revenues. 
Profitability 
• 
Net interest margin ("NIM"): above 3.0 per cent. in 2025. 
• 
Return on equity ("ROE"): ~14 per cent. in 2025. 
The above targets and strategic goals do not constitute a forecast or estimate of results, but rather provide 
information on the planned areas of the Group's activities and potential directions of development for 2021-
2025. 
The financial targets for 2025 reflect a base scenario for the Group's development, and they may be affected 
both positively and negatively by a number of factors, with positive factors including: 
• 
introduction of inflationary adjustment of fees and commissions for retail clientele and more stringent 
management of fee expenses, 
• 
a full-scale entry into e-commerce segment via partnerships and a launch of marketplace platform, 
• 
improved sentiment and better perception of Poland by foreign investors after a political shift in the 
country following the elections in 2023, 
• 
unlocking EU funds for Poland and potential PLN appreciation, and 
• 
normalization of the situation in the Polish judiciary system, 
and with negative factors including: 
• 
more adverse line of jurisprudence in CHF cases resulting in a need to book additional legal risk 
provisions, 
• 
faster and bigger interest rate cuts than assumed in the financial plan, 
• 
deterioration of macroeconomic conditions (lower GDP growth, high unemployment rate, lack of 
private investments) and unfavourable market development (PLN depreciation) impacting business 
volumes and risk profile, 
• 
persistent inflation and tight labour market putting pressure on cost base, 
• 
further government interventions causing disruption to local economy and the banking sector,

--- Page 181 ---
98042995.13 
181 
 
• 
excessive customer protection, supervisory guidelines and new regulatory requirements, and 
• 
growing competitive pressure, both from other banks and new players, undermining revenues. 
 
ESG strategy of the Group  
ESG considerations impact the Group's activities and are therefore reflected in the Groups Strategy. In 
December 2023, the Group redefined its ESG goals in order to further integrate them into the Group's 
priorities, activities and risk and management processes. The Group is aware of its responsibility to comply 
with core ESG values. Since October 2022, the Group has been a member of the Science Based Targets 
initiative ("SBTi"), which helps companies set decarbonisation targets that are in line with the current state 
of scientific knowledge on climate change. 
The Group aims to reduce greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions generated directly by it and indirectly by 
the credit portfolio financed by the Group. The Group's goal is to become net zero in its own operations 
(scope 1 and 2) by 2040. The Group will use SBTi methods to set decarbonisation targets and transform its 
loan exposures to reach net zero (scope 3) by 2050. For example, the Group is encouraging its clients to 
use products and services which promote sustainability and the energy transition and excluding certain 
clients financing specific projects, focusing on green projects and helping existing clients modernise and 
reduce carbon footprint though loans. 
The Sustainable Development Committee of the Group, which is headed by the Vice-President of the 
Management Board, Chief People and Regulatory Officer, supervises the Group's ESG management, 
monitors ESG-related KPIs, oversees green bond issuances by Group entities and carbon footprint 
calculations and facilitates the implementation of the EU taxonomy for sustainable activities and non-
financial reporting. 
The Group's strategic ESG goals and measures are presented below: 
Environmental pillar  
Strategic goals, measures and targets 
Strategic goals, measures and targets 
Reducing GHG emissions of mBank's loan 
portfolio, steered by SBTi as the most 
prominent driver to become net-zero 
To transform the loan portfolio to reach net zero by 2050 
Partnering with the clients by offering 
products and services to stimulate their 
sustainable and green activities 
- 
provide PLN 10 billion of green financing by the end 
of 2025, including PLN 5 billion from mBank and 
PLN 5 billion from other sources such as consortia 
and green bonds issues arranged for clients 
- 
increase the yearly sale of mortgage loans for real 
estate compliant with the “Nearly Zero Energy 
Building minus 10 per cent.” standard to 14 per cent. 
in 2024 and 18 per cent. in 2025 of mBank's mortgage 
loan sales 
- 
offer at least 50 per cent. of investment solutions 
managed within the Group promoting environmental 
or social characteristics (“light green” products in 
line with Art. 8 of SFDR) by 2025 
- 
issue green bonds as defined in the Green Bond 
Framework worth PLN 5 billion till 2025 
Limiting own GHG emissions by 
decarbonizing our operations 
- 
become net zero in own operations by 2040, with a 
minimum 80 per cent. of the electric energy 
purchased for the needs of the Bank coming from 
renewable sources from 2023 onwards 
 
Social pillar 
Strategic goal, measures and targets 
Strategic goal, measures and targets 
Providing an attractive work environment 
that ensures diversity, equity and inclusion 
- 
ensure gender balance in the succession programme 
for selected positions (at minimum 45 per cent. of a

--- Page 182 ---
98042995.13 
182 
 
given gender) and reduce the pay gap (keeping it 
below 5 per cent.) 
Ensuring balanced gender representation 
in the Group 
- 
increase the level of gender representation in 
managerial bodies of mBank's main subsidiaries to 40 
per cent. by the end of 2026.  
Making social impact through fostering 
financial health and education of our 
clients  
 
- 
continue financial education and promote the 
responsible management of personal finance among 
clients by growing the number of users of dedicated 
functionalities in mBank's mobile and internet 
services 
 
Governance pillar 
Strategic goal, measures and targets 
Strategic goal, measures and targets 
Integrating environmental, social and 
governance risks with risk management 
- 
incorporate ESG into credit and Internal Capital 
Adequacy Assessment Process documentation, and 
perform materiality assessment of ESG risks each 
year 
Enhancing corporate governance by ESG 
aspects 
- 
set the 100 top performing managers (at the Bank and 
main subsidiaries) with goals related to ESG that 
carry a 10 per cent. weighting in their Objective and 
Key Results assessments 
Promoting transparency and ESG 
standards among business partners of the 
Group 
- 
have 70 per cent. of eligible partners and suppliers 
(under central purchasing process) to be compliant 
with the 10 Principles of the UN Global Compact by 
2025 
Operations 
The Group offers a broad range of retail, corporate and investment banking services and products to 
individual retail customers, micro-businesses, small and medium-sized companies, large corporations, non-
banking financial institutions and public sector entities (including large and medium-sized local 
governments). 
The Group conducts its business through different business segments, which offer specific products and 
services targeted at specific client groups and market segments. 
The Group currently conducts its operations through the following business segments: 
• 
The Retail Banking segment, which offers a full range of the products and services to individual 
customers, including Private Banking customers and micro-businesses. The key products and 
services offered to customers in this segment include lending products (mortgage loans, overdrafts, 
cash loans, car loans and credit cards), deposit products (current and savings accounts, term deposits), 
debit cards, insurance products, brokerage services, investment advice, asset management services 
and leasing services. The financial results of the Retail Banking segment include the results of 
foreign branches of mBank in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The Retail Banking segment also 
includes the results of mFinanse, mFinanse CZ s.r.o., mTFI, mFinanse SK s.r.o., LeaseLink Sp. z 
o.o. ("LeaseLink") as well as the results of retail segments of mLeasing Sp. z o.o. ("mLeasing"), 
Asekum Sp. z o.o. ("Asekum"), mElements and mBH. 
• 
The Corporate and Investment Banking segment, which offers financial services to small, medium 
and large-sized companies, public sector entities, financial institutions and banks. The key products 
offered to these customers include transactional banking (cash management, current accounts, term 
deposits, internet banking, trade finance services, letters of credit and guarantees), working capital 
and investment loans, project finance, structured and mezzanine finance services as well as custody, 
leasing and factoring services. The products of this segment include operations in the foreign 
exchange, capital and derivatives markets, both for own account and on behalf of customers, as well 
as services for arranging and financing securities issues, financial consulting and brokerage services 
for financial institutions. The Corporate and Investment Banking segment also generates revenue 
from foreign exchange risk management. This segment includes the results of the following 
subsidiaries: mFaktoring S.A. ("mFaktoring"), as well as the results of corporate segments of

--- Page 183 ---
98042995.13 
183 
 
mLeasing, Asekum and mElements. In 2023, the segment also included the results of mBH until its 
activities related to the corporate area were carved out and transferred to mBank on 18 May 2023. 
• 
The Treasury and Other segment consists primarily of treasury and money markets operations, 
liquidity and interest rate risks management of the Bank and its investment portfolio. The results of 
the segment include the results of internal settlements of fund transfer pricing, the results of items 
classified as hedge accounting and results not allocated to other segments. This segment includes 
also the results of mLeasing and mBH with regard to activities concerning funding and the results 
of Future Tech Fundusz Inwestycyjny Zamknięty. 
• 
The FX Mortgage Loans segment (non-core segment) consists primarily of foreign currency 
mortgage loans with indexation clauses granted to individual customers. These types of loans are no 
longer offered to customers. The segment's assets include only the portfolio of active mortgage loans 
originally granted in foreign currencies (mainly in CHF, EUR and USD). The segment's liabilities 
do not include the financing of the portfolio of such loans, which was included in the liabilities of 
other segments. 
The table below shows the profit (loss) before income tax of the Group's segments for the periods indicated. 
Profit / (loss) before income tax 
 
The first half of the year 
ended 30 June 
Year ended 
31 December 
 
2024 
2023  
2023 
2022 
 
(PLN thousands) 
(PLN thousands) 
Retail Banking.................................................................................  
2,016,660 
1,655,535 
3,502,655 
1,042,703 
Corporate and Investment Banking .................................................  
1,434,949 
1,194,697 
2,270,793 
2,060,607 
Treasury and Other ..........................................................................  
135,951 
107,336 
214,992 
10,030 
FX Mortgage Loans ........................................................................  (2,435,567) 
(2,412,267) 
(5,017,852) 
(3,221,359) 
Total ...............................................................................................  
1,151,993 
545,301 
970,588 
(108,019) 
Source: 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements (audited), H1 2024 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
The tables below present the main items of the consolidated income statement of the Group for the six 
month periods ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023, divided into the core business and the non-core 
business (i.e. the FX mortgage loans segment).  
Business segment reporting: core business* and non-core business 
 
The first half of the year ended  
30 June 2024 
The first half of the year ended  
30 June 2023 
Data 
regarding 
consolidated 
income 
statement 
Core Business 
Non-core 
business 
(FX 
Mortgage 
Loans) 
Total figure for 
the Group 
Core Business 
Non-core 
business 
(FX 
Mortgage 
Loans) 
Total figure 
for the Group 
(PLN thousands) 
Net interest income ........................................... 
4,494,866 
9,872
4,504,738 
4,225,053
8,692
4,233,745
Net fee and commission income ....................... 
990,838 
(15,484)
975,354 
1,003,326
(14,622)
988,704
Dividend income ............................................... 
9,189 
-
9,189 
4,628
-
4,628
Net trading income............................................ 
99,743 
(12,734)
87,009 
31,028
(27,174)
3,854
Gains or losses on non-trading financial assets
mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss 
12,193 
(313)
11,880 
4,830
50
4,880
Gains or losses on derecognition of financial
assets and liabilities not measured at fair value
through profit or loss ............................................. 
4,378 
-
4,378 
(51,352)
-
(51,352)
Other operating income ..................................... 
335,238 
4,116
339,354 
141,012
1,610
142,622
Impairment or reversal of impairment on 
financial assets not measured at fair value 
through profit or loss ......................................... 
(227,720) 
9,773
(217,947) 
(362,321)
12,471
(349,850)
Costs of legal risk related to foreign currency
loans.................................................................. 
- (2,404,044)
(2,404,044) 
-
(2,348,680)
(2,348,680)
Overhead costs .................................................. 
(1,377,448) 
(17,265)
(1,394,713) 
(1,292,271)
(28,927)
(1,321,198)
Depreciation ...................................................... 
(274,693) 
(620)
(275,313) 
(237,718)
(413)
(238,131)

--- Page 184 ---
98042995.13 
184 
 
Other operating expenses .................................. 
(118,928) 
(1,836)
(120,764) 
(150,774)
(427)
(151,201)
Operating profit .............................................. 
3,947,656 (2,428,535)
1,519,121 
3,315,441
(2,397,420)
918,021
Taxes on the Group balance sheet items ........... 
(360,096) 
(7,032)
(367,128) 
(357,873)
(14,847)
(372,720)
Profit before income tax of the segment ........ 
3,587,560 (2,435,567)
1,151,993 
2,957,568
(2,412,267)
545,301
Source: H1 2024 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 
 
  
Data regarding consolidated 
 statement of financial position as of  
30 June 2024  
Data regarding consolidated  
statement of financial position as of  
31 December 2023 
Core Business 
Non-core 
business 
(FX Mortgage 
Loans) 
Total figure for 
the Group 
Core Business 
Non-core 
business 
(FX Mortgage 
Loans) 
Total figure for 
the Group 
(PLN thousands) 
(PLN thousands) 
Assets of the segment ....................................... 
227,543,885 
2,751,706 
230,295,591 
223,230,796 3,749,720 
226,980,516 
Liabilities of the segment ................................. 
212,673,995 
3,012,217 
215,686,212 
211,370,728 1,872,562 
213,243,290 
Source: 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements (audited), H1 2024 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
Key financial ratios for the core business for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 
and for the six month periods ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023 are presented below.  
 
As of and for the first half of the year ended 
30 June 
As of and for the year ended  
31 December 
 
2024 
2023 (R) 
2023 (R) 
2022 
                                                                         (per cent.) 
                   (per cent.) 
ROE net1 ...........................  
40.3 
37.5 
36.5 
22.1 
ROA net2 ...........................  
2.5 
2.2 
 2.2 
1.3 
Cost to income ratio (C/I) 3  
28.3 
29.3 
28.0 
41.8 
Net interest margin (NIM) 4 
4.5 
4.2 
4.3 
3.9 
1 
Calculated by dividing net profit of the Core Business attributable to Owners of the Bank by the average equity of the Core 
Business attributable to Owners of the Bank. The average equity is calculated on the basis of the balances as of the end of each 
month. Net profit of the Core Business attributable to Owners of the Bank is annualised based on the number of days in the 
analysed period (the annualisation ratio is calculated as the quotient of the number of days in a year and the number of days in 
the analysed period). 
2  
Calculated by dividing net profit of the Core Business attributable to Owners of the Bank by the average total assets of the Core 
Business. The average total assets are calculated on the basis of the balances as of the end of each month. Net profit of the Core 
Business attributable to Owners of the Bank is annualised based on the number of days in the analysed period (the annualisation 
ratio is calculated as the quotient of the number of days in a year and the number of days in the analysed period). 
3  
Calculated by dividing overhead costs and depreciation of the Core Business by total income of the Core Business comprising: 
net interest income, net fee and commission income, dividend income, net trading income, other income, other operating income 
and other operating expenses. Other income comprises gains or losses on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss and gains or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss related to equity instruments and debt securities (without loans and advances). 
4  
Calculated by dividing net interest income of the Core Business by average interest-earning assets of the Core Business. Net 
interest income excludes gains or losses on modification. Interest-earning assets are a sum of cash and balances with the Central 
Bank, loans and advances to banks, debt securities (in all valuation methods) and loans and advances to customers (net; in all 
valuation methods). The average interest-earning assets are calculated on the basis of the balances as of the end of each month. 
Net interest income is annualised based on the number of days in the analysed period (the annualisation ratio is calculated as 
the quotient of the number of days in a year and the number of days in the analysed period). 
  
R- restated 
Source: The Bank 
 
Retail Banking 
Retail Banking in Poland 
Overview 
The Bank is one of the few financial institutions in Poland with an integrated internet offering, combining 
current accounts as well as investment and insurance products.

--- Page 185 ---
98042995.13 
185 
 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group serviced 4,614.0 thousand retail customers in Poland compared with 
4,589.7 thousand as of 31 December 2022. As of 30 June 2024, the number of retail customers serviced in 
Poland reached 4,576.2 thousand.  
The table below presents the growth of the Bank's customer base in Poland. 
 
December 
2019 
December 
2020 
December 
2021 
December 
2022 
December 
2023 
June  
2024 
Number of clients 
(in thousands) 
4,642.8 
4,656.6 
4,487.0 
4,589.7 
4,614.0 
4,576.2 
 ___________________________________________________  
Source: the Bank. 
As of 30 June 2024, gross loans and advances to customers of the Group's Retail Banking Segment in 
Poland amounted to PLN 61.68 billion and amounts due to retail customers in Poland were PLN 117.06 
billion, in each case based on data from mBank's Controlling and Management Information Department. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Group's market share in household loans and household deposits stood at 7.7 per 
cent. (8.3 per cent. in mortgage loans and 6.8 per cent. in non-mortgage loans) and 8.3 per cent., respectively 
(Source: Monetary and financial statistics published by the NBP on 22 July 2024), compared with the 
following as of 31 December 2023: 7.9 per cent. in household loans (8.4 per cent. in mortgage loans and 
7.0 per cent. in non-mortgage loans) and 8.4 per cent in household deposits.  
The Group's retail banking products and services include current and savings accounts (including foreign 
currency accounts), term deposits, lending products (retail mortgage loans and non-mortgage loans such as 
car loans, cash loans, overdrafts, credit cards and other loan products), debit cards, leasing services for 
microfirms, insurance and investment products, asset management and brokerage services offered to retail 
customers. 
mBank Poland 
Beginning in 2000, anticipating the development of, and increasing accessibility to, the internet, the Bank 
established a direct digital retail banking model based on the internet, direct service through call centres, 
and, subsequently, mobile banking as well as other new technology-based solutions. Starting in 2001, it 
also operated a second retail banking brand, MultiBank, catering to the mass-affluent, affluent and micro-
business enterprises segments. MultiBank was based on the omni-channel model in which the modern 
format of smaller, sales-oriented branches was supported by internet and call centre channels. Both retail 
operations were merged in 2013 under the mBank brand following the implementation of the broader "One 
Bank Strategy". The customers of MultiBank were migrated onto the Bank's platform in October 2015. 
The Group currently offers a broad range of products and services primarily targeted at young and aspiring 
professional customers who seek convenience and an integrated end-to-end experience in banking services. 
The Bank also has dedicated services for micro and small business clients. The services include online 
current and savings accounts (including foreign currency accounts); term deposits; lending products (retail 
mortgage loans and non-mortgage loans such as car loans, cash loans, overdrafts, credit cards and other 
loan products); debit cards; insurance and investment products as well as brokerage services. Customers 
have access to all of the Bank's products and services, and can manage their products online with one 
integrated transactional internet platform. The Bank provides an "Investment Fund Supermarket" and an 
insurance portal through which customers can manage their investment products and buy insurance 
products. Individual clients and small and medium-sized enterprises also have access to mKantor, which 
allows customers to carry out foreign exchange transactions via a mobile application. 
In the area of SMEs, the Bank offers, among other things, the mAccounting service which provides SMEs 
with functionalities which have only been available to the Bank's corporate clients, including automatic 
monitoring of payments, quick invoicing, simplified invoice payment, analysis of business partners, 
electronic settlement of tax returns and up-to-date tax data. A credit application for SME in the mobile 
application makes it possible to apply for a loan from any place. 
The Bank enables its clients to set up a business account in 10 minutes fully online. In addition, the Bank 
offers payment terminals within the Cashless Poland programme. mBank's retail clients do not pay 
interchange fees for 12 months and enjoy a free subscription period of 18 months.

--- Page 186 ---
98042995.13 
186 
 
mBank's offer includes open banking, which allows clients to see all their accounts (transaction history, 
account balance) together in one place, wherever they bank. The service is provided in accordance with EU 
PSD 2. 
Distribution channels 
The Bank uses the omni-channel model in its distribution model. It operates: 
• 
modern mobile banking; 
• 
cutting-edge online banking; 
• 
a sales-effective call centre; and 
• 
a top-quality service, mid-sized physical distribution network. 
Mobile banking 
mBank remains the leader of mobile banking in Poland. According to Puls Biznesu dated 11 June 2024, 
mBank has the second largest number of active users of mobile applications, but it has the highest share of 
active users of mobile applications in relation to retail customers. Since July 2017, the number of monthly 
logins with mobile devices has been higher than the number of monthly logins via desktops and laptops. 
The significance of the mobile channel continues to rise. As of 30 June 2024, the number of active users of 
the mobile application in Poland reached 3,242 thousand compared with 3,046 thousand as of 30 June 2023. 
In the first half of 2024, the share of non-mortgage loans sold through the mobile application in relation to 
overall sales of non-mortgage loans increased to 63 per cent. from 60 per cent. in the first half of 2023 and 
61 per cent. in 2023. In the first half of 2024, the number of MAU increased to 3,421 thousand from 3,306 
thousand in the first half of 2023 and 3,375 thousand in 2023. The share of processes initiated by the clients 
via digital channels increased to 89.0 per cent. in the first half of 2024, up from 86.9 per cent. in the first 
half of 2023 and 87.3 per cent. in 2023. All stand-alone insurance products offered by the Bank can be 
purchased in its mobile application. In the first half of 2024, mBank's clients purchased 44 per cent. of 
stand-alone insurance products via the mobile application. 
The Bank also provides a PFM, which is designed to help clients manage and understand their finances and 
household budgets.  
The competitive advantage of the Group in mobile banking results from: (i) mBank's unique brand, 
including the prefix "m", which is easily associated with mobility; (ii) a relatively young customer 
demographic, which is more technologically inclined and is therefore more receptive to new methods of 
accessing banking services and products; and (iii) the digitisation of business processes, as a consequence 
of the Retail Banking Division's online, internet origins. 
Key functionalities of mobile banking application include: 
• 
fully remote account opening with e-ID or a selfie and agreement approved via a text message; 
• 
logging in with a PIN code, fingerprint or Face ID; 
• 
contactless payments with Google Pay and Apple Pay and "Safe online payments and shopping" 
insurance protecting clients from online scams; 
• 
express transfers using telephone numbers and the BLIK system; 
• 
reminders from Payment Assistant and scanning of data to the transfer form from the invoices;  
• 
benefits (mDiscounts) for retail buyers and seamless shopping experience with one-click financing 
options (quick cash loan up to pre-approved limit),  
• 
PFM, which allows for better planning and monitoring of personal budgets of mBank’s clients, and  
• 
additional services, including paying for car parking in several dozen Polish cities by phone and the 
possibility to access public administration services from mBank’s transactional platform. 
Internet

--- Page 187 ---
98042995.13 
187 
 
The Bank's technologically advanced integrated internet banking platform serves as its important 
distribution channel dedicated to retail customers. As an innovator in the market, the Bank has been 
constantly improving its internet transaction platform and launched the new mBank platform in 2013 with 
more than 200 new features, solutions and improvements, such as 24-hour assistance offered by online 
experts via video, voice or text chat, a mobile-enabled user interface, advanced and integrated personal 
financial management tools, redesigned customer-centric navigation and social media-integrated offers. 
Since 2018, the Bank refreshed the online banking platform in order to make it more flexible and easier to 
use. Through the Bank's internet banking platform, customers have access to many of the Bank's retail 
products and services, including, inter alia, accounts, deposits, investment products, brokerage services, 
cash, car and mortgage loans, insurance, FX platform the PFM, pension and comprehensive money transfer 
handling. 
The Bank consistently implements new functionalities into its internet banking platform. In 2023, the Bank 
developed a new sales process for mortgage loans for individuals. The Bank adjusted its IT systems to be 
able to offer new solutions as part of the government programme "2 per cent. Safe Loan". In 2023 and in 
the first half of 2024, numerous functionalities were introduced as part of the PFM service. 
Contact Centre 
The Group has one Contact Centre in Poland in Łódź, providing high-quality service to the Bank's existing 
and potential clients. The Contact Centre operates 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year. The 
scope of activities includes, among others, customer support for debit cards, credit cards and personal 
accounts; money transfers, providing information on the offers of the Group and selling selected products 
and services such as credit cards, cash loans, personal accounts and insurance products; and performing 
activation, anti-attrition and retention campaigns and processes. 
Physical distribution network 
As of 30 June 2024, the Bank's distribution network consisted of 127 locations of mBank-branded outlets 
and 179 outlets comprising mKiosk outlets, mFinanse Financial Centres and agency service points.  
ATM network 
The Bank's customers can use their Visa or MasterCard-branded cards to access their accounts and 
withdraw money or they can use the BLIK service in the Bank's mobile application to do the same. The 
ATM network of the Bank includes almost 5,000 PlanetCash devices and ATMs in the Bank's branches. In 
its own network, the Bank does not charge a fee for cash withdrawals provided that the amount is at least 
PLN 300. The Bank charges a fee for cash withdrawals from ATMs outside its own network. 
Private Banking and Wealth Management 
The Bank's Private Banking service is dedicated to individuals holding with the Bank or the Group liquid 
assets of a minimum of PLN 1 million. 
The Private Banking and Wealth Management segment offers standard banking products (flexible current 
accounts in złoty or other currencies, negotiable term deposits, overdrafts, mortgage loans, bank insurance 
products, structured products, internet banking system, prestigious cards and concierge services), a wide 
range of investment funds (open and closed-end, domestic and foreign), brokerage services, selected 
commercial papers, treasury, municipal and international bonds, treasury bills and alternative investments, 
as well as standard and non-standard investment strategies. The mBank expert team offers professional 
funds investment on the basis of a power of attorney granted by the client in accordance with the selected 
investment strategy taking into account preferences, investment goals, risk appetite and expected return rate 
within the set period. 
Each customer has a dedicated relationship manager, who is responsible for the customer's relations with 
the Bank, the management of the customer's account and the execution of transactions in accordance with 
the customer's instructions. 
The clients of mBank's Private Banking, under an open product architecture, may use a wide range of over 
700 investment funds, both Polish and foreign, open and closed, as well as support from our experts in the 
choice of funds to the portfolio.

--- Page 188 ---
98042995.13 
188 
 
In 2023, the Bank's Private Banking segment was recognised as the best in Poland by the Financial Times. 
Moreover, in 2023 and 2024 the Bank was distinguished by Euromoney as the best domestic private bank 
in Poland (Source: https://www.mbank.pl/private-banking/25-lat-private-banking/nasze-nagrody/). In 
addition, in 2024 the Bank was recognised by Euromoney as the best in Poland for discretionary portfolio 
management (Source: https://www.mbank.pl/private-banking/25-lat-private-banking/nasze-nagrody/). 
Products and Services in Poland 
Since 2000, the Bank has applied a client-oriented approach based on its modern online banking business 
model, focusing on anticipating trends in the banking sector in Poland and the development of products and 
services that will meet its clients' needs. 
The Group's main retail products and services include current and saving accounts, business accounts for 
microbusinesses, credit products, deposit products, payment cards, investment products, insurance 
products, brokerage services and leasing for microbusinesses. 
The Bank's credit product offering comprises non-mortgage loans, mortgage loans and credit products 
offered to micro-businesses. The Bank offers non-mortgage loans to both internal and external customers 
in the form of cash loans, consolidation loans, overdraft facilities and credit cards. The vast majority of 
unsecured loans are granted via digital channels (82 per cent. in 2023 and in the first half of 2024). 
The Group offers residential mortgage loans in PLN. In August 2011, the Bank discontinued offering 
mortgage loans in CHF. The size of the CHF mortgage portfolio therefore decreases every year due to 
repayments and conversion of CHF loans into zloty following the court verdicts and settlements with the 
borrowers. From the beginning of 2021, foreign currency mortgage loans with indexation clauses granted 
to individual customers are included in a separate FX Mortgage Loans segment. 
The Bank sales also mortgage loans to micro-businesses. In order to provide the Bank's customers with 
credit-related support programmes, the Bank signed agreements with leading European financial 
institutions (such as the European Investment Bank ("EIB") and the Polish government). The programmes 
include de minimis loan guarantees under an agreement with BGK and the EIB. 
On the deposit side, the Bank focuses on savings and current accounts as well as term deposits. Customers 
interested in regular saving have access to a range of a retirement savings accounts and purpose savings 
accounts as part of the "My objectives" programme, which allows customers to set aside a fixed amount 
monthly or tiny amounts each time after payments, transfers or cash withdrawals from an ATM. To meet 
more sophisticated clients' needs, the Bank offers deposits with investment funds, which combine 
investments with saving. 
The Bank offers a wide range of debit cards linked to personal accounts, pre-paid cards and credit cards 
issued in conjunction with Visa and MasterCard. Visa and MasterCard card holders can use the multi-
currency service. Thanks to the multi-currency service, a debit card can be linked not only to a client's main 
PLN account, but also to FX accounts. mBank offers mobile wallets to individual and business clients. The 
popularity of mobile cards has been growing year by year. The details of such cards are available in the 
app, while mobile payment solutions allow clients to pay in stores or make ATM withdrawals. 
The Bank entered into a strategic co-operation with leading banks in Poland relating to a joint standard for 
mobile payments. In response to the challenge of the ongoing mobile technology revolution, in 2015 
mBank, together with five large national banks, launched the local mobile payment system BLIK. This 
allows customers to pay with their mobile phones in retail and online stores, as well as withdraw cash from 
ATMs and send P2P transfers. BLIK uses an open standard developed by Polish Payment Standard, a 
company formed by the Bank, Alior Bank, Bank Millennium, Santander Bank Polska, ING PKO Bank 
Polski and Mastercard. Since the launch of the BLIK mobile payment system in 2015, it has become the 
most-used payment method in e-commerce in Poland, ahead of payment cards. At the end of June 2024 the 
number of active users of BLIK (individuals who made at least one BLIK transaction per month) reached 
2.22 million. 
As of 30 June 2024, the number of debit cards issued by the Bank in Poland reached 4,457.1 thousand, 
while the number of credit cards issued by the Bank was 328.4 thousand. The value of payments made by 
mBank retail banking clients in Poland with cards and BLIK in the six months ended 30 June 2024 was 
PLN 60.1 billion, representing an increase of 18.0 per cent. compared to the six months ended 30 June

--- Page 189 ---
98042995.13 
189 
 
2023. The number of transactions made by mBank clients in the six months ended 30 June 2024 increased 
by 12.1 per cent. compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023. 
The Bank's also offers customers an open platform of investment funds, "Investment Funds Supermarket". 
The platform provides customers with analytical information, as well as information tools enabling them 
to monitor and make investment decisions or set goals for the future. The open platform of investment 
funds is fully integrated with customer current accounts. It is available in the mBank mobile application. In 
April 2021, the Bank established its own investment funds management company, mTFI. mTFI started its 
operating activities at the beginning of 2023. As of 30 June 2024, mTFI's assets under management 
amounted to PLN 2.4 billion. 
Brokerage services offered to retail clients include, in particular, securities accounts, stock trades in 
financial instruments listed on the WSE and placements of subscriptions/purchase orders in public or 
private offerings of equity instruments, including shares, or debt instruments, as well as trades in 
derivatives. The Brokerage Bureau enables clients to trade in regulated markets in Poland and abroad as 
well as in the OTC (CFD) market. 
The Group co-operates with UNIQA Group in the area of bancassurance. This co-operation includes the 
sale of insurance to mBank customers and focuses in particular on the stand-alone insurance segment 
including motor, travel, home and life insurance, as well as on the segment of products linked to banking 
products, e.g., loans. All stand-alone products (i.e. motor, home, travel, and life and health insurance) can 
be purchased in the Bank's mobile app. 
Retail Banking in the Czech Republic ("mBank CZ") and Slovakia ("mBank SK", and together with 
mBank CZ, "mBank CZ/SK") 
The Bank entered the Czech and Slovak market in 2007 as a retail internet bank. The product range includes 
both products and services for retail customers (current and savings accounts, deposits, credit and debit 
cards, mortgage and consumer loans as well as insurance), and for business owners (with overdrafts). The 
Bank in the Czech Republic and Slovakia promotes a self-service model, in which customers operate their 
account via a mobile banking application, internet and telephone banking, as the Bank's branches serve 
mainly as advisory centres for arranging mortgage loans.  
As of 30 June 2024, the Bank's retail distribution network in the Czech Republic consisted of 13 financial 
centres and light branches as well as 17 mKiosks, while in Slovakia the Bank had 6 financial centres and 
light branches as well as 9 mKiosks.  
The Bank's foreign operations continue to focus on the acquisition of new clients, further automation and 
digitalisation of processes and strengthening of non-mortgage lending. The mobile application is the most 
widely used distribution channel. As of 30 June 2024, the number of active users of mBank's mobile 
application in the Czech Republic and Slovakia was 488 thousand. In the first half of 2024, mBank has 
significantly strengthened its position as a leader in the payments area, in particular with the launch of a 
physical payment ring, which is a new payment method exclusively available in both markets for clients of 
mBank only. 
As of 30 June 2024, the number of debit cards and credit cards issued by the Bank in the Czech Republic 
and Slovakia reached 874.7 thousand and 35.4 thousand, respectively. 
As of 30 June 2024, mBank in the Czech Republic and Slovakia serviced 1,102.6 thousand customers 
(779.3 thousand customers at mBank CZ and 323.3 thousand customers at mBank SK). 
 
The table below presents the growth of the Bank's customer base in the Bank's foreign branches. 
 
 
December 
2019 
December 
2020 
December 
2021 
December 
2022 
December 
2023 
June  
2024 
Number of clients  
(in thousands) 
958.6 
1,003.4 
1,026.9 
1,052.7 
1,102.0 
1,102.6 
 _______________  
Source: the Bank. 
As of 30 June 2024, mBank CZ/SK's gross loan portfolio was PLN 8.95 billion, including PLN 5.98 billion 
at mBank CZ and PLN 2.96 billion at mBank SK. Amounts due to customers in the Czech Republic and

--- Page 190 ---
98042995.13 
190 
 
Slovakia was PLN 16.64 billion as of 30 June 2024, including PLN 12.26 billion at mBank CZ and PLN 
4.38 billion at mBank SK, according to data from mBank's Controlling and Management Information 
Department. 
The Retail Banking segment includes the following subsidiaries: 
• 
mBH (the retail segment of the company's activity); 
• 
mFinanse; 
• 
mFinanse CZ s.r.o.; 
• 
mFinanse SK s.r.o.; 
• 
mLeasing (the retail segment of the company's activity); 
• 
Asekum (the retail segment of the company's activity); 
• 
LeaseLink; 
• 
mElements; and 
• 
mTFI 
Services Provided by Bank's Subsidiaries within Retail Banking 
mBH 
mBH is a specialised bank established and functioning under the Act on mortgage bonds and mortgage 
banks of 29 August 1997. mBH is the longest operating mortgage bank and the second largest issuer of 
mortgage bonds in Poland (Source: https://bankiwpolsce.pl/po-niemal-30-latach-od-przywrocenia-
instytucji-listow-zastawnych-w-polsce-obrot-nimi-ma-charakter-mniej-niz-symboliczny). 
It 
plays 
a 
strategic role in the Group by securing stable, long-term and affordable funding for loans backed by real 
estate. To this end, mBH issues covered bonds both on domestic and foreign capital markets. 
mBH's total assets amounted to PLN 10.1 billion at the end of June 2024. Approximately 90 per cent. of 
this amount was attributable to its portfolio of retail loans. 
Following the transfer of the entire retail loan sales process to mBank from 22 July 2017, mBH sources 
retail assets through pooling transactions from mBank. In 2023, four pooling transactions totalling PLN 
606.6 million were carried out in close cooperation with mBank. In the first quarter of 2024, two further 
pooling transactions were executed, adding PLN 715.6 million to mBH's balance sheet.  
As of 30 June 2024, the value of outstanding mortgage covered bonds issued by mBH was PLN 6.1 billion 
(including private placements). Covered bonds issued by mBH are characterised by low investment risk, 
which is a result of the statutory obligation to apply complex security mechanisms while issuing and trading 
in such instruments. This has been affirmed by the "Aa1" ratings assigned by Moody's Ratings to mortgage 
covered bonds issued by mBH.  
mFinanse 
mFinanse acts as a distribution agent and financial adviser for banking products and services. mFinanse 
entered into distribution agreements with the Bank and other banks and financial institutions operating in 
the Polish market. Under these agreements, mFinanse sells retail banking products through a distribution 
network (mKiosks located in shopping centres, stationary branches and outlets of credit partners). It gives 
clients a possibility to compare offers in a one place. Experts of mFinanse are available in approximately 
180 outlets in Poland, where they provide information on financial products and help clients in the process 
of obtaining a loan. 
mFinanse offers products for individual clients including personal accounts, mortgage loans, consumer 
loans and credit cards, as well as business products, including accounts, credit cards, investment loans, 
working capital loans, leasing, mortgage loans and car loans. mFinanse also operates as an insurance agent. 
In the field of insurance intermediation, the company acts as an intermediary in servicing insurance products

--- Page 191 ---
98042995.13 
191 
 
for mortgage and cash loans, accounts, cards and insurance for leasing, as well as in the field of property 
and personal and life insurance products. 
mFinanse CZ s.r.o. and mFinanse SK s.r.o. 
mFinanse CZ s.r.o. and mFinanse SK s.r.o. operate in the area of financial intermediation in the sale of 
banking products distributed by mBank's branches in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. They took over the 
tasks that were previously carried out by mBank's branches in these countries. 
mLeasing 
mLeasing is one of the largest leasing companies in Poland. 
In the retail sector, mLeasing operates the "Leasing in Retail" programme targeted at micro-enterprises and 
SMEs, which are offered lease contracts using dedicated lease processes. mLeasing participates in the "Mój 
Elektryk" (My Electric Car) programme. Through this programme, entrepreneurs who finance electric cars 
through mLeasing benefit from subsidies from the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water 
Management.  
More information on mLeasing can be found in the section "Services Provided by Bank's Subsidiaries 
within Corporates and Institutions" below. 
Asekum 
The company operates as an insurance agent, mainly in the field of insurance of assets leased. The Bank 
holds indirectly through mLeasing 100 per cent. of the shares of the company. 
LeaseLink 
The company offers leases for assets worth up to PLN 50,000. Its services are used by nearly 100,000 small 
and medium-sized companies. LeaseLink products are available in e-shops (including e-commerce market 
leaders) and major brick-and-mortar retail chains. 
mElements 
mElements is a tech company within the Group, which operates in the construction and development of IT 
solutions, including API solutions, online and mobile payments solutions and services dedicated to e-
commerce online sellers, including the Paynow payment integrator. In 2019, mElements received from the 
KNF permission to operate as a National Payment Institution. mElements is a member of the Chamber of 
Electronic Economy, an association of the largest entities operating for the development of e-commerce in 
Poland. 
mTFI 
mTFI establishes and manages investment funds and provides portfolio management services to customers, 
which may include a portfolio of one or more financial instruments. In 2023 and in the first half of 2024, 
mTFI was focused on taking over a portfolio of investment funds created for mBank under a white label 
formula by external entities. 
Corporate and Investment Banking 
Overview 
As of 31 December 2023, the Bank serviced 34,546 corporate customers (up by 1,521 corporate clients 
compared with 31 December 2022). Between January and June 2024, the number of corporate customers 
increased by 1,183 and reached 35,729 as of 30 June 2024. 
Corporate Banking Customers are divided into three segments: 
• 
K1 customers, which are capital groups and large companies with annual revenues exceeding PLN 
1 billion, the largest public sector entities (including the largest local governments), state funds and 
non-bank financial institutions (including pension and investment funds and insurance companies);

--- Page 192 ---
98042995.13 
192 
 
• 
K2 customers, which are medium-sized enterprises with annual revenues of between PLN 50.0 
million and PLN 1 billion and medium-sized public sector companies (including local governments); 
and 
• 
K3 customers, which are small and medium-sized enterprises with annual revenues up to PLN 50 
million. 
The table below sets out Corporate Banking Customers by segments. 
 
December 
2019 
December 
2020 
December 
2021 
December 
2022 
December 
2023 
June  
2024 
K1 
2,319 
2,358 
2,272 
2,218 
2,379 
2,465 
K2 
8,211 
8,862 
9,740 
10,329 
10,607 
10,933 
K3 
15,946 
17,863 
19,303 
20,478 
21,560 
22,331 
Total number of 
corporate customers 
26,476 
29,083 
31,315 
33,025 
34,546 
35,729 
 _______________  
Source: the Bank. 
The Group holds a strong position in the corporate banking segment in Poland. According to NBP data, as 
of 31 December 2023, the Group had a market share of 8.0 per cent. in corporate loans and 11.0 per cent. 
in corporate deposits. As of 30 June 2024, the Group's market share in corporate loans and corporate 
deposits was 8.2 per cent. and 10.4 per cent., respectively (Source: Monetary and financial statistics 
published by the NBP on 22 July 2024). 
Distribution channels 
Corporate clients are serviced through 29 corporate branches and 14 corporate offices located in the largest 
cities throughout Poland. Each corporate client is provided with full relationship banking services by a team 
of experts dedicated to developing the individual customer's relationship with the Bank and its respective 
subsidiaries. Each team comprises a client relationship manager responsible for each aspect of the customer 
relationship, a business analyst and product advisers from key product lines, as well as a risk officer. This 
business model allows the Group to provide its corporate clients with tailor-made products and services to 
support their business needs.  
Corporate clients are also serviced by a modern, convenient and technically advanced online banking 
platform mBank CompanyNet, which allows them to monitor and manage accounts to execute transactions 
(such as domestic and foreign transfers, selected trade finance transactions, foreign exchange transactions, 
cash operations and deposits). The Virtual Branch is an integral part of the mBank CompanyNet system 
where clients can submit electronic applications to the bank in the key areas of bank-client interactions. In 
2023, clients submitted nearly 80 per cent. of all application forms on their own via mBank CompanyNet.  
For convenience and flexibility purposes, the Bank provides corporate clients with a mobile banking 
application, which it continually seeks to develop. Among other things, in 2023, a new currency exchange 
module was add to the mobile application and the Bank developed tools to communicate directly with 
clients. The popularity of mobile application solutions is constantly growing. Over 90 per cent. of mBank's 
corporate clients use the mobile application. 
Products and Services 
Transactional banking 
Cash management is a service offered by Corporate Banking, which facilitates client planning, monitoring 
and management of liquid assets and cash processing, as well as electronic banking. The solutions offered 
aim to facilitate daily financial operations, enhance effective cash flow management, and optimise interest 
income and costs. 
The Bank offers its corporate clients transactional banking solutions ranging from traditional transactional 
banking products to specialised, tailor-made products. 
The standard traditional transactional banking products include accounts (in all major foreign currencies), 
transfers (domestic and foreign), cash operations management, credit, pre-paid and payment cards, foreign 
exchange transactions, overdrafts, overnight deposits and term deposits.

--- Page 193 ---
98042995.13 
193 
 
A significant majority of the Bank's transactional banking products are available through the mBank 
CompanyNet electronic banking system. The CompanyNet platform enables the digital onboarding of 
clients and gives clients access to most transactional banking products online, including access to bank 
accounts, cards and cash services. By using the platform, the Bank can confirm clients' identity remotely. 
This process can be used by all clients, regardless of their size and organisational complexity. In the first 
half of 2024, 87 per cent. of new accounts for corporate clients were opened online. 
Specialised, tailor-made transactional banking products include advanced liquidity management services 
(such as cash pooling, consolidation of balances and term deposits) and advanced cash management 
products, including mass payment collection and identification services, as well as financial surplus 
management. 
In addition to traditional business accounts, the Bank provides its corporate clients with escrow and 
securities accounts (including escrow accounts dedicated to real estate developers and custody services 
provided to most sophisticated non-bank financial institutions). The Bank's product range also includes 
packages of integrated products and services dedicated to SMEs. In order to respond to challenging market 
conditions, the Bank has been continuously enhancing its SME customer service processes and adjusting 
its product portfolio to client needs and the legal environment. 
The Corporate Client Centre provides clients with support in everyday matters related to account 
management through Online Assistant or Interactive Voice Response. Online Assistant is a modern solution 
which the Bank launched to all corporate clients on the mBank CompanyNet platform. Online Assistant 
allows a client to communicate with the Bank safely, quickly and conveniently via text chat. Online 
Assistant significantly speeds up customer service at mBank, particularly in relation to questions on the 
products and services that the clients use on a daily basis. In the first half of 2024, the Corporate Client 
Centre handled nearly 11,000 interactions with corporate clients through the Online Assistant service.  
Cash deposit machines for businesses 
To address the needs of businesses and the market, mBank develops a service called the smart cash deposit 
machine. When integrated with a company's internal system and mBank's online banking, the solution 
allows for depositing cash and booking payments in real time without leaving the company's premises. 
Each product is tailored to the needs and nature of a given business. Furthermore, to address the unique 
demands of its clients, the Bank also offers a more complex machine consisting of a cash recycler which 
dispenses particular banknotes, and a cash deposit machine which allows clients to deposit their revenue. 
eCommerce and the Paynow gateway 
mBank intends to be the bank of first choice for clients who are dynamically growing their sales in both 
traditional and modern channels. Paynow is a fast, reliable and state-of-the-art gateway embedded in the 
cloud and connected to mBank's electronic banking systems. Clients can easily integrate the gateway with 
their online shops thanks to the API and plug-ins for major retail platforms. 
Short-term and long-term financing 
The Bank provides short-term financing through overdraft facilities and revolving loans, as well as 
comprehensive packages of short-term multi-product and multi-currency financing (an umbrella credit 
facility, including commercial working capital financing as well as a wide range of guarantees, and trade 
finance products). 
The Bank offers tailor-made, long-term financing dedicated to customers' investments needs which is 
adjusted to the complexity, profile, scope, structure and tenor of specific projects. 
The Bank also offers loans to clients in co-operation with BGK, EIB and other EU funds which are aimed 
at supporting SMEs and special types of investments (in compliance with the criteria of various EU funding 
programmes and priorities in relation to ESG and digital transformation initiatives). 
The Bank supports the green transformation. In particular, the Bank finances solar energy investments and 
wind firms. For example, the Bank has been consistently increasing its financing of renewable energy 
sources ("RES") projects. The Bank originally identified an investment limit of PLN 0.5 billion for this 
purpose, but has been gradually increasing this limit along with the development of the solar energy and 
wind farm market. In June 2024, the amount allocated to RES projects grew to PLN 6.4 billion. At the end

--- Page 194 ---
98042995.13 
194 
 
of June 2024, the Bank's RES portfolio, including the financing of solar energy projects and  wind farms, 
amounted to PLN 4.6 billion. 
In 2023, the Bank concluded an agreement with BGK so that that it could offer ecological credits, also 
known as "Ecological Loans", under the European Funds for the Modern Economy programme. Ecological 
Loans, which are subsidised by BGK, are offered to SMEs and large enterprises (small mid-cap and large 
mid-cap enterprises) hiring up to 3,000 employees which plan to modernise their existing infrastructure in 
order to increase energy efficiency through capital expenditures. 
In the first half of 2024, the Bank offered financing to clients via sustainability linked loans ("SLLs"), 
which are loans related to sustainable development goals, for a total amount of PLN 1.8 billion. SLLs are 
one of many financial tools that motivate borrowers to pursue complex and clearly defined sustainable 
development goals as the underlying features of these loans are linked to the achievement by the borrower 
of specific KPIs, which are regularly monitored and assessed by independent institutions. Borrowers report 
annually on their progress against these KPI to the relevant lender. 
Loans with Export Credit Insurance Corporation guarantees for financing domestic investments of Polish 
exporters  
The Bank entered into an agreement with the Export Credit Insurance Corporation which allows clients to 
take loans for exporters to strengthen their production capacity and use payment insurance guarantees. The 
guarantees mitigate the risk associated with the loan and can be used by companies that are already 
exporters or plan to operate on international markets. 
Structured finance, project finance, syndicated loans 
As part of the Corporate and Investment Banking segment, the Bank offers structured and mezzanine 
financing, in particular, for mergers and acquisitions and investment projects, including renewable energy 
projects (wind farms and photovoltaic). 
Investment banking and market risk hedging instruments 
Investment banking and hedging instruments complement the core transactional banking products and 
services offered to corporate clients. The Group offers to its corporate clients ECM services and M&A 
advisory services with regard to both private and publicly traded companies. The Group offers debt 
origination and primary and secondary market trading in a wide range of corporate bonds of various tenors. 
In addition, the Bank may participate in raising funds required for M&A purposes. The Group also offers 
its corporate clients corporate finance services, including economic and financial analyses of companies, 
valuations of companies, assessments of investment projects, equity research, preparation of business plans, 
business due diligence processes and fairness opinion analysis. 
The Bank also provides a wide range of brokerage services and financial advice with regard to equity and 
debt capital markets transactions. In addition to advisory services, the Bank also offers soft underwriting 
services for the above types of capital markets transactions. 
The Bank provides its customers with market risk hedging instruments (FX, IR and derivative instruments 
hedging against price fluctuations for commodities and raw materials). Market risk hedging instruments 
enable corporate clients to manage their foreign exchange, interest rate and commodity risk through the use 
of derivative instruments such as interest rate swaps, FX forwards, FX and IR swap transactions, FX and 
IR call and put options and various option strategies. The Bank's liquidity management and investment 
products include negotiable term deposits, debt securities and sell/buy-back or repo transactions.  
The Group holds a strong market share in selected investment banking services. The core products and 
services provided by the Bank to non-bank financial institution clients include liquidity management, 
treasury bonds and debt securities, as well as hedging instruments and custody services.  
As of 30 June 2024, the Bank had a market share of 11.7 per cent. in treasury bills and bonds and 14.7 per 
cent. in IRS/FRA contracts (Source: NBP monthly report "Information on banks' activity on financial 
markets" dated August 2024). The Bank also carries out placements of debt securities for corporate clients.

--- Page 195 ---
98042995.13 
195 
 
Custody services 
The Bank provides services including: settlement of transactions in securities registered in local and foreign 
markets, safekeeping of clients' assets, maintenance of securities accounts and registers of securities in non-
public trading, maintenance of asset registers of pension funds and investment funds and monitoring the 
valuation of their assets as well as handling benefits from securities (including payments or tax refunds 
received). mBank's custody clients are mainly financial institutions, in particular investment and pension 
funds, local and foreign financial institutions, banks offering custodian and investment services, insurance 
companies, asset management institutions and non-financial institutions. 
Trade finance products 
The Bank offers a wide range of trade finance products, including various types of guarantees, documentary 
collections, letters of credit, receivables assignment and forfeiture services. These products are designed to 
mitigate companies' risk related to the non-performance of a contract. 
Financial institutions 
The Bank maintains relations with financial institutions, focusing mainly on raising capital from other 
banks and placing excess funds with them. Thanks to very good business relations with banking clients and 
excellent service quality, the Bank maintains its strong position as regards handling settlements in PLN.  
The following subsidiaries operate within the Corporate and Investment Banking segment: 
• 
mFaktoring; 
• 
mLeasing (the corporate segment of the company's activity); 
• 
Asekum (the corporate segment of the company's activity); and 
• 
mElements (the corporate segment of the company's activity). 
Services Provided by Bank's Subsidiaries within Corporates and Institutions 
mFaktoring 
mFaktoring is a company providing corporate customers with financing of current operations, professional 
management of receivables, assumption of solvency risk, maintenance of debtors' settlement accounts and 
effective debt collection which allows customers to improve their liquidity and flexibly finance current 
operations. mFaktoring also offers domestic and export financing with recourse and assumption of solvency 
risk. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023 its turnover (the value of purchased invoices) was PLN 35.1 billion. 
According to the Polish Factors' Association, mFaktoring's market share as of 31 December 2023 was 7.8 
per cent, which is the 5th largest market share among factoring companies in Poland. 
mLeasing 
mLeasing offers different types of leasing products to its corporate clients, including the leasing of personal 
and commercial vehicles, heavy transport vehicles, car fleet management, the leasing of machinery and 
equipment and the leasing of real estate. The value of contracts concluded by mLeasing for the year ended 
31 December 2023 was PLN 7.3 billion compared with PLN 6.0 billion recorded a year before. The value 
of new assets purchased by mLeasing in the first half of 2024 amounted to PLN 4.0 billion.  
According to data published by the Polish Leasing Association, as of 31 December 2023, mLeasing's 
market share in Poland amounted to 7.1 per cent. 
Asekum 
The company operates as an insurance agent, mainly in the field of insurance of assets leased by corporate 
clients.

--- Page 196 ---
98042995.13 
196 
 
mElements 
mElements operates in the construction of dedicated solutions for e-commerce trade and new technologies. 
mElements created the first cloud-based payment gateway in Poland - Paynow.  
FX Mortgage Loans segment - Non-core business 
The FX Mortgage Loans segment (non-core segment) consists primarily of foreign currency mortgage loans 
with indexation clauses granted to individual customers. 
As of 30 June 2024, the carrying amount of mortgage and housing loans in CHF granted by the Bank to 
individual customers amounted to PLN 1.0 billion (or CHF 0.2 billion) compared to PLN 1.9 billion (or 
CHF 0.4 billion) as of 31 December 2023. The carrying amount of mortgage and housing loans granted to 
individual customers in other foreign currencies by the Bank in Poland as of 30 June 2024 amounted to 
PLN 1.4 billion, compared to PLN 1.5 billion as of 31 December 2023. 
The volume of the portfolio of loans indexed to CHF granted to individual customers in Poland (i.e. the 
sum of loan tranches disbursed to customers), taking into account the exchange rate on the date of 
disbursement of those tranches, amounted to PLN 19.5 billion (across 85.5 thousand loan agreements). As 
of 30 June 2024, this amount included PLN 12.6 billion (across 62.0 thousand loan agreements) of loans 
indexed to CHF granted to individual customers in Poland that were inactive (i.e. fully repaid, settled or 
ruled upon by the courts) (taking into account the exchange rate on the date of disbursement of individual 
loan tranches). The inactive CHF loans included: PLN 7.0 billion (across 39.2 thousand loan agreements) 
of fully repaid loans, PLN 3.9 billion of settled loans (across 17.0 thousand loan agreements) and PLN 1.7 
billion of loans after final verdict of the court (across 5.8 thousand loan agreements). 
The volume of the portfolio of loans indexed to other foreign currencies granted by the Bank to individuals 
in Poland, taking into account the exchange rate on the date of disbursement of individual loan tranches, 
amounted to PLN 4.1 billion (across 13.4 thousand loan agreements). 
Settlement programme 
In the fourth quarter of 2022, following completion of a pilot phase, the Bank launched a settlement 
programme offered to all individual clients holding an active CHF loan, including clients who filed a lawsuit 
against the Bank. The settlement proposal is based on two basic assumptions: (i) the elimination of the 
CHF/PLN FX risk incurred by the client and (2) limitation of the interest rate risk. The settlement proposal 
consists of conversion of the CHF indexed loan into a PLN loan with simultaneous write-off of a portion 
of the loan balance. The write-off amount is individually negotiated with the customers. 
After conversion, the customer can decide which type of interest rate to choose: periodically fixed or 
variable. The Bank offers a preferential interest rate on the loan after conversion to the clients that will sign 
the settlement. By deciding to sign a settlement with the Bank, the client benefits from a reduction in the 
outstanding loan balance, eliminates the FX risk and, due to the preferential interest rate offered and the 
option to choose a periodically fixed interest rate, minimises their interest rate risk. Settlements are usually 
signed out-of-court, but the Bank allows customers to sign them as part of arbitration proceedings. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Bank concluded 17,016 settlements (as of 31 December 2023: 13,321 settlements).  
Methodology of calculating the impact of the legal risk related to individual court cases regarding credit 
loans indexed to CHF 
The methodology of calculating the impact of the legal risk related to individual court cases concerning 
both active and repaid loans applied by the Bank depends on numerous assumptions that take into account 
historical data, adjusted for the Bank's expectations as to future developments. The most important 
assumptions are: the expected population of borrowers who will file a lawsuit against the Bank, the expected 
verdicts given by the courts, the loss to be incurred by the Bank where they lose a court case and the level 
of settlement acceptance by borrowers. 
Expected population of borrowers who will file a lawsuit 
The expected population of borrowers who will file a lawsuit against the Bank has been projected using 
statistical methods based on the Bank's litigation history and assumptions about the influx of new cases.

--- Page 197 ---
98042995.13 
197 
 
The Bank assumes that the vast majority of the projected cases will be filed by the end of 2024, after which 
the number will decline.  
For the purpose of calculating the impact of legal risk, as of 30 June 2024, mBank assumes that 
approximately 5.3 thousand CHF borrowers, including 3.1 thousand with active loans and 2.2 thousand 
with repaid loans, will file a lawsuit against the Bank (as of 31 December 2023: 7.9 thousand of which 6.1 
thousand have active loans and 1.8 thousand have repaid loans). If an additional 1 thousand borrowers with 
active loans indexed to CHF filed a lawsuit against the Bank and the loan was invalidated in its entirety, 
the impact of legal risk would increase by approximately PLN 301.6 million (provided that other relevant 
assumptions remain constant) compared to 30 June 2024. This amount would reduce the gross carrying 
amount of the loans. If an additional 1 thousand borrowers with repaid loans indexed to CHF filed a lawsuit 
against the Bank and the loan was invalidated in its entirety, the impact of the legal risk would increase by 
approximately PLN 82.5 million (provided that other relevant assumptions remain constant) compared to 
30 June 2024, which would increase the Group's provisions for legal proceedings.  
The Bank estimates that 2.8 thousand borrowers with active CHF indexed loans will not decide to sue the 
Bank or sign a settlement with the Bank in the future and 32.6 thousand borrowers with repaid CHF indexed 
loans will not sue the Bank in future. 
Distribution of expected court rulings 
As of 30 June 2024, the Bank assumed a loss in 99 per cent. of pending or future lawsuits (as of 31 
December 2023: 99 per cent.), while for the remaining 1 per cent. of cases, the Bank assumed dismissal of 
the claim. Where the Bank assumed a loss, the only scenario the Bank considered was annulment of the 
contract. As compared to 31 December 2023, the Bank excluded the scenario in which the contract is not 
annulled and remains valid, but with the indexation mechanism removed, which transforms a loan indexed 
to CHF into a PLN loan subject to the interest rate for a loan indexed to CHF. If the Bank assumes a loss 
in 100 per cent. of ending or future lawsuits, the impact of legal risk would increase by PLN 72.4 million, 
of which PLN 51.3 million would change the gross carrying amount of the loans and PLN 21.1 million 
would change the provisions for legal proceedings. 
The Bank has also estimated the impact of the resolution of the Full Court of the Civil Chamber of the 
Polish Supreme Court dated 25 April 2024. According to the wording of the resolution, the starting point 
of the limitation period for a bank begins from the day after the day the bank receives the first letter from a 
borrower challenging the provision of the contract, which may in some cases result in banks' counterclaims 
for principal to be time-barred. The Bank estimates the probabilities that its counterclaim is time-bared 
individually for these contracts, with probabilities ranging from 5 per cent. to 50 per cent., assuming that 
the Bank's claims would be considered time-barred despite the fact that counterclaims for principal were 
filed by the Bank before the expiration of 3 years from the date of the borrower's lawsuit. 
Probability of settlement acceptance 
As of 30 June 2024, the Bank assumed that it would conclude 4.8 thousand settlements in the future, which 
accounts for approximately 21 per cent. of its active CHF loan portfolio (as of 31 December 2023: 6.2 
thousand, approximately 22 per cent.), with borrowers who have already filed or are expected to file a 
lawsuit against the Bank. 
The impact of the legal risk related to court cases concerning indexation clauses in mortgage and housing 
loans in foreign currencies and the settlement programme 
As of 30 June 2024, the cumulative negative impact of legal risk associated with litigation related to 
indexation clauses in foreign currency mortgages and housing loans and the settlement programme included 
in the Group's statement of financial position to date amounted to PLN 8,403.2 million (as of 31 December 
2023: PLN 8,258.1 million). This amount included (i) the impact of legal risk concerning lawsuits and the 
settlement programme related to active loans recognised as a reduction of the gross carrying amount of 
loans in the amount of PLN 5,428.9 million and (ii) the impact of legal risk concerning lawsuits related to 
repaid loans and low value active loans recorded as provisions for legal proceedings in the amount of PLN 
2,974.3 million.

--- Page 198 ---
98042995.13 
198 
 
Employees 
Employment Structure 
The table below presents the number of employees employed (expressed in Full-time Equivalents – FTE) 
by the Bank and the Group as of the indicated dates. 
 
30 June 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2020 
Bank .........................  
6,835 
6,649 
6,382 
6,075 
6,034 
Subsidiaries (cons.  ...  
660 
670 
632 
663 
654 
Total  ........................   
7,495 
7,319 
7,014 
6,738 
6,688 
 _______________  
Source: the Bank. 
Training programmes offered to the Bank's employees are aimed at developing the employee's 
competencies. The training policy is focused specifically on the improvement of the qualifications and 
skills of key employees, providing training in introducing new technologies and developing techniques 
aimed at increasing sales effectiveness. These objectives are supported by unifying the rules on the 
eligibility of employees for specialist training and implementing solutions to improve internal 
communication. 
Employees of the Group have a similar range of employee benefits, e.g., from access to medical services 
under healthcare packages to sports facilities. Additionally, employees have the possibility of joining group 
life insurance. 
The Group has been operating two approaches for management by objectives: Management by Objectives 
("MbO") and Objectives and Key Results ("OKR"). Each of the approaches directly supports the 
implementation of mBank's strategy. The MbO/OKR system assumes that employee motivation, initiative 
and activity constitute the most valuable assets of the company, which have a decisive impact on the 
company's performance. The Group's managers and employees jointly determine and negotiate the 
objectives and indicators of desired results and jointly assess their achievements. 
The Bank enters into two types of non-compete agreements with its Management Board members and its 
employees for the duration of their employment as well as for a period post-employment. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is one trade union operating at the Bank (Independent Trade 
Union of mBank Employees). 
In the period from 1 January 2011 until the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no strikes at the 
Bank or its subsidiaries, and the Bank or its subsidiaries have not been a party to any collective labour 
disputes. 
In 2023, total income per FTE in the Group, calculated by dividing total income by the average number of 
FTEs, was PLN 1,508.5 thousand compared with PLN 1,134.1 thousand in 2022. The average number of 
FTEs is calculated on the basis of the number of FTEs as at the beginning of the year and at the end of each 
quarter. In the first half of 2024, the Group's total income per FTE was PLN 1,571.2 thousand, assuming 
annualisation of the total income generated by the Group in the first half of the year. 
Employees' Involvement in the Bank's Capital 
The incentive system is based on the remuneration policy and intangible elements (e.g., career development 
opportunities). The incentive system plays a key role in developing corporate culture and builds competitive 
advantage by helping the bank acquire and retain competent employees. 
The remuneration policy of the Bank covers the base salary (fixed component) and a variable part 
depending on the objectives achieved by the whole organisation and by individual employees. It also 
includes bonuses granted to Management Board members and other employees. This applies also to 
employees having a material impact on the Bank's risk profile in a given calendar year ("Risk Takers"). 
The ratio of total variable remuneration to fixed remuneration may not exceed 100 per cent without the 
approval of the General Meeting.

--- Page 199 ---
98042995.13 
199 
 
The Bank applies employee incentive programmes for members of the Management Board and employees. 
The Incentive Programme for the Management Board Members and Key Staff of the Group – Risk Takers 
On 7 June 2018, the Supervisory Board, acting in line with the recommendation of the Remuneration 
Committee of the Supervisory Board and the decision of the Annual General Meeting of mBank of 9 May 
2018, adopted the Incentive Programme Rules. 
Eligible persons under the programme include persons holding positions identified as having a material 
impact on the Bank's risk profile pursuant to the Risk Takers Identification Policy, referred to as Risk 
Takers I or Risk Takers II, excluding Risk Takers II – Members of the Management Board of mBH, which 
applies a separate incentive programme. Risk Taker I is defined as a Member of the Management Board of 
mBank. Risk Taker II is defined as a person holding a position identified as having a material impact on 
the Bank's risk profile pursuant to the Risk Takers Identification Policy, including a person holding a 
position of a management board member in the Group subsidiary. On the Conditions stipulated in the 
Incentive Programme Rules and the Risk Takers Remuneration Policy, the employees identified as Risk 
Takers are able to acquire warrants free of charge, and, by way of exercising the rights arising from the 
warrants, to acquire shares. 
In 2023, the Bank issued 31,672 shares pursuant to incentive schemes. In the first half of 2024, the number 
of shares of the Bank increased by 31,806 on the basis of resolution of the Incentive Programme adopted 
in 2018. 
IT and Operations 
The Bank has a centralised and integrated computer system in place which covers its entire distribution 
network in Poland. The Management Board believes that the telecommunication infrastructure meets 
market standards and is protected with a business continuity solution which is tested regularly. 
The Bank possesses an application environment, which allows for effective management of operating costs 
and enables future developments. The Bank uses about 400 applications.  
The information technology systems of material importance to the operations of the Bank are: (i) Globus – 
the Group's central transaction and accounting system for corporate and investment transactions which also 
serves as the legacy system; (ii) Altamira/mAlta – a system used in the Retail Banking segment for 
providing complex services to customers with respect to banking products through access to the database 
of the Group's products; (iii) CHDB – a comprehensive, common and structured source of historical 
information regarding corporate, retail, investment and private banking information of the Group (it acts as 
a data warehouse for all IT-related information of the Group); (iv) Kondor+, which registers all transactions 
conducted by dealers and presents the transaction data in a form that allows it to be assessed by risk 
management (it also reports on risk and profitability from concluded transactions and controls limits); (v) 
UniFlow – the workflow tracking tool for the Retail Banking segment with all other credit applications 
running through it; (vi) CRD SE – the Group's credit risk calculation tool, which assists in the obligatory 
process of measuring the capital adequacy of the Bank and the Group calculating the credit risk exposure 
of the Group; (vii) CRM – which handles customer relationship management for corporate and retail 
customers; and (viii) applications for ERB settlements (dealing with the NBP with respect to all collateral 
management matters) and applications that help to restructure the Group's suppliers (e.g., CRM and 
Custody). 
Some of the IT systems crucial to the operations of the Bank and its subsidiaries have been acquired from 
external suppliers (e.g., Globus, Altamira, Kondor+, UniFlow and Custody) and are utilised and/or further 
developed by the Group under standard software licence agreements. About half of the systems referred to 
above have been developed internally by the Bank. Furthermore, the Group has secured maintenance and 
service support in the event of any IT system breakdowns, as well as IT system updates. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, neither the Bank nor any of its subsidiaries is dependent on any key suppliers of IT 
services and can replace them at any given point in time.

--- Page 200 ---
98042995.13 
200 
 
Ratings 
The table below sets forth information regarding the ratings assigned to the Bank as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
S&P  
Global Ratings  
Fitch 
Ratings 
Long-term Issuer Credit Rating (Long-Term Issuer Default Rating) ...................  
BBB 
BBB- 
Short-term Issuer Credit Rating (Short-Term Issuer Default Rating) ..................  
A-2 
F3 
Viability rating ....................................................................................................  
- 
bbb- 
SACP (stand-alone credit profile) .......................................................................  
bbb- 
- 
Long-Term Financial Institution Resolution Counterparty Rating ......................  
BBB+ 
- 
Short -Term Financial Institution Resolution Counterparty Rating .....................  
A-2 
- 
Outlook of long-term Issuer Credit Rating ..........................................................  
positive 
stable 
 _______________  
Source: Fitch Ratings and S&P Global Ratings 
Definitions: 
The Issuer Credit Rating is a forward-looking opinion about the Issuer's overall creditworthiness. The Long-term Issuer Credit 
Ratings focus on the Issuer's capacity and willingness over the long-term to meet all of its financial commitments as they come due, 
whereas the Issuer Short-term Credit Rating focuses on the Issuer's capacity and willingness over the short-term to meet all of its 
financial commitments as they come due. 
Viability Ratings (VRs) measure the intrinsic creditworthiness of a financial institution and reflect Fitch's opinion on the likelihood 
that the entity will fail. 
The SACPs refer to S&P Global Ratings' opinion of an issue's or issuer's creditworthiness, in the absence of extraordinary intervention 
from its parent or affiliate or related government.  
An S&P Global Ratings financial institution resolution counterparty rating (RCR) is a forward-looking opinion about an entity's 
creditworthiness in reference to the timely fulfilment of the terms of certain financial obligations that may be protected from default 
within an applicable bail-in resolution process (RCR liabilities). 
Rating outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit rating over the intermediate term. 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P Global Ratings" or "S&P") has assigned the Long-Term 
Credit Rating BBB (positive outlook) to the Bank. According to S&P's rating definitions, an obligor rated 
'BBB' has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial 
commitments. A positive (+) or negative (-) sign denotes relative standing within the major rating categories. 
An S&P Global Ratings outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit rating over the 
intermediate term, which is generally up to two years for investment grade and generally up to one year for 
non-investment grade. A positive outlook indicates that a rating may be raised. 
S&P Global Ratings has assigned a Short-Term Credit Rating A-2 to the Bank. Pursuant to S&P's rating 
definitions, the assigned short-term credit rating of the Bank means the "obligor has satisfactory capacity 
to meet its financial commitments. However, it is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of 
changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in the highest rating category". 
S&P Global Ratings has assigned to the Bank long- and short-term resolution counterparty ratings 
("RCRs") at BBB+ and A-2, respectively. An S&P Global Ratings financial institution resolution 
counterparty rating is a forward-looking opinion about an entity's creditworthiness in reference to the timely 
fulfilment of the terms of certain financial obligations that may be protected from default within an 
applicable bail-in resolution process ("RCR liabilities"). A long-term resolution counterparty rating of 
'BBB' indicates good creditworthiness in reference to RCR liabilities, but the obligor is more likely to be 
affected by adverse business or operating conditions than are obligors with higher resolution counterparty 
ratings. The addition of a plus (+) sign shows relative (higher) standing within the rating category. A short-
term resolution counterparty rating of A-2 indicates satisfactory creditworthiness in reference to RCR 
liabilities. However, the obligor is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances and economic conditions than obligors with higher short-term resolution counterparty 
ratings.

--- Page 201 ---
98042995.13 
201 
 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch" or "Fitch Ratings") has assigned to the Bank a Long-Term Issuer 
Default Rating of BBB- (stable outlook). Pursuant to Fitch's rating definitions, BBB ratings indicate that 
expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is 
considered strong, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. The 
modifier (-) appended to a rating denotes relative status within the rating category. Rating outlooks indicate 
the direction a rating is likely to move over a one- to two-year period. A stable outlook indicates that a 
rating is not likely to change. 
Fitch has assigned the Bank a Short-Term Issuer Default Rating of F3. Pursuant to Fitch's rating definitions, 
the assigned short-term rating of the Bank denotes fair short-term credit quality. The intrinsic capacity for 
the timely payment of financial commitments is adequate. 
The Bank's outstanding debt issued under the Programme is rated by Fitch and S&P. Fitch Ratings has 
assigned the BBB- long-term rating for senior preferred debt and the BB+ long-term rating for senior non-
preferred debt. S&P has assigned the BBB long-term rating for senior unsecured debt and the BB+ long-
term rating for senior subordinated instruments. 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited are established in the European 
Union and are registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch and S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
In 2013, the Bank elected to cease soliciting ratings from Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's"). Any 
ratings published by Moody's ratings entities in connection with the Bank are unsolicited and are based 
purely on publicly available information. Such ratings are therefore not disclosed in this Base Prospectus. 
Funding sources 
The Bank's funding policy is designed to provide it with flexibility to respond to investor demand. This 
approach seeks to strengthen relations with investors and enable the Bank to attract funding on competitive 
terms. The Bank diversifies stable funding sources in terms of clients' groups (from whom it acquires 
deposits), products and currencies groups, and at the same time, maintains liquidity buffer and optimizes 
its balance sheet in terms of profitability. Long-term activities of the Bank in this scope are carried out 
taking into account conditions on funding capacity and business profitability. The Bank raises funding in 
several currencies, with the terms and conditions tailored to the needs of both institutional and private 
investors. Relevant analysis of the stability and structure of the funding sources, including the core and 
concentration level of term deposits and current accounts are performed. Additionally, the Bank analyses 
the volatility of balance sheet and off-balance sheet items, in particular open credit line facilities and current 
accounts and overdrafts limits utilisation.  
The Group is characterized by a diversified financing profile which allows for maintaining supervisory and 
internal liquidity measures at a safe level and stable growth of assets. Diversification of the funding 
structure concerns in particular sources, tenors and currency structure, with an emphasis on the main 
currencies (PLN, EUR, CZK and CHF) which have the largest share in the loan portfolio, as well as limiting 
large exposures to individual funding providers and taking care of geographic diversification. 
The strategic assumptions concerning the diversification of funding sources and profitable structure of the 
balance sheet are reflected in the financial plan of the Group defined by selected measures, e.g., loans to 
deposits ratio (the ''L/D Ratio''). From the end of 2022 to the end of 2023 the L/D Ratio for the Group 
changed from 69.0 per cent. to 61.2 per cent. As of 30 June 2024, the Group's L/D Ratio was 64.6 per cent. 
The Bank aims at building a stable deposit base by offering to clients deposit and investment products, 
regular and specific-purpose savings offerings. Funds acquired from the Bank's clients constitute the major 
funding source for the business activity along with issuances of debt securities with maturities over one 
year and the portfolio of long-term loans from banks. Moreover, in order to acquire funding (also in foreign 
currencies) the Bank uses mid-term and long-term instruments, including credit line facilities on the 
international markets, unsecured issuances, bilateral loans as well as FX swap and CIRS transactions. 
Since 2018, the Group has reduced its reliance on long-term loans from banks and issuances of debt 
securities and replaced them mainly with retail deposits. Going forwards, the Bank will continue to focus

--- Page 202 ---
98042995.13 
202 
 
on retail deposits. Wholesale funding will remain an important source of liquidity, especially in meeting 
the Group's MREL requirement. 
When making funding-related decisions, in order to match the term structure of its funding sources with 
the structure of long-term assets, the Group takes into consideration the supervisory liquidity measures and 
limits, as well as the internal liquidity risk limits.  
The funding structure of the Group as of 30 June 2024, 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 is 
presented below. 
 
30 June 2024 
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 (R) 
 
PLN 
million 
per cent 
PLN 
million 
per cent 
PLN 
million 
per cent 
Amounts due to customers ................................
187,531.3 
86.9 
185,467.5 
87.0 
174,130.9 
88.3 
- individual customers .....................................
133,582.5 
61.9 
128,412.4 
60.2 
122,890.0 
62.3 
- corporate customers & public sector 
53,948.7 
25.0 
57,055.1 
26.8 
51,240.9 
26.0 
Debt securities issued ........................................
10,476.5 
4.9 
11,105.2 
5.2 
9,465.5 
4.8 
Amounts due to banks .......................................
3,231.6 
1.5 
3,315.3 
1.6 
3,270.2 
1.7 
Subordinated liabilities ......................................
2,661.4 
1.2 
2,714.9 
1.3 
2,740.7 
1.4 
Lease liabilities  
819.4 
0.4 
855.7 
0.4 
960.3 
0.5 
Other sources.....................................................
10,966.1 
5.1 
9,784.7 
4.6 
6,609.4 
3.4 
R - restated 
* Other sources include Financial liabilities held for trading and hedging derivatives, Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest 
rate risk, Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale, Provisions, Current income tax liabilities, Deferred income tax liabilities and 
Other liabilities. 
 
Source: mBank S.A. Group Audited 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements, mBank S.A. Group Unaudited H1 2023 Condensed 
Consolidated Financial Statements.  
Capital adequacy and capital structure 
In accordance with the CRR Regulation, consolidated own funds consists of consolidated common equity 
tier 1 capital, consolidated additional Tier 1 capital and consolidated Tier 2 capital, however, at the end of 
the first half of 2024, no items were identified in the Group that constitute additional Tier 1 capital. 
Common equity tier 1 capital of the Group compromises: (i) paid up capital instruments and the related 
share premium accounts, (ii) previous years retained earnings, (iii) independently reviewed interim profits, 
(iv) accumulated other comprehensive income, (v) other reserves, (vi) funds for general banking risk, and 
(vii) items deducted from a common equity tier 1 capital (fair value gains and losses arising from the 
institution's own credit risk related to derivative liabilities, value adjustments due to the requirements for 
prudent valuation, intangible assets, the Internal Ratings Based Approach (the ''AIRB'') shortfall of credit 
risk adjustments to expected losses, own Tier 1 instruments, regulatory adjustments relating to accumulated 
other comprehensive income and intangible assets, the amount from the deferred tax assets exceeding the 
10 per cent. threshold of common equity tier 1 capital and net impairment losses).  
Tier 2 capital of the Group compromises capital instruments and the related share premium accounts 
(subordinated liabilities including amortisation during the last five years to the maturity of the instruments 
concerned) and credit risk adjustments (AIRB excess of provisions over expected losses eligible). 
As of 31 December 2023, the consolidated own funds of the Group amounted to PLN 14,730.1 million and 
the consolidated common equity tier 1 capital of the Group amounted to PLN 12,720.0 million (31 
December 2022: PLN 14,403.2 million and PLN 12,153.7 million respectively). 
As of 30 June 2024, the consolidated own funds of the Group amounted to PLN 14,486.0 million (compared 
with PLN 14,780.1 million as of 30 June 2023) and common equity tier 1 capital of the Group was PLN 
12,845.7 million (compared with PLN 12,719.8 million as of 30 June 2023). 
On 24 July 2024, the Management Board updated the capital management strategy of the Group. The 
updated capital management strategy assumes that no dividend will be paid out from net profit earned by 
the Bank in 2024. On 25 July 2024, the Supervisory Board approved the updated strategy. The Bank plans

--- Page 203 ---
98042995.13 
203 
 
to use the retained profit for lending growth and business development, while maintaining the capital 
buffers above regulatory requirements. It will also maintain the Tier 1 capital ratio at a level of at least 2.5 
percentage points above the minimum requirements at the end of the year, in line with the 2021-2025 
Strategy. The long-term dividend strategy of the Bank for the years following 2024 assumes that dividends 
will be paid out from 50 per cent. of net profit. 
The Bank's capital adequacy ratios are presented in Note 47 to the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Insurance Coverage 
The Bank maintains insurance coverage against risks of physical damage or loss to fixed assets. The Bank 
has insurance coverage against fire, lightning, hurricane, hail, flood, earthquake and others, as well as theft 
and burglary, acts of vandalism, riots, strikes and acts of terror. Moreover, the Bank has insurance coverage 
against civil liability towards third parties for any assets held or activities conducted with professional 
business activity covered under its professional liability policy. Insurance policies are renewed annually. 
The Bank maintains professional liability insurance coverage for its business in connection with potential 
customer claims due to errors, mistakes or wrongful acts committed by the Bank and/or its employees 
during rendering of professional services. In addition, the Bank is insured against banking crime risks, with 
such insurance specifically covering damages related to money, funds or property misappropriated by 
employees and for damages resulting from unauthorised operations by a third party related to information 
technology crimes. 
The Bank believes that its insurance coverage is in line with market practice for banks in Poland. 
In addition, the members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board and the members of the 
management and supervisory boards of certain subsidiaries are subject to civil liability insurance related to 
their functions, including director and officer liability (D&O) insurance. 
The Bank believes that its insurance coverage is in line with market practice for banks in Poland. 
Regulatory Issues 
The operations of the Group carried out in the financial sector are subject to supervision and the need to 
obtain relevant permits by the Group. 
The activities subject to supervision are carried out by the Bank and its subsidiaries, mBH and mTFI. 
The operations of the Group are subject to the strict supervision of the KNF and other supervisory 
authorities, and are in accordance with EU and Polish regulations and the provisions of local law, as well 
as with specific recommendations, instructions, guidelines and operational and equity-related requirements 
(see Market and Legal Environment) below. In the course of its business, the Group is subject to various 
inspections, checks, audits and inquiries conducted by different regulatory authorities supervising the 
financial services sector and other areas of activities of the Group. 
Legal, Administrative and Arbitration Proceedings 
Introduction 
As of 30 June 2024, the total value of claims in court proceedings pending in which the Group was the 
defendant amounted to PLN 11,995.1 million, of which PLN 10,266.0 million related to court cases 
concerning loans indexed to foreign currencies (31 December 2023: PLN 11,320.2 million and PLN 9,613.0 
million, respectively). The total value of claims in court proceedings pending in which the Group was the 
claimant as of 30 June 2024 was PLN 9,288.3 million, of which PLN 8,769.5 million related to court cases 
concerning loans indexed to foreign currencies (31 December 2023: PLN 4,549.7 million and PLN 4,029.1 
million, respectively). 
Material court proceedings pending within 12 months before the date of this Base Prospectus 
A lawsuit filed by LPP S.A.

--- Page 204 ---
98042995.13 
204 
 
On 17 May 2018, the Bank received a lawsuit filed by LPP S.A. with its registered office in Gdańsk seeking 
damages amounting to PLN 96,307,000 on account of interchange fee. In the lawsuit, LPP S.A. petitioned 
the court for awarding the damages jointly from mBank S.A. and from another domestic bank. 
The plaintiff accuses the two sued banks as well as other banks operating in Poland of taking part in a 
collusion breaching the Competition and Consumer Protection Act and the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union. In the plaintiff's opinion, the collusion took the form of an agreement in restriction of 
competition in the market of acquiring services connected with settling clients' liabilities towards the 
plaintiff on account of payments for goods purchased by them with payment cards in the territory of Poland. 
On 16 August 2018, the Bank has submitted its statement of defence and requested that the action be 
dismissed. The court accepted the defendants' requests to summon sixteen banks to join the proceedings 
and ordered that the banks be served with the summons. Two banks have notified of their intention to 
intervene in the case as an indirect intervener. In a judgment dated 27 January 2023, the District Court in 
Warsaw dismissed LPP S.A.'s lawsuit in its entirety. On 27 March 2023, LPP S.A. filed an appeal, to which 
the Bank filed a response on 26 June 2023. In a judgment dated 3 November 2023, the Court of Appeal in 
Warsaw dismissed LPP's appeal. On 13 March 2024, the Bank received a cassation appeal, to which the 
Bank has filed a response. 
A lawsuit filed by Polski Koncern Naftowy Orlen S.A. 
On 7 February 2020, the Bank received a lawsuit filed by Polski Koncern Naftowy Orlen S.A. ("Orlen") 
with its registered office in Płock seeking damages amounting to PLN 635,681,000 on account of 
interchange fee. In the lawsuit, Orlen petitioned the court for awarding the damages jointly from mBank 
S.A. and other domestic banks and from Master Card Europe and Visa Europe Management Services. 
The plaintiff accuses the two sued banks as well as other banks operating in Poland of taking part in a 
collusion breaching the Competition and Consumer Protection Act and the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union, i.e. a collusion restricting competition in the market of acquiring services connected 
with settling clients' liabilities towards the plaintiff on account of card payments for goods and services 
purchased by clients on the territory of Poland. On 28 May 2020, the Bank filed a response to the lawsuit 
and requested that the claim be dismissed. The court accepted the defendants' requests to summon sixteen 
banks to participate in the case and ordered the banks to be served with the letters with the request for the 
summons. Two banks have notified of their intention to intervene in the case as indirect interveners. 
Class action against mBank S.A. concerning indexation clauses 
On 4 April 2016, the Bank was also sued by the Municipal Consumer Ombudsman representing a group of 
1,731 retail banking customers who entered into mortgage loan agreements indexed to CHF. 
The lawsuit includes alternative claims for declaring loan agreements invalid in part (for example, in the 
scope of the provisions related to indexation) or in whole or for finding that the indexation provisions are 
invalid as they permit indexation of over 20 per cent. and below 20 per cent. at the CHF exchange rate from 
the Bank's table of exchange rates in effect on the date each of the loan agreements was concluded. The 
case was conducted in various courts. For more information on these court proceedings, see Note 31 of the 
H1 2024 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Bank recognised the impact of legal risk in the class action in the amount of PLN 
294.1 million. 
Material administrative proceedings pending within 12 months before the date of the Base Prospectus 
Proceedings initiated by the OCCP 
• 
Proceedings for considering provisions of a master agreement as abusive were instituted ex officio 
on 12 April 2019. The proceedings concern amendment clauses stipulating under which 
circumstances the Bank is authorised to amend the Conditions of the agreement, including the 
amount of fees and commissions. In the opinion of the President of the OCCP, the amendment 
clauses used by the Bank give it an unlimited right to unilaterally and freely change the manner of 
performing the agreement. As a consequence, the President of the OCCP represents the view that 
the clauses used by the bank define the rights and obligations of consumers contrary to good 
morals and grossly violate their interest and, thus, are abusive. The Bank does not agree with this

--- Page 205 ---
98042995.13 
205 
 
stance and presented arguments supporting its position in subsequent letters. The proceedings have 
been extended to 31 December 2024. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the amount of the 
potential penalty cannot be estimated reliably. 
• 
On 8 July 2022, the OCCP initiated proceedings for violation of the collective interests of 
consumers through: 
- 
failing, after a consumer notification an unauthorised transaction, to refund the unauthorised 
transaction or restore the account to its pre-transaction state; and  
- 
providing consumers with information in response to complaints that states that proper 
authentication of the transaction complained of excludes the Bank's obligation to refund the 
transaction. 
The President of the OCCP accused the Bank of not refunding the amount of an unauthorised payment 
transaction. 
The essence of the proceedings initiated by the President of the OCCP is to determine under what 
circumstances the payment service provider is obliged to refund the transaction amount to the account 
holder not later than by the end of a business day following the day on which the unauthorised 
transaction has been charged. According to the President of the OCCP, such an obligation arises 
whenever the consumer reports that, in his opinion, an unauthorised transaction has occurred. The 
Bank has disputed the OCCP's accusations and the OCCP has therefore requested further clarification 
and extended the proceedings. The proceedings are ongoing and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the amount of the potential penalty cannot be estimated reliably. 
Inspection by the KNF Office 
On 22 November 2023, the KNF started administrative proceedings against the Bank that might result in a 
penalty being imposed on the Bank under Article 176i(1)(4) of the Act on trading in financial instruments. 
At this stage of the proceedings, the amount of the potential penalty cannot be estimated reliably. 
Inspection by ZUS  
Between 16 May 2022 and 2 March 2023, mFinanse, a subsidiary of the Bank, was inspected by the Social 
Insurance Institution ("ZUS"). The subject of the inspection was the area of correctness and reliability of 
calculating social insurance contributions and other contributions that ZUS is obliged to collect, as well as 
reporting for social insurance and health insurance for the years 2018-2021. On 3 March 2023, mFinanse 
received the inspection protocol, to which the company submitted objections. From September 2023 to 
January 2024, mFinanse received from ZUS decisions regarding some of the persons subject to inspection. 
As at the date of the Prospectus, the company settled the adjudicated contributions according to the received 
decisions along with interest. 
mFinanse is in dispute with the ZUS regarding the interpretation of the application of the social security 
regulation in the area of the cooperation model involving the simultaneous employment of intermediaries 
on a part-time basis and a civil law contract. At the end of June 2024, there were 168 cases at the court 
stage in the area of the cooperation model used by the company. The Group's believes that the cooperation 
model used by mFinanse complies with the law. 
In connection with the above inspection, as of 30 June 2024, the Group had a provision in the amount of 
PLN 82.5 million (as of 31 December 2023: PLN 105.0 million). 
Intellectual Property 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group holds protection rights to more than 290 trademarks 
registered in the territory of Poland. In addition to the domestic registrations (and/or applications), the 
Group's trademarks are protected (and/or applied for registration) in the territory of some other European 
countries, of which the most important are the Czech Republic and Slovakia, as well as in the territory of 
the entire European Union as community trademarks. There are 73 trademarks registered in the European 
Union Intellectual Property Office and 37 trademarks registered in the World Intellectual Property 
Organization. The said trademarks are the names and logos of the Bank and its subsidiaries, the Bank's 
brands (including mBank) as well as the Group's products and services. Some of the Group's trademarks 
represent old logos and, as such, are no longer material for the Group's operations. The most important 
trademarks are the "m" and "mBank" figurative trademarks.

--- Page 206 ---
98042995.13 
206 
 
Website Domains 
The Group maintains more than 1,100 domain names, of which the most important is "mbank.pl". The 
website located under the said domain name includes information on the Bank and its subsidiaries, as well 
as on the products and services offered by the Group.

--- Page 207 ---
98042995.13 
207 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
The following is a summary only of the Group's risk management system. For a more detailed discussion 
of the Group's risk management system, see Note 3 in the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Overview 
The Group's risk management system is a crucial component of the overall management of its activities 
and is designed to: (i) identify and assess the various risks associated with the activities of each of the 
Group's individual business lines and the Group as a whole; (ii) control and mitigate such risks, (iii) ensure 
that the Group's activities comply with regulatory requirements; and (iv) optimise the use of the Group's 
economic and regulatory capital. 
The underlying principle of risk management is to optimise the allocation of the Group's available resources, 
being the available funding base, its own capital, and its ability to generate profits to fund the achievement 
of the pursued business goals, while ensuring liquidity and adequate capitalisation. The Group's risk 
management system addresses all the risk types relevant for the Group. In co-operation with the Group 
subsidiaries, the Bank identifies and assesses all the risk types relevant from the point of view of the scale 
and scope of the Group's operations. 
The risk management process takes place at every level of the Bank's operations: from individual business 
units, through specialised units responsible for the identification, measurement, monitoring, control and 
mitigation of risk, to the major decision-making bodies, i.e. the Management Board and the Supervisory 
Board of the Bank (including the Risk Committee of the Supervisory Board). 
Individual risks are monitored and controlled by relevant organisational units within the Bank and those of 
its subsidiaries. Internal policies and procedures have been implemented with respect to the management, 
mitigation and reporting of these risks. In selected risk management areas, contingency plans and 
procedures have been implemented to address any particular risks and are intended to be applied if a 
particular risk increases significantly. 
Risk appetite is defined within the Group as the maximum risk, in terms of both amount and structure, 
which the Bank is willing and able to incur in pursuing its business objectives under a going concern 
scenario (beyond the inherent existential risks). Risk appetite resulting from the available capital and 
funding base is the starting point in the Group's risk management, and thus impacts the budgeting process 
and the capital allocation process. 
Risk appetite results from an assessment of the Group risk profile and risk capacity from the perspective 
of: 
• 
capital; 
• 
funding; 
• 
non-financial risks; 
• 
factors related to environmental (mainly climate), social and corporate governance threats; and 
• 
Risk Adjusted Performance Measures. 
Risk appetite is the starting point for an ongoing dialogue about the risk profile within the organisation. 
Strategic dialogue on risk appetite is primarily a structured, several-stage discussion between the members 
of the Management Board. This discussion is supported by bottom-up analyses and expert panel discussions. 
Thanks to this formula: (i) the opportunities and threats facing the Group in a broad perspective can be 
captured, (ii) actions to support the implementation of plans and the necessary actions to mitigate threats 
can be considered.

--- Page 208 ---
98042995.13 
208 
 
The chart below presents the organisational structure of this area: 
 
The roles played by particular organisational units of the risk management area in the process of identifying, 
measuring, monitoring and controlling risk, which also includes assessing individual credit risk posed by 
clients, have been strictly defined. Within the scope of their powers, the units develop methodologies and 
systems supporting the aforesaid areas. Furthermore, the risk control units also report on risk and support 
the major authorities of the Bank. 
Lines of defence 
Risk management roles and responsibilities in the Group are organised around the three lines of defence 
scheme: 
1. 
The first line of defence is the Business (i.e. the Group's business lines), whose task is to take risk 
and capital aspects into consideration when making all business decisions, within the risk appetite 
set for the Group. 
2. 
The second line of defence, mainly the organisational units of the risk management area (Risk), 
Security and Data Protection Inspector and Compliance function, creates framework and 
guidelines concerning managing individual risks, supports and supervises Business in their 
implementation and independently analyses and assesses the risk. The main goal for the second 
line functions is to create oversight over the Group's control environment and risk exposure. The 
second line of defence acts independently of the Business. 
3. 
The third line of defence is Internal Audit, which independently assesses risk management 
activities of both the first and the second lines of defence. 
Deputy Chairman of the Management Board  
Chief Risk Officer 
Integrated Risk Management Department 
Risk Projects and Architecture Department 
Balance Risk Management Department 
Corporate Risk Assessment Department 
Corporate Risk Processes Department 
Retail Risk Management Department 
Retail Debt Restructuring and Collection 
Department 
Credit Processes and Retail Risk Assessment 
Department 
Collateral Management Department 
Credit Risk Models Department 
Foreign Branches Risk Management 
Department 
Position for advisory and strategic risk 
initiatives 
Managing Director for Retail Risk

--- Page 209 ---
98042995.13 
209 
 
Philosophy of risk management 
The risk management framework in the Group rests on the three pillars concept: 
1. 
Supporting sustainable growth through the development of tools and processes designed from the 
client's perspective. 
2. 
Pursuing prudent and stable risk management – shaping a safe and profitable balance sheet, 
managing risk in the Group in an integrated manner. 
3. 
Developing the risk management area in response to the challenges of the changing world. 
Risk reporting 
The Bank has adopted the principle of double risk reporting. On the one hand, the directors of the Bank's 
organisational units that deal with risk management on an operational level report directly and on an 
ongoing basis to the Management Board members responsible for the relevant units. On the other hand, the 
risk management area's departments that monitor and control quantifiable risks submit independent risk 
reports to the Deputy Chairman of the Management Board, the Chief Risk Officer and to the appropriate 
committees of the Bank's Management Board (including committees operating within the Business and 
Risk Forum). 
Integrated information on risk and capital management is provided to the Management Board members in 
a monthly report. The Management Board, the Risk Committee of the Supervisory Board and the 
Supervisory Board receive, on a quarterly basis, a comprehensive Risk and Capital Monitor ("RCM") 
report. The RCM report covers credit, market, liquidity and non-financial risks (including operational risk) 
as well as capital adequacy of the Group. Moreover, this report also covers the most important risk signals 
and observations as well as early warning information.

--- Page 210 ---
98042995.13 
210 
 
MARKET AND LEGAL ENVIRONMENT 
Market 
The information presented in this section has been extracted from publicly available sources and documents. 
The source of external information is always given if such information is used in this section. While 
reviewing, searching for and processing macroeconomic, market, industry or other data from external 
sources, such as the KNF or government publications, none of it has been independently verified by the 
Group, the Arranger or the Dealers or any of their affiliates or the Group's advisers in connection with the 
Programme. 
The Bank does not intend to and does not warrant to update the data concerning the market or the industry 
as presented in this section, subject to the duties resulting from generally binding regulations. 
The Polish Economy 
Poland is the largest economy in the Central and Eastern European region, with a track record of steady 
growth despite prolonged turmoil on the international financial markets. Poland, with approximately 37.6 
million residents, remains the largest accession member of the EU and the sixth largest EU country by 
population. 
The Polish economy's strength is underpinned by the following factors: 
• 
the private debt of non-financial enterprises and households is relatively low; 
• 
the currency regime in Poland is flexible; 
• 
Poland's exports and economy do not depend on a single sector and the domestic market is broad; 
• 
the Polish banking sector remains well-capitalised, liquid and profitable; and 
• 
the macroeconomic policy is geared towards maintaining long-term, high and sustainable growth. 
Since joining the EU in 2004, Poland has benefited significantly from EU structural funds, allowing the 
government to invest in infrastructural and social development. Adjustments to the EU standards have 
supported the country's modernisation. 
Poland's monetary policy framework is laid out in the Constitution and the Act on the National Bank of 
Poland. The NBP is responsible for the implementation of the monetary policy, the basic objective of which 
is to maintain price stability while supporting the government's economic policy. For nearly 20 years, the 
Monetary Policy Council (the "MPC") has been conducting monetary policy with a direct inflation 
targeting strategy. In 2004, the MPC adopted an inflation target of 2.5 per cent. with a symmetrical tolerance 
band for deviations of ± 1 per cent. The principles of the monetary policy strategy and the inflation target 
level remain unchanged. 
The year 2023 brought a marked slowdown in economic growth. According to the Central Statistical Office, 
GDP growth in 2023 decreased to 0.2 per cent. from 5.3 per cent. in 2022. This was attributable to the 
impact of high inflation on domestic demand, persisting geopolitical uncertainty as well as deteriorating 
business confidence due to the slowdown in the European economy, in particular in Germany - Poland's 
main trading partner. Solid investment growth continued throughout the year underpinned by the energy 
transition and the finalisation of projects financed under the ending EU financial perspective. Net exports 
made a positive contribution to GDP growth, while imports were under negative pressure from weak 
consumption and lower purchases by businesses. In the first quarter of 2024, GDP growth accelerated to 
2.0 per cent. compared to the first quarter of 2023. 
In 2023, consumer price index ("CPI") inflation peaked at 18.4 per cent. in February 2023. Since then, a 
steady decline was recorded and in December CPI inflation reached 6.2 per cent. year-on year. This brought 
the average annual inflation rate to 11.4 per cent. Initially, the fall in inflation was driven mainly by 
statistical effects, but afterwards it was supported by the normalisation of global energy prices and a strong 
fall in PPI inflation. The average annual core inflation rate, which excludes volatile food and energy prices, 
increased to 10.1 per cent. in 2023 from 9.1 per cent. in 2022. The disinflationary trend continued 
throughout the first half of 2024. As a result, CPI inflation reached a low of 2.0 per cent. year-on-year in 
March 2024. Since then, a slight increase was registered to 2.6 per cent in June.

--- Page 211 ---
98042995.13 
211 
 
The Monetary Policy Council cut interest rates in September 2023 by 75 basis points and in October 2023 
by 25 basis points. In consequence, the reference rate was brought down from 6.75 per cent. to 5.75 per 
cent. The monetary easing was driven by a substantial decline in inflation and weaker-than-expected 
economic activity. 
Despite the economic slowdown, the unemployment rate in Poland continued to decline and at the end of 
2023 was 5.1 per cent. compared with 5.2 per cent. at the end of 2022. Job cuts registered in the industry 
were more than offset by employment growth in other areas, such as services and the public sector. The 
number of foreigners in the domestic labour market grew steadily. The Social Insurance Institution's data 
indicated a stabilisation in the number of insured Ukrainians and an increase in the number of workers from 
other countries. 
The unemployment rate in Poland is well below the EU average. According to Eurostat, which uses a its 
own methodology, the unemployment rate in Poland in December 2023 reached 3.0 per cent. compared 
with 6.0 per cent. in the European Union (EU-27) and 6.5 per cent. in the Eurozone. In June 2024, Poland's 
registered unemployment rate was 4.9 per cent. and it was the lowest level since August 1990. 
In the corporate sector, wage growth remained at double-digit levels in 2023, averaging around 12 per cent. 
year-on-year. 
 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021  
2022 
2023 
 
 
 
 
GDP growth (YoY) ............... 
3.0 
5.1 
5.9 
4.5 
-2.0 
6.9 
5.6 
0.2* 
   Domestic demand (YoY) .... 
2.2 
5.4 
6.3 
3.3 
-2.7 
8.5 
5.2 
-4.1* 
   Private consumption (YoY) 
3.6 
6.3 
4.4 
3.5 
-3.6 
6.2 
5.4 
-1.0* 
   Investment (YoY) ............... 
-7.6 
1.6 
12.6 
6.2 
-2.3 
1.2 
2.7 
13.1* 
Exports growth (GUS, YoY) . 
6.7 
8.2 
6.1 
4.4 
1.0 
12.8 
1.5 
1.4 
Imports growth (GUS, YoY) . 
6.4 
10.5 
7.1 
3.0 
0.2 
15.5 
3.5 
-0.9 
Current account balance/ GDP 
-1.0 
-1.1 
-1.9 
-0.2 
2.5 
-1.3 
-2.4 
-1.6 
Inflation (Dec./Dec.) ............. 
0.8 
2.1 
1.1 
3.4 
2.4 
8.6 
16.6 
6.2 
Unemployment rate (eop) ...... 
8.2 
6.6 
5.8 
5.2 
6.3 
5.4 
5.2 
5.1 
MPC rate (eop) ...................... 
1.50 
1.50 
1.50 
1.50 
0.10 
1.75 
6.75 
5.75 
WIBOR 3M (eop) ................. 
1.73 
1.72 
1.72 
1.71 
0.21 
2.54 
7.02 
5,88 
 
 
 
 
EUR/PLN (eop) ..................... 
4.4240 
4.1709 
4.3000 
4.2585 
4.6148 
4.5994 
4.6899 
4.3480 
CHF/PLN (eop) ..................... 
4.1173 
3.5672 
3.8166 
3.9213 
4.2641 
4.4484 
4.7679 
4.6828 
USD/PLN (eop) ..................... 
4.1793 
3.4813 
3.7597 
3.7977 
3.7584 
4.0600 
4.4018 
3.9350 
Source: Central Statistical Office of Poland (Główny Urząd Statystyczny, "GUS"), NBP, GPW Benchmark 
               *preliminary data 
Development of the Polish Banking Sector 
Between 1989 and 1991, a two-tiered banking sector was established, separating the central bank from the 
rest of the banking sector. Nine regional commercial banks were created out of the NBP's commercial and 
retail banking operations. The NBP branch network and respective commercial loan portfolios of those 
branches were divided among the newly established banks to give each new bank a regional base. All of 
these regional banks were transformed into joint-stock companies in October 1991 and were subsequently 
privatised between 1993 and 2001. Since 1991, Polish banking law has allowed licensing of new private 
banks in Poland and opened the Polish banking market to foreign investors. As a result, there has been a 
rapid expansion in the number of banks due to foreign banking groups entering the market. 
The global financial crisis impacted the quality of loan portfolios and the level of earnings in the Polish 
banking sector, and increased pressure on funding for banks. However, because: (i) banks in Poland did not 
have significant exposure to toxic assets prior to the crisis; (ii) there were no significant speculative asset 
bubbles in Poland; (iii) deposits are the main source of banks' funding; (iv) Polish banks have relatively 
high capital adequacy ratios (with a high proportion of high-quality Tier 1 capital); and (v) Poland has 
experienced a stable macroeconomic situation (evidenced by the fact that Poland did not enter into a 
recession), the impact of the crisis on the Polish banking sector was limited in comparison to the Eurozone. 
The inflow of funds from abroad declined and the availability of funding on the inter-bank market was 
reduced following a lack of trust in the market. As a result, banks sought alternative sources of funding 
which significantly increased competition on the deposit market. In addition, a few large international 
financial institutions which suffered as a result of the global financial crisis have reassessed their

--- Page 212 ---
98042995.13 
212 
 
international strategies, putting their Polish operations up for review and sale (for example, KBC Group 
and Rabobank). These moves have added to the ongoing trend of increasing concentration in the hands of 
a few large banking groups. 
As of 30 June 2024, the total number of banks and branches of foreign credit institutions operating in Poland 
was 553, including 29 commercial banks in Poland, 33 branches of credit institutions and 491 relatively 
small co-operative banks according to the KNF data. 
The table below presents the number of banks and branches of foreign credit institutions conducting 
business activities in Poland: 
 
31 
December 
2019 
31 
December 
2020 
31 
December 
2021 
31 
December 
2022 
31 
December 
2023 
30  
June 
2024 
Total number including: .....................  
600 
596 
578 
560 
555 
553 
Domestic commercial banks..................  
30 
30 
30 
30 
29 
29 
Branches of foreign credit institutions ...  
32 
36 
37 
34 
34 
33 
Co-operative banks ................................  
538 
530 
511 
496 
492 
491 
Source: KNF 
The level of concentration increased in recent years. As of 31 December 2023, the share of five largest 
banks in total banking assets was 58.5 per cent. compared with 50.1 per cent. as of the end of December 
2019 according to the Banking sector data published by the KNF. It means that concentration in the Polish 
sector is still visibly below the EU average, which amounted to 68.6 per cent. as of 31 December 2023 
(source: Banking structural statistical indicators, Data Warehouse as of 7 June 2024). Two other markets, 
where the Bank operates are more oligopolistic mostly due to dominant role of the top three players, but 
their structure has been relatively stable over time, with the ratio in the Czech Republic at 65.4 per cent. 
and in Slovakia at 77.1 per cent. 
The ownership structure of the Polish banking sector has changed over the last decade. As a result of a 
series of merger and acquisition transactions, the state gained or regained influence over new entities; for 
example, Alior Bank (in 2015) and Bank Pekao (in 2017). As a result of this process, known as 
"repolonisation" or domestication of the banking sector, the importance of domestic investments grew in 
the Polish banking industry. The State Treasury, directly or indirectly, controls the activities of nine 
commercial banks. 
However, foreign investors still control a significant part of the assets of Poland's banking sector, including 
16 commercial banks. As of 30 June 2024, 41.7 per cent. of the total assets of the Polish banking sector 
belonged to foreign-owned banking groups (Source: Monthly data of the banking sector as of 30 June 2024 
published by the KNF on 14 August 2024). 
According to the KNF, the Polish banking industry enjoys a good balance between deep consolidation seen 
in Scandinavia and fragmented retail banking in Germany. However, the Polish banking sector is expected 
to continue to experience consolidation in the medium term. Polish banks are increasing their focus on the 
economies of scale to face the ongoing difficult macro environment. The COVID-19 pandemic has 
intensified the pressures on profitability A number of smaller market players generate relatively low 
revenues, which are subject to rising pressure. They may strive to increase their scale of operations to 
achieve a satisfactory ROE. Some banks will have to adapt their strategies to address their profitability 
squeeze and other challenges, including the ongoing threat from fintech and implementing effective 
environmental, social and governance goals. This may force further consolidation if profitability is eroded. 
Although Poland remains a less attractive banking market for new entrants, due to high regulatory 
contributions, capital requirements and legacy CHF exposures, the transformation of the Polish banking 
industry will continue. Smaller banks have less resilience and flexibility in coping with post-pandemic 
challenges. 
The consolidation process in Poland will be driven by the following factors: 
• 
prolonged pressure on the revenue side and limited organic growth opportunities due to financial and 
regulatory burdens imposed on the sector;  
• 
a necessity to meet regulatory capital and MREL requirements;

--- Page 213 ---
98042995.13 
213 
 
• 
additional earnings pressures resulting from credit holidays, MREL issuance and regulatory 
compliance; and  
• 
technological changes requiring investments and digitisation spending, which are particularly 
expensive for smaller banks;  
Potential cross-border activity among EU banks could lead to further ownership changes in Polish banking 
assets. Increasing sector concentration driven by the exit of foreign players and potential consolidation of 
state-owned banks may lead to higher profitability of the sector in the long term through increased pricing 
power and cost synergies. 
Financial Situation of the Polish Banking Sector 
The Polish banking sector remains the largest in the CEE region with total assets amounting to PLN 3.0 
trillion (EUR 693 billion) at the end of December 2023. Assets are dominated by loans and advances, which 
are the key source of banks' revenues.  
Poland's banking sector is well-capitalised and predominantly deposit-funded. In recent years the Polish 
banking sector has gradually improved its funding profile, making it more resilient to external shocks. 
However, the Polish banking industry operates in a challenging market environment. Currently, the 
following factors impact the operations of the banking sector in Poland: 
(a) the economic situation in Poland – after a phase of marked economic downturn, in 2024 a rebound is 
expected mainly due to increased private consumption; good situation on the Polish labour market, but 
strong cost pressures from the labour market driven by a significant increase in the minimum wage and 
increased demand for employees resulting from the economic recovery; 
(b) persistently high interest rates allowing high interest earnings to be generated while government bond 
yields fall;  
(c) profitability pressure from legal risk provisions set aside against CHF mortgage portfolios, inflow of 
new court cases related to CHF mortgage loans amid negative line of ruling, growing number of  
settlements with the borrowers;   
(d) high regulatory burdens, including the Banking Tax (0.44 per cent. of assets annually, excluding state 
bonds, own funds and a PLN 4 billon tax-free amount), BGF charges, credit holidays for PLN mortgage 
borrowers; 
(e) excessive customer protection and scrutiny with respect to the price list adjustments, impacting 
business model of retail banking; 
(f) changes in climate policy, including the accelerating energy transition and the increasing stringency 
and importance of environmental requirements;  
(g) existing and planned regulations, which may trigger the need for banks to raise additional equity; 
(h) challenges related to the management and storage of personal data and internet security – cyber-risk; 
(i) spreading technological solutions and their impact on clients' behaviour;  
(j) the consequences of the war in Ukraine, such as sanctions and restrictions causing worldwide 
disruptions to trade and investment and impacting consumers of food and fuel globally, possible 
escalation remains in the focus of market attention; the geopolitical situation in the Middle East and 
around Taiwan is also a factor of uncertainty.  
According to the KNF data, for the year ended 31 December 2023 the banking sector generated a net profit 
in the amount of PLN 27.9 billion compared with PLN 10.7 billion reported for the year ended 31 December 
2022. This improvement was driven mainly by higher net interest income and lower cost of risk. 
Total net operating income of the banking sector for the year ended 31 December 2023 increased by 15.6 
per cent. year-on-year. High interest rates lifted the net interest income, which in 2023 increased by 30.3 
per cent. year-on-year. Net fees and commission income recorded an increase of 1.3 per cent. year-on-year. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, total costs of the banking sector increased by 2.1 per cent. year-on-

--- Page 214 ---
98042995.13 
214 
 
year. Higher staff-related expenses and material costs driven by inflation were largely offset by lower 
regulatory costs due to the suspension of the contribution to the Deposit Guarantee Fund as well as the lack 
of contributions to the Polish Commercial Banks' Protection System – SOBK and to the BSF. As a result, 
the banking sector's cost to income ratio (including the Banking Tax) reached 47.3 per cent in 2023, 
compared with 53.5 per cent. in 2022. The scale of provisions to cover legal risk of FX housing loans 
increased significantly in 2023 as a result of, among others, the revision of the banks' model assumptions 
following the CJEU judgement in the case C-520/21 concerning the possibility of claiming remuneration 
for the use of capital provided in the performance of an invalid FX loan agreement. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, net ROE of the banking sector was 11.9 per cent., compared with 
5.5 per cent. in 2022. 
The table below shows the financial results of the Polish banking sector: 
 
For the year ended 31 December  
(in PLN million) 
Change  
(per cent.) 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2023/2022 
2022/2021 
Total net operating income ........................ 
107,584 
93,078 
67,374 
15.6 
38.2 
Total costs (incl. depreciation) .................. 
(50,849) 
(49,827) 
(40,096) 
2.1 
24.3 
Total loan loss provisions .......................... 
(7,141) 
(9,309) 
(7,149) 
-23.3 
30.2 
Profit before income tax ............................ 
41,840 
19,135 
12,112 
118.7 
58.0 
Net profit ................................................... 
27,921 
10,748 
5,976 
159.8 
79.8 
Source: KNF – Monthly data on the banking sector – June 2024 
 
For the year ended 31 December  
(per cent.)  
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
Cost/income ratio ...................................... 
47.3 
53.5 
59.5 
Return on Equity (net ROE) ...................... 
11.9 
5.5 
2.7 
Return on Assets (net ROA) ...................... 
0.97 
0.40 
0.24 
Cost of Risk (CoR) .................................... 
0.47 
0.63 
0.52 
Loan-to-Deposit ratio (L/D) 
70.2 
75.1 
76.5 
Tier 1 capital ratio 
20.1 
18.6 
17.4 
Source: mBank calculation based on KNF data (Monthly data on the banking sector – June 2024) 
As of 31 December 2023, total assets of the Polish banking sector amounted to PLN 3,011 billion and 
increased by 10.2 per cent. year-on-year. For the year ended 31 December 2023, total net loans increased 
by 2.2 per cent., while deposits of the non-financial sector increased by 9.2 per cent. year-on-year (Source: 
the KNF data - Monthly data on the banking sector – June 2024 published on 14 August 2024). 
 
As of 31 December 
(in PLN billion) 
Change 
(per cent.) 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2023/2022 
2022/2021 
Polish banks' aggregate assets 
3,011.0 
2,733.0 
2,572.5 
10.2 
6.2 
Total liabilities  
2,753.9 
2,530.5 
2,373.0 
8.8 
6.6 
Total equity 
257.1 
202.5 
199.5 
26.9 
1.5 
Source: KNF – Monthly data on the banking sector – June 2024 
The table below presents dynamics of key banking aggregates of the Polish banking sector. 
 
For the year ended 31 December  
(per cent.) 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
Corporate loans ......................................... 
-0.7 
9.6 
3.9 
Household loans ........................................ 
-1.3 
-3.8 
4.9 
   Mortgage loans, incl. .............................. 
-3.6 
-3.2 
7.1 
      Mortgage loans in PLN ....................... 
1.8 
-1.8 
12.0 
   Non-mortgage loans ............................... 
3.0 
-5.1 
1.1 
Corporate deposits ..................................... 
8.8 
11.6 
10.3 
Household deposits ................................... 
11.3 
3.3 
6.7

--- Page 215 ---
98042995.13 
215 
 
Source: mBank own calculations based on NBP data 
According to NBP data, for the year ended 31 December 2023, the nominal volume of household loans 
decreased by 1.3 per cent. compared with the year ended 31 December 2022. Mortgage housing loans 
declined by 3.6 per cent. compared with the year ended 31 December 2022 due to a decrease in the volume 
of foreign-currency housing loans driven by repayments of CHF loans and voluntary conversions to PLN 
loans. The rebound in the dynamics of PLN housing loans in the second half of the year was affected by 
the government's "Safe Credit 2 per cent. programme" supporting the purchase of the first flat. Non-
mortgage loans to retail customers increased by 3.0 per cent. year-on-year.  
The NPL ratio as of 31 December 2023 was 5.4 per cent.: 5.1 per cent. for households and 6.1 per cent. for 
corporate clients (source: mBank own calculations based on NBP data). The limited impact of higher debt 
servicing costs and the economic slowdown on the level of credit risk can be explained by the relatively 
small deterioration in borrowers' capacity to repay debt and the banks' prudent lending policies in the past 
few years. A low unemployment rate and continued credit holidays had a positive impact on the quality of 
household loans. Debt service capacity of corporate clients has not deteriorated significantly. A 
conservative regulatory environment has a positive impact on the asset quality of Polish banks. 
Recommendation S of the KNF introduced a limitation on loan-to-value and recommends a repayment 
period no longer than 25 years for retail customers. Recommendation T of the KNF instructed that 
assessment of the client's standing should be based on certificates of income and external databases, e.g., 
the Credit Information Bureau, and that the maximum debt-to-income ratio should be determined by the 
bank's management board and approved by the supervisory board. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, household deposits increased by 11.3 per cent. compared with the 
end of 2022. Corporate deposits increased by 8.8 per cent. year-on-year, mirroring good liquidity in the 
enterprise sector. 
The liabilities of most banks in Poland show a low concentration and a high share of guaranteed deposits, 
which fosters their stability. According to the KNF, the guaranteed deposits account for more than 80 per 
cent. of retail deposits in Polish commercial banks, which represents more than a half of banks' liabilities. 
The deposit guarantee mechanism coupled with the high degree of fragmentation implies that the core 
deposit that determines the stable part of the deposit base remains high. 
The sector's capital adequacy was positively affected by better valuation of financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income and profits generated by the banks. The average TCR as of 31 
December 2023 was 21.7 per cent. and Tier 1 capital ratio amounted to 20.1 per cent. compared with 20.4 
per cent. and 18.6 per cent. as of 31 December 2022, respectively (Source: KNF Banking sector data – 
June 2024 published on 14 August 2024). 
As demonstrated by low loan-to-deposit ratio (70.2 per cent. in December 2023) and high LCR ratio (215 
per cent. for commercial banks in December 2023 according to the KNF), the sector is still over-liquid. A 
part of this liquidity is invested in Treasury bonds and NBP bills. 
In 2024, the Polish economy started to rebound. The consumption is the main driver behind stronger 
economic growth. It is fuelled by a recovery of real consumer income due to continuing disinflation 
processes and growing wages and salaries. Investments are under the impact of the slow recovery of public 
investments and the weakness of private investments. Additional support is provided by a better investment 
climate and the actions taken by the government, including the unblocking of European Union funds. 
However, 2024 is marked by geopolitical uncertainty.  
The OECD expects real GDP growth in Poland to accelerate to 2.9 per cent. in 2024 with rising real wages 
and fiscal policy supporting consumption growth, despite weaker investment growth ("OECD Economic 
Outlook", May 2024). OECD economists forecast that in 2025 GDP will grow by 3.4 per cent. It will be 
supported by EU funds that will lead to a revival in investments. The current forecasts of the Chief 
Economist of mBank regarding economic growth in 2024 and 2025 are a bit more optimistic. 
The inflation rate, after a drop in the first quarter of 2024, started to increase, among others, due to higher 
taxes on food and a lifting of energy-price caps. Most economists expect that the Monetary Policy Council 
will leave interest rates unchanged in 2024, taking into consideration forecasts of higher inflation in the 
second half of the year and a rebound in consumption. According to the July inflation projection of the 
NBP, inflation will accelerate to over 6 per cent. year-on-year in the first half of 2025 and then start to

--- Page 216 ---
98042995.13 
216 
 
decline. The inflation target is expected to be reached in the second half of 2026. Wage growth is projected 
to slow steadily, followed by a gradual decline in core inflation. The current communication from the 
Monetary Policy Council is rather mixed. The NBP governor rules out interest rate cuts before the end of 
2025, while other members of the monetary Policy Council see room for such a move. 
In 2024, the dynamics of housing loans is positively impacted by the higher creditworthiness of potential 
borrowers and customers' expectations of falling interest rates in the coming years. Strengthening 
consumption, propelled by real wage growth, enhances demand for consumer credit. Credit demand from 
businesses show signs of improvement. Problem loans remain broadly stable, as growing real wages, 
historically low unemployment rates and lower interest rates than in 2023 support loan repayment. At the 
same time households seeking to protect their savings drive inflow of retail deposits. 
Although the banks' net interest margins may soften in 2024, revenues will be supported by higher loan 
growth. The increase in banks' funding costs has peaked and competition for deposits is easing. Operating 
expenses, particularly staff costs, will continue to grow, but at a slower pace than in 2023 and provisioning 
costs are likely to be broadly flat. Banks in Poland will continue to benefit from good access to low-cost, 
stable deposits. Existing and planned regulations (the MREL requirement, the long-term financing ratio, 
CRR III/ CRD VI regulatory changes may trigger the need for banks to raise additional equity capital or 
long-term funding. Credit holidays programme is continued in 2024, but under eligibility restrictions.  
Legal risk associated with FX housing loans is effectively managed by banks, however it continues to 
remain the major burden to the domestic banking sector. For three years, banks have offered settlements to 
their clients and set aside appropriate provisions. However, some banks are still faced with additional 
provisioning needs stemming among others from repaid CHF mortgage loans, for which the borrowers 
maintain the right to sue the banks. The inflow of new lawsuits is likely to continue in the coming quarters 
and banks will continue to book provisions related to CHF mortgage loans. According to the Financial 
Stability Report published by the NBP in June 2024, additional provisions necessary to cover the risk of 
FX housing loans in banks' balance sheets may range from a dozen to more than PLN 20 billion.  
In July 2024, the KNF adopted the recommendation concerning a long-term funding ratio. The regulator 
expects that starting from the end of 2026, banks in Poland will be required to maintain this ratio at a level 
of at least 40 per cent. The long-term funding ratio recommendation ("LTFR Recommendation") aims to 
reduce the risk associated with the current financing structure of mortgage loans and to change this structure 
by increasing the share of long-term debt instruments in banks' liabilities in relation to the value of mortgage 
loans granted. For the 40 per cent. threshold, the KNF has given banks sufficient freedom on how they 
refinance. The banks can use own funds in excess of the regulatory capital requirements, MREL-eligible 
securities, non-callable long-term debt instruments, covered bonds and retail deposits with a contractual 
maturity of more than two years. Each refinancing option has weights attached, which banks will have to 
take into account when determining their refinancing mix. The excess own funds will attract a weighting 
of 1.4 times, but the weighting will reduce over the next seven years by 0.2 times each year until it reaches 
zero. As a result of the entry into force of the LTFR Recommendation, banks will be required to issue more 
mortgage bonds or other debt securities and to extend the maturity of retail deposits. 
Legal Environment 
Specific Requirement for the Banks 
Engaging in banking activities involves meeting multiple regulatory obligations, most of which follow 
directly from the provisions of the Banking Law, and from resolutions, ordinances and recommendations 
made by the KNF. The most important of these obligations relate to the Bank's own funds, the capital 
adequacy ratio, solvency ratio, exposure concentration, risk management systems and financial 
management conducted by the Bank. 
Banks have a duty to protect banking secrecy. Regulations on personal data protection are particularly 
important for the functioning of banks in order to protect individual customers. Personal data may be 
processed exclusively in compliance with detailed regulations, using technical and organisational resources 
which ensure the protection of personal data against unauthorised processing, including making it available 
to third parties. 
The Bank must also comply with regulations for the prevention of the use of the financial system for the 
purpose of money laundering and terrorist financing.

--- Page 217 ---
98042995.13 
217 
 
Certain restrictions also apply if banks retain any third parties for the performance of banking activities for 
and on behalf of the bank or for the performance of any banking-related operations (so-called 
"outsourcing"). 
Agreements concluded by banks with their customers are subject to detailed regulations (see also 
"Consumer Protection" below). 
Banking Supervision Exercised by the KNF 
In Poland, banking supervision is currently exercised by the KNF and covers, in particular: 
(a) assessing the financial position of banks, including analysing liquidity, the quality of assets, solvency 
and the financial results of banks; 
(b) estimating, maintaining and reviewing internal capital; 
(c) auditing the quality of risk management systems, and in particular of the risk management system and 
internal control system; 
(d) auditing compliance of the banks' activities with the appropriate regulations; and 
(e) monitoring and controlling the banks' compliance with the exposure concentration limits and standards 
for the risk acceptable in their operations as determined by the KNF. 
The KNF has wide powers and legal instruments which enable it to carry out supervision over banks 
(including the possibility to conduct inspections and impose administrative penalties). 
Other Supervisory Authorities 
Some areas of banking operations are subject to the supervision of other public administration authorities, 
the most important of which are as follows: 
(a) the OCCP with respect to protecting market competition and consumers' collective rights; 
(b) the Personal Data Protection Office with respect to collecting, processing, managing and protecting 
personal data; and 
(c) the minister responsible for financial institutions and the General Inspector for Financial Information 
with respect to the prevention of money laundering and financing of terrorism. 
Bank Guarantee Fund 
The BGF covers the monetary assets deposited in bank accounts or receivable in respect of claims 
confirmed by documents issued by banks with a guarantee system. Participation in the BGF is mandatory 
for all Polish banks and, in certain instances, for branches of foreign banks operating in Poland. Banks 
covered by the guarantee system make mandatory annual payments to the BGF and are obliged to set up a 
guaranteed funds protection fund. The mandatory guarantee system ensures that if a bank becomes 
insolvent, the funds deposited in bank accounts, up to an amount specified in the regulations, are returned. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, funds up to the amount equivalent to EUR 100,000 per single person 
in respect of deposits in all accounts in a given bank are fully covered by the guarantee system. Funds 
deposited in particular by government administration authorities, other banks, credit institutions, insurance 
companies and investment and pension funds are not covered by the guarantee system. 
Additionally, the BGF is the Polish resolution authority. Under the BRRD and the BGF Act, the BGF is 
authorised to commence resolution proceedings with respect to banks operating in Poland. The BGF has at 
its disposal a wide range of legal instruments during resolution proceedings, including the power to write 
down debt instruments issued by a bank or to convert them into shares of the bank. 
Institutional protection scheme for commercial banks 
On 10 June 2022, the KNF approved the agreement and recognised the institutional protection scheme 
created in accordance with Article 130c of the Banking Law Act of 29 August 1997 by eight Polish 
commercial banks (Alior Bank S.A., BNP Paribas Bank Polska S.A., ING Bank Śląski S.A., mBank S.A.,

--- Page 218 ---
98042995.13 
218 
 
Bank Millennium S.A., Bank Pekao S.A., PKO Bank Polski S.A. and Santander Bank Polska S.A.). The 
above-mentioned banks signed the protection scheme agreement and established the Polish Commercial 
Banks' Protection System - SOBK. The protection scheme can be joined by other local banks provided they 
satisfy the terms and conditions set out in general law and in the protection scheme agreement. 
As part of the system, an aid fund has been established to which the participating banks provided cash 
contributions. The aid fund may be used to ensure liquidity and solvency of the participants of the scheme, 
support resolution of a bank conducted by the BGF and the takeover of a bank being a joint-stock company 
pursuant to Art. 146b paragraph. 1 of the Banking Law. On 30 September 2022, the BGF initiated a 
resolution of Getin Noble Bank. The activities and main assets and liabilities of Getin Noble Bank were 
transferred to a bridge bank created by the BGF, in which SOBK acquired 49 per cent. of the share capital.  
Consumer Protection 
The Consumer Credit Act dated 12 May 2011 (as amended), the Civil Code regulations and other consumer 
protection laws impose on the banks several obligations related to agreements signed with natural persons 
who perform actions which are not directly related to their business or professional activities (consumers). 
The most important of those are the requirements to inform the consumer about the cost of extended credit 
and loans, and to include specified terms in the consumer loan agreement as well as the prohibition from 
including specific clauses which are unfavourable to consumers in agreements. If a customer loan 
agreement does not meet certain requirements of the Consumer Credit Act, the borrower is authorised under 
the law to repay the loan in principal amount with interest accrued until the prepayment date. In some 
circumstances, the borrower may be authorised to repay only the principal amount, without interest, fees 
and any other amounts due to the bank under the loan agreement. 
There is a cap for the maximum interest rates which may be charged by a bank under a loan agreement. 
The maximum interest rate is capped at two times the sum of the applicable reference rate of the NBP and 
3.5 per cent. 
Personal Data Protection 
In light of the large number of individuals serviced by banks, all the regulations concerning personal data 
protection are of particular importance to banking operations. Personal data may be processed exclusively 
in compliance with specific regulations, while applying technical and organisational means that ensure the 
protection of personal data, particularly from disclosure to any unauthorised parties. Additionally, the 
persons to whom such data relates to should have the right to access all of their personal data and to correct 
it. 
The GDPR entered into force on 25 May 2018. It imposes new obligations and guidelines on companies 
managing and processing personal data. This means a significant change for companies in their approach 
to the security of data storage and the issue of making personal data available to the relevant employees. 
The key consequences resulting from the GDPR’s implementation include: 
(a) the extension of the personal data definition, including persons to whom the data relates; 
(b) automated processing of personal data permitted under certain conditions; 
(c) considerably increased legal rights of individuals; 
(d) new obligations of personal data processors, controllers and data protection officers relating to the 
technical and organizational protection of personal data; and 
(e) administrative fines for non-compliance with the Regulation of up to EUR 20 million or 4 per cent of 
an organization’s annual worldwide turnover and judicial redress of individuals allowing to claim 
compensation in excess of the statutory fines.

--- Page 219 ---
98042995.13 
219 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE BANK 
Introduction 
Name: ..................................................................... 
mBank Spółka Akcyjna 
Legal form: ............................................................. 
Joint-stock company established and operating 
under Polish law 
Registered office: ................................................... 
Warsaw 
Address:.................................................................. 
ul. Prosta 18, 00-850 Warsaw, Poland 
Telephone: .............................................................. 
 +48 (22) 829 00 00 
Website address: ..................................................... 
www.mbank.pl  
E-mail address: ....................................................... 
relacje.inwestorskie@mbank.pl  
National Court Register registration number: ........ 
0000025237 
REGON (statistical number): ................................. 
001254524 
NIP: ........................................................................ 
526-021-50-88 
 
History 
The Bank was established on the basis of Resolution No. 99 of the Council of Ministers dated 20 June 1986 
as Bank Rozwoju Eksportu Spółka Akcyjna, and it commenced operations on 2 January 1987. 
On 4 March 1999, the 9th Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting passed a resolution to change the 
name of the Bank to BRE Bank Spółka Akcyjna. 
On 11 April 2013, the 16th General Shareholders' Meeting passed a resolution to change the name of the 
Bank from BRE Bank Spółka Akcyjna to mBank Spółka Akcyjna. 
Currently, the registration court with jurisdiction over the Bank is the District Court for the capital city of 
Warsaw, 13th Business Department of the National Court Register. 
The Bank was established for an unspecified period. 
Legal Regulations Concerning the Bank's Operations 
The Bank operates in accordance with the KSH, the Banking Law and other regulations relating to 
commercial companies and entities engaged in banking operations. 
The basic regulation determining the organisation and manner of operations of the Bank is the Bank's 
Articles of Association. 
The Bank's Business Purpose Specified in the Articles of Association 
In accordance with paragraph 5 of the Articles of Association, the Bank's business purpose is to provide 
banking services, as well as consulting and advisory services in financial matters, and to perform economic 
activity within the scope defined in § 6 of the Articles of Association.  
The Bank's share capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank's registered share capital amounts to PLN 169,987,892 
(fully paid-up) and is divided into 42,496,973 shares with a nominal value of PLN 4.00 each, including: (a) 
42,485,973 ordinary bearer shares listed on the main market of the WSE; and (b) 11,000 registered 
dematerialised shares which are not listed on the main market of the WSE. 
There are no preferences attached to shares and each share entitles the holder to a right to one vote at the 
General Shareholders' Meeting. 
The Management Board shall be authorised to increase the share capital of the Bank by the amount not 
higher than PLN 60,000,000 by way of single or repeated share capital increase within the limits indicated 
above by way of bearer shares issue (the "authorised capital"). The Management Board of the Bank shall 
be authorised to increase the share capital within the limits of the authorised capital provided the

--- Page 220 ---
98042995.13 
220 
 
Supervisory Board gives its consent to such capital increase and an appropriate resolution in the form of a 
notarial deed is adopted by the Management Board. 
Given the Bank's status as a public company within the meaning of the Public Offering Act and the fact 
that the majority of the shares of the Bank are listed on the regulated main market operated by the WSE, 
the Bank does not have detailed information on all of its shareholders. 
Major Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Commerzbank was the Bank's majority shareholder, holding 
29,352,897 shares representing 69.1 per cent. of the share capital of the Bank and the same proportion of 
the voting rights at the General Shareholders' Meeting. Commerzbank holds only ordinary bearer shares, 
each of which gives the right to one vote at the General Shareholders' Meeting. Commerzbank does not 
have any additional voting rights at the General Shareholders' Meeting. For a more detailed discussion on 
Commerzbank's control over the Bank, see "Control of Commerzbank over the Bank". 
The remaining shares in free float are held mainly by financial investors, including Polish pension funds, 
and Polish and foreign investment funds. The open-end pension funds jointly held 18.4 per cent. of mBank 
shares in accordance with the lists of shares of WSE-listed companies held in funds' portfolios as at the end 
of 2023 published by open-end pension funds.  
On 21 March 2024, the Bank received a notification from Nationale-Nederlanden Powszechne 
Towarzystwo Emerytalne S.A. ("NN PTE") that Nationale-Nederlanden Otwarty Fundusz Emerytalny 
("NN OFE") holds 5 per cent. of the share capital of the Bank and the same proportion of voting rights at 
the General Shareholders' Meeting. According to the notification, after share purchase transactions on 19 
March 2024, NN OFE held a total of 2,129,814 shares. As a result of the these transactions, the NN PTE 
funds hold in total 2,200,912 shares, representing 5.2 per cent. of the share capital of the Bank and the total 
number of votes at the General Shareholder's Meeting. 
The Bank is a public company and its shares are listed on the regulated market of the WSE. Therefore, the 
Bank does not have detailed information on all of its shareholders. The Bank only receives information on 
its significant shareholders if these shareholders comply with the notification requirements prescribed by 
Polish law. 
The table below sets out information on the shareholding structure of the Bank based on the most recent 
notifications made to the Bank: 
 
Number of shares 
Per cent. of voting rights 
at the General 
Shareholders' Meeting 
Commerzbank AG .......................................................................  
29,352,897 
69.1 per cent. 
Other shareholders .......................................................................  
13,144,076 
30.9 per cent. 
- 
incl. funds managed by NN PTE 
2,200,912 
5.2 per cent. 
Total ............................................................................................  
42,496,973 
100.00 per cent. 
 
Control of Commerzbank over the Bank 
Nature of Control 
Commerzbank, as a holder of the majority of voting rights at the General Shareholders' Meeting of the 
Bank, can execute decisive influence on the resolutions adopted by this body, and in particular on the 
resolutions on key issues relating to the Bank's organisation and operations, including: (a) the appropriation 
of the profit/offsetting of losses incurred by the Bank; (b) the approval of the due performance of their 
duties by the Bank's bodies; (c) the appointments and dismissals of the members of the Supervisory Board; 
(d) the amendments of the Articles of Association; (e) the increases and decreases in the share capital of 
the Bank; (f) the redemption of shares; (g) the utilisation of the supplementary capital and other reserves 
by the Bank; (h) the issue of convertible bonds or bonds with a pre-emptive right; (i) the determination of 
remuneration rules for the Supervisory Board members; and (j) the Bank's liquidation, merger, demerger 
or transformation. Since the Management Board members are appointed and dismissed by the Supervisory 
Board, Commerzbank, by having a decisive influence on the composition of the Supervisory Board, can

--- Page 221 ---
98042995.13 
221 
 
also directly influence the composition of the Management Board. At the date of this Base Prospectus, no 
entity other than Commerzbank has control over the Bank. 
In the opinion of the Bank, neither the Articles of Association nor the Regulations of the General 
Shareholders' Meeting, Supervisory Board and Management Board contain any provisions which might 
delay, forestall or prevent a change of control over the Bank. 
Mechanisms Preventing the Abuse of Control 
There are a number of legal instruments aimed at preventing the abuse of control over the Bank by its major 
shareholder specified in the provisions of the Public Offering Act and the KSH. 
The Bank's Position in the Commerzbank Group 
Under a strategic agreement signed in 1994, mBank has received several capital injections from 
Commerzbank, the last of which was in 2010 and totalled approximately PLN 1.4 billion as Commerzbank 
acquired approximately 70.0 per cent. of the new issue of shares during mBank's capital increase. Moreover, 
mBank has received subordinated loans in CHF. The nominal value of subordinated loans from 
Commerzbank stands at CHF 250 million. 
In addition, in the past the Bank has periodically used funding from Commerzbank. As of 30 June 2024, 
the total outstanding indebtedness of the Group to the Commerzbank Group, excluding subordinated debt, 
was the equivalent of PLN 0.6 billion (as of 31 December 2023: PLN 0.8 billion). 
A technical co-operation agreement gives mBank access to the network of Commerzbank and its 
correspondent banks around the world. In addition, Commerzbank offers its know-how to mBank under 
separate agreements, enabling co-operation in many areas e.g., co-operation in serving international clients 
(including Commerzbank clients), compliance and money laundering prevention or shared reporting 
systems in accounting and controlling. In the key area of Risk control, the co-operation concerns are 
especially on the exchange of experiences regarding the implementation of new European regulations. 
Within the basic agreement on methodologies between mBank and Commerzbank, mBank is fully 
responsible and ensures decisions independence in all Risk Management areas, especially in credit 
operations. 
The Bank also participates in the Commerzbank Group multi-year planning system.

--- Page 222 ---
98042995.13 
222 
 
The Group 
General Information 
The Group comprises entities controlled by the Bank and which, in respect of the Bank, are of the following 
nature: 
• 
strategic: shares and equity interests in companies supporting particular business segments of 
mBank S.A. (Corporate & Investment Banking, Retail Banking segment, Treasury and Other) with 
an investment horizon not shorter than three years. The formation or acquisition of these companies 
was intended to expand the range of services offered to the clients of the Bank; 
• 
other: shares and equity interests in companies acquired in exchange for receivables, in transactions 
resulting from composition and work out agreements with debtors, with the intention to recover a 
part or all claims to loan receivables and insolvent companies under liquidation or receivership. 
The diagram below shows the structure of the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Bank's Material Subsidiaries (consolidated) 
 
 
Introduction 
General information on the Bank's consolidated subsidiaries, listed in alphabetical order, is presented below. 
All material subsidiaries referred to below were included in the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements 
and the H1 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements. The Bank holds, directly and indirectly, 100 per cent. 
of the share capital of each subsidiary, which entitles it to exercise 100 per cent. of the voting rights of the 
General Shareholders Meetings of the subsidiary. The core activities of the Bank's material subsidiaries 
comprise sales of the Bank's and third-party financial products, including loans, business products, leasing 
and factoring. 
Future Tech Fundusz Inwestycyjny Zamknięty 
mBank holds 98.04 per cent. in the number of the Fund's investment certificates and voting rights. 
Principal information 
 
Name and legal form: 
Future 
Tech 
Fundusz 
Inwestycyjny 
Zamknięty 
(closed-end 
investment fund) 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Nowy Świat 6/12, 00-400 Warsaw, Poland 
mBank S.A. 
Future Tech FIZ 
mLeasing Sp. z o.o. 
mBank Hipoteczny S.A. 
mElements S.A. 
mFaktoring S.A. 
mTowarzystwo Funduszy  
Inwestycyjnych S.A. 
mFinanse S.A. 
Asekum  
Sp. z o.o. 
LeaseLink  
Sp. z o.o. 
100% 
mFinanse CZ 
s.r.o. 
mFinanse SK 
s.r.o. 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
98.04% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100%

--- Page 223 ---
98042995.13 
223 
 
Initial value of investment 
certificates:  
PLN 223,416,000 
Core activities: 
An investment vehicle within the framework of the mAccelerator 
project, the aim of which is to develop and then commercialise high-
potential projects in the field of modern technologies supporting the 
financial services sector (fintech). The governing body of the fund is 
Quercus TFI S.A. 
At the end of June 2024, the fund's portfolio was composed of the 
following 
companies: 
Digital 
Teammates 
(robotic 
process 
automation); CyberRescue (a service supporting the network security 
of customers), Digital Operations (specialising in digital process 
automation); ChatForce (Bot4Business, communication platform for 
automatic exchange of information with mobile communication 
platforms); HCM Deck (a technological HR platform, which supports 
HR departments in managing, automating and analysing processes 
related to employee development in larger organisations); Drobna 
Ratka (Mercury Financial, a digital lender increasing affordability in 
the motor insurance market by ensuring fast and trouble-free 
instalment financing of third party liability insurance). 
 
mBH 
Principal information 
 
Name and legal form: 
mBank Hipoteczny S.A. (joint-stock company) 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Prosta 18, 00-850 Warsaw, Poland 
Share capital: 
PLN 220,000,000 
Core activities: 
Providing stable, long-term and affordable funding for loans backed 
by real estate through issuance of covered bonds both on domestic and 
foreign capital markets based on the portfolio of residential mortgage 
loans for individual clients built in close co-operation with mBank. 
On 30 March 2023, the shareholders of mBH and mBank approved 
the division of mBH. As a result of the division, mBank acquired loans 
and advances to customers from mBH in the amount of PLN 1.7 
billion (measured at amortised cost and at fair value through profit or 
loss) and the loan portfolio of mBH consists solely of retail mortgage 
loans. 
mElements 
Principal information 
 
Name and legal form: 
mElements S.A. (joint-stock company) 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Prosta 18, 00-850, Warsaw, Poland 
Share capital: 
PLN 19,700,000 
Core activities: 
developing IT solutions, including API solutions, online and mobile 
payments as well as services dedicated to online sellers, including the 
Paynow payment integrator; the company can operate as a National 
Payment Institution.

--- Page 224 ---
98042995.13 
224 
 
mFaktoring 
Principal information 
 
Name and legal form: 
mFaktoring S.A. (joint-stock company) 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Prosta 18, 00-850 Warsaw, Poland 
Share capital: 
PLN 11,505,000 
Core activities: 
factoring services for domestic, export and import transactions: 
providing clients with financing of current activity, professional 
management of receivables, accepting the risk of insolvency, 
maintenance of settlement accounts of creditors and effective 
enforcement of receivables. 
mFinanse 
Principal information 
 
Name and legal form: 
mFinanse S.A. (joint-stock company) 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Ignacego Skorupki 5, 00-546 Warszawa 
Share capital: 
PLN 45,245,000 
Core activities: 
a distribution agent and financial adviser for financial products and 
services, sales of the Bank's and third-party financial products, 
including current accounts, mortgage loans, cash loans, insurance 
products, business products and leasing. 
The Group consolidates two subsidiaries fully owned by mFinanse 
mFinanse CZ s.r.o 
 
Principal information 
 
Name and legal form: 
mFinanse CZ s.r.o (limited liability company) 
Registered office and address: 
Pernerova 691/42, Karlín, 186 00 Prague, Czech Republic 
Core activities: 
financial intermediation in the sale of banking products distributed by 
mBank's branches in the Czech Republic. 
mFinanse SK s.r.o 
 
Principal information 
 
Name and legal form: 
mFinanse SK s.r.o (limited liability company) 
Registered office and address: 
Pribinova 10, 811 09 Bratislava, Slovakia 
Core activities: 
financial intermediation in the sale of banking products distributed by 
mBank's branches in Slovakia. 
mLeasing 
Principal information 
 
Name and legal form: 
mLeasing Sp z o.o. (limited liability company) 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Prosta 18, 00-850 Warsaw, Poland

--- Page 225 ---
98042995.13 
225 
 
Share capital: 
PLN 6,121,500 
Core activities: 
leasing of vehicles of up to 3.5 tonnes, heavy transport vehicles, 
machines and devices, including medical ones, car fleet management, 
complex services of financing commercial and office facilities, hotels 
and warehouses. 
The Group consolidates two subsidiaries fully owned by mLeasing. 
Asekum 
Principal information: 
 
Name and legal form: 
Asekum Sp z o.o. (limited liability company) 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Prosta 18, 00-850 Warsaw, Poland 
Core activities: 
insurance services related to leased assets.  
LeaseLink 
Principal information: 
 
Name and legal form: 
LeaseLink. Sp. z o.o. 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Grochowska 306, loc. 308, 03-840 Warsaw, Poland 
Core activities: 
leasing in e-commerce: financing the purchases of entrepreneurs made 
in e-stores and stationary outlets; LeaseLink's dedicated application 
allows leasing payment services (Pay By Link). 
mTFI 
Principal information: 
 
Name and legal form: 
mTowarzystwo Funduszy Inwestycyjnych S.A (joint-stock company) 
Registered office and address: 
ul. Prosta 18, 00-850 Warsaw, Poland 
Share capital 
PLN 10,000,000 
Core activities: 
establishment and management of investment funds and providing 
portfolio management services, which may include one or more 
financial instruments.

--- Page 226 ---
98042995.13 
226 
 
MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY CORPORATE AUTHORITIES 
In accordance with the KSH and Banking Law regulations, the Bank is managed by the Management Board 
and overseen by the Supervisory Board. The information provided below relating to the organisation, 
competencies and activities of the Management Board and Supervisory Board has been prepared based on 
the provisions of the KSH and the Banking Law, the Articles of Association of the Bank and the internal 
regulations of such bodies binding as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Management Board 
The governing body of the Bank is the Management Board. 
Organisation and Competencies of the Management Board 
The Management Board is composed of at least three members appointed by the Supervisory Board. The 
Management Board comprises the President and other members of the Management Board. The 
Supervisory Board may appoint members to the Management Board to the position of First Vice-President 
or Vice-President of the Management Board. 
At least half of the members of the Management Board, including the President of the Management Board, 
must hold Polish citizenship. 
Members of the Management Board are appointed for a term of office of five years. The term of office is 
calculated in financial years (the first financial year of the term of office is each time the financial year in 
which the performance of the function began, even if it would not commence at the beginning of this 
financial year). The mandate of a member of the Management Board shall expire no later than on the date 
of the General Meeting approving the financial statements for the last full financial year of performing the 
function of a member of the Management Board. The term of a member of the Management Board also 
expires in the case of death, resignation, or recalling of the member from the Management Board. 
The appointment of the President of the Management Board and the Member of the Management Board 
responsible for supervising the management of risks relevant to the Bank's operations, is subject to approval 
by the KNF. 
The President of the Management Board is the head of the Management Board. The responsibilities of the 
President include, among others: 
(a) heading the Management Board; 
(b) representing the Bank; 
(c) issuing internal regulations and instructions, rules and other provisions that regulate the Bank's 
activities; however, if required by a provision of law or internal regulation of the Bank, such 
internal regulations and instructions, rules and other provisions should be based on a prior 
resolution of the Management Board on this respect; and 
(d) dividing competences among the Bank's Management Board Members and Managing Directors, 
based on a resolution of the Management Board; however, no resolution in this respect can be 
passed without the consent of the President of the Management Board and it requires approval 
from the Supervisory Board. 
(e) dividing powers between the Managing Directors on the basis of a resolution of the Management 
Board, where such a resolution may not be adopted without the consent of the President of the 
Management Board. 
Members of the Management Board manage the Bank's activities in accordance with the regulations of the 
Management Board. Members of the Management Board may be entrusted by the President of the 
Management Board with supervision over specific areas of the Bank's activities. 
The Management Board works on the basis of internal regulations approved by the Supervisory Board. The 
internal regulations determine, among other things, matters which require collective review and resolution 
by the Management Board. 
The Management Board manages the Bank's business, represents the Bank, reviews the Bank's current 
matters and: (a) specifies the guidelines for the Bank's operations, specifically those exposed to risk; (b)

--- Page 227 ---
98042995.13 
227 
 
monitors management reporting; (c) participates in defining the Bank's medium and long-term development 
plans; (d) oversees preparation and implementation of budgets and preparation of the Bank's financial 
statements; (e) reviews policies relating to human resources including bonuses and remuneration; (f) takes 
decisions relating to investments within the Management Board's powers; (g) grants and revokes proxies; 
(h) manages issues related to the Bank's organisation or otherwise submitted for review by the Supervisory 
Board and the General Shareholders' Meeting; and (i) determines detailed principles and organisation of 
accounting, capital adequacy, capital management, internal controls and risk management. 
Issues requiring the passing of a resolution by the Management Board include among other things: (a) 
approving the Bank's financial statements and related matters for the previous financial year; (b) approving 
the report regarding Bank's operations for the previous financial year; (c) determining certain information 
policies for risk and capital adequacy management; (d) as a rule, approving acquisitions and disposals of 
real estate or other shares by the Bank; (e) as a rule, incurring liabilities or managing assets whose total 
value in respect of one entity exceeds 5 per cent. of the Bank's own funds; (f) securing proxies; (g) 
establishing organisational matters for the Bank; (h) establishing and liquidating branch offices and other 
organisational entities of the Bank;(i) preparation, update and implementation of the recovery plan; and (j) 
all decisions and transactions which require the consent or authorisation of the Supervisory Board. 
Resolutions of the Management Board are passed by a majority of votes of the members of the Management 
Board present at the meeting and, in the event that an even amount of votes is cast for and against, the 
President of the Management Board has a casting vote. 
Without the consent of the Supervisory Board, members of the Management Board cannot engage in 
competing activities or have an interest in another competing legal entity. This restriction extends to 
members of the Management Board who hold at least 10 per cent. of the shares in the competing entity, or 
who have the right to appoint at least one member of its management board. 
Members of the Management Board 
Basic information on the members of the Management Board in office as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
is set out below. 
Full name 
Age 
Position on the 
Management Board 
Date of 
coming into 
office 
Date of end of the term of 
office 
Cezary Kocik 
53 
Vice-President of the 
Management Board 
managing the 
operations of the MB1), 
5 July 2024;  
the Member of 
the MB, Head 
of Retail 
Banking from 
1 April 2012 
to 25 July 
2024  
31 December 2028, the 
mandate will expire at the 
latest on the date of the 
AGM in 2029 approving 
the financial statements of 
the Bank for 2028 
Krzysztof Bratos 
42 
Vice-President of the 
Management Board 
and Head of Retail 
Banking 
26 July   
2024 
31 December 2028, the 
mandate will expire at the 
latest on the date of the 
AGM in 2029 approving 
the financial statements of 
the Bank for 2028 
Krzysztof Dąbrowski 
49 
Vice-President of the 
Management Board 
and Head of Operations 
and Information 
Technology 
1 April  
2017 
31 December 2028, the 
mandate will expire at the 
latest on the date of the 
AGM in 2029 approving 
the financial statements of 
the Bank for 2028

--- Page 228 ---
98042995.13 
228 
 
Full name 
Age 
Position on the 
Management Board 
Date of 
coming into 
office 
Date of end of the term of 
office 
Marek Lusztyn 
47 
Vice-President of the 
Management Board 
and Chief Risk Officer 
22 October 
2020 
31 December 2028, the 
mandate will expire at the 
latest on the date of the 
AGM in 2029 approving 
the financial statements of 
the Bank for 2028 
Julia Nusser 
47 
Vice-President of the 
Management Board, 
Head of Compliance, 
Legal Issues and HR 
1 May 2023 
31 December 2028, the 
mandate will expire at the 
latest on the date of the 
AGM in 2029 approving 
the financial statements of 
the Bank for 2028 
Pascal Ruhland 
36 
Vice-President of the 
Management Board 
and Chief Financial 
Officer 
1 May 2023  31 December 2028, the 
mandate will expire at the 
latest on the date of the 
AGM in 2029 approving 
the financial statements of 
the Bank for 2028 
Adam Pers 
48 
Vice-President of the 
Management Board 
and Head of Corporate 
and Investment 
Banking 
26 October 
2017 
31 December 2028, the 
mandate will expire at the 
latest on the date of the 
AGM in 2029 approving 
the financial statements of 
the Bank for 2028 
1)Cezary Kocik will take up the position of the President of the Management Board after obtaining the consent of 
the KNF.  
Source: The Bank 
 
Qualifications and Professional Experience 
Cezary Kocik 
Since 2004, together with the Retail Banking team, Cezary Kocik has been developing a comprehensive 
offer for individuals, entrepreneurs and small businesses in three markets: Poland, Czechia and Slovakia. 
He additionally supervises the Private Banking client segment, Wealth Management, the Brokerage Bureau 
and mTFI. Before joining mBank, Cezary Kocik gained experience in the field of investment banking, 
restructuring and debt collection in the now-defunct Powszechny Bank Gospodarczy (PBG). He also served 
as the director of the Łódź branch of Bank Pekao S.A. 
He graduated from the University of Łódź with a degree in Banking and Finance. In 2015, he completed 
the Advanced Management Programme (AMP 189) at Harvard Business School and Strategic Management 
in Banking in INSEAD in 2018. He holds a securities broker licence. 
Between 1 April 2012 and 25 July 2024, was a Member of the Management Board, Head of Retail Banking. 
On 5 June 2024, Cezary Kocik was conditionally appointed to the position of the President of the 
Management Board, subject to obtaining the consent of the KNF. 
Krzysztof Dąbrowski 
Krzysztof Dąbrowski graduated from the Warsaw University of Technology, Faculty of Electronics and 
Information Technology. In 2011, he completed the Executive MBA programme at the University of 
Warsaw and the University of Illinois.

--- Page 229 ---
98042995.13 
229 
 
He obtained extensive knowledge regarding IT in several industries. In 1995–2003, he worked in the 
internet and telecommunications industry for Polska Online and TDC Internet, where he was responsible 
for the development of hosting systems and services. In 2004–2011, as the head of the Software 
Development Department, he co-created the Polish shared services centre of F. Hoffman-La Roche, which 
is among the largest pharmaceutical companies worldwide. In the following years, as CTO of Allegro 
Group, an e-commerce leader in Poland, he supervised one of the biggest Agile transformations in the 
region. 
Since 2014 he has been a Managing Director and CIO / CTO at mBank. He was appointed Vice-President 
of the Management Board, Head of Operations and IT as of 1 April 2017. 
Krzysztof Bratos  
Krzysztof Bratos obtained a Master's Degree in Economics from Poznan University of Economics with a 
major in computer science and econometrics. In addition, he has completed specialised programmes for 
management on Harvard Business School - General Management Program and High Potential Leadership 
Program. 
Krzysztof Bratos has 18 years of banking experience, including 14 years in managerial positions in the 
banking sector. He worked for global financial institutions based in London and New York (JP Morgan, 
Royal Bank of Scotland, Kleinwort Benson), where he implemented new solutions in management and 
business transformation programmes and led technology projects in investment banking. Since 2015 he has 
been working in the Group, and over the last 3 years in the position of the Managing Director of Private 
Banking and Brokerage Services, where he has been responsible for the organisation and operations of 
private banking, brokerage activities and investment products offering for private banking clients. 
He was appointed Vice-President of the Management Board, Head of Retail Banking as of 26 July 2024.  
Marek Lusztyn 
Marek Lusztyn has over 25 years of experience in the banking sector. He holds a PhD in Economics from 
the Warsaw School of Economics (SGH). He completed the Executive MBA programme at the University 
of Illinois and the University of Warsaw. He also graduated from INSEAD and holds a bachelor degree in 
Computer Science Engineering. He also completed numerous courses in the field of banking and 
management, among others at the Singularity University and the Stanford Graduate School of Business. 
Marek Lusztyn started his professional career at the Bank Handlowy w Warszawie S.A., where from 1996 
to 2000 he worked in the Treasury and Foreign Exchange Departments. For the next 20 years he worked at 
the Bank Pekao S.A., which from 1999 until 2017 belonged to Unicredit Group. During 2000-2008 he was 
the head of market risk trading book and then Financial Risk Department Director. For the following almost 
10 years he held senior executive positions within the international structures of UniCredit SpA, where he 
was responsible for the global risk management functions. From July 2017 until June 2020 he assumed 
roles in the Management Board of the Bank Pekao S.A., where he held positions of Chief Risk Officer and 
Chief Executive Officer.  
From September 2019 to the end of 2020, he was a member of the Board of the Warsaw School of 
Economics (SGH). He was appointed by the SGH Senate after being recommended by the SGH Corporate 
Partners Club – a group of leading Polish and international companies closely cooperating with SGH. He 
is an author of numerous academic publications on banking and risk management and a long-standing 
lecturer in the subject. 
 On 22 October 2020, Mr Lusztyn was appointed Vice President of the Management Board, and on 3 March 
2021 he was approved by the KNF as the Chief Risk Officer. 
Julia Nusser  
Julia Nusser has more than 25 years of professional experience in the banking sector. She has been 
managing large and diverse teams for over 20 years. She joined mBank from Commerzbank, where she had 
been a Managing Director responsible for KYC (Know Your Customer) processes and systems. This 
included creating, developing, implementing, and operating systems and processes for KYC first line of 
defense for Commerzbank worldwide as well as for all client groups. Until 2020, she had been Managing 
Director and Global Head of Trade Finance Operations at Commerzbank. In the past she held various

--- Page 230 ---
98042995.13 
230 
 
internal audit functions at Dresdner Bank (later acquired by Commerzbank). Julia Nusser is also a Member 
of the Supervisory Board of CERI International in Poland. 
Julia Nusser received a master's degree in Banking at Frankfurt School of Finance & Management 
(Hochschule für Bankwirtschaft) in 2002, preceded by a Bank Apprenticeship Programme and 
Certification. 
Julia Nusser has been Vice-President of the Management Board of mBank S.A., Chief People and 
Regulatory Officer since 1 May 2023. 
Adam Pers 
Adam Pers graduated from the Poznań University of Economics. In 2008, he completed an MBA 
programme organised by the Warsaw School of Economics. He gathered comprehensive banking 
knowledge and experience working in three institutions.  
He started his career at Wielkopolski Bank Kredytowy S.A., and then worked in Raiffeisen Bank Polska 
S.A. Group for many years, at first in the back office, then in corporate banking and finally in the financial 
markets area. He was responsible for strategic projects concerning the reshaping of the dealing room and 
for one of the pillars of the bank's strategy. As a member of the Operating Committee, during the financial 
crisis, he was responsible for the bank's liquidity. In RBI Group, he was awarded the TOP Performer and 
Leader of the Year title. In 2012, Mr Pers joined BRE Bank/mBank, where his first task was to restructure 
the financial markets sales area. Then, as a Managing Director he also supervised the integration of the area 
of cooperation with financial institutions and finally, integration with Trading. 
Adam Pers has been Vice-President of the Management Board of mBank S.A., Head of Corporate and 
Investment Banking since 26 October 2017. 
Pascal Ruhland  
Pascal Ruhland has more than 15 years of professional experience in the banking sector. As Managing 
Director he was the Divisional CFO for the Corporate Clients Segment, and prior to that he held the position 
as the Head of Divisional Controlling for Corporate Clients at Commerzbank. In the past he worked in 
Germany, Poland, Hong Kong as well as in the UK and gained experience especially in Finance, Corporate 
and Retail Banking. 
Pascal Ruhland completed his master's programme in Accounting and Finance at the University of Applied 
Sciences in Frankfurt am Main. Furthermore, he completed the Strategic Financial Leadership Programme 
for CFOs at Stanford University, the Executive Programme for Prospective CFOs at Chicago Booth and 
the Leading Digital Transformation Programme at the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore. 
Pascal Ruhland has been Vice-President of the Management Board of mBank S.A., Chief Financial Officer 
since 1 May 2023. 
Business Address 
The business address of all members of the Management Board is: ul. Prosta 18, 00-850 Warsaw, Poland. 
Positions held by members of the Management Board in other companies 
The table below presents information on other companies and partnerships in which, during the last five 
years, the current members of the Management Board: (i) held positions in management or supervisory 
bodies; (ii) held shares (in the case of companies listed on the WSE or on any other regulated market in 
Poland or abroad, in a number representing more than 1 per cent. of the votes at the general meeting of such 
company); or (iii) were partners. 
Name 
Name of the company 
Position 
Does the Management 
Board member continue 
to serve in this capacity? 
Cezary Kocik 
mFinanse S.A.* 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
No

--- Page 231 ---
98042995.13 
231 
 
Name 
Name of the company 
Position 
Does the Management 
Board member continue 
to serve in this capacity? 
 
 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
mBox Sp. z o.o.* 
Deputy Chairman of 
the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
 
Krajowa Izba 
Rozliczeniowa S.A. 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
mBank Hipoteczny 
S.A.* 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
mLeasing S.A.* 
Deputy Chairman of 
the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
 
mTowarzystwo 
Funduszy 
Inwestycyjnych S.A.* 
Deputy Chairman of 
the Supervisory 
Board  
No 
Krzysztof Bratos 
BRE Property Partner 
Sp. z o.o.* 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
BRE Property Partner 
Sp. z o.o.* 
Chairman of the 
Supervisor 
No 
 
mTowarzystwo 
Funduszy 
Inwestycyjnych S.A.* 
Deputy Chairman of 
the Supervisory 
Board  
Yes 
Krzysztof Dąbrowski 
mBox Sp z o.o. 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
Tutore Poland Sp. z o.o.  
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
mCentrum Operacji 
Sp. z o.o.** 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
Krajowa Izba 
Rozliczeniowa S.A 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
Marek Lusztyn  
mBank Hipoteczny 
S.A.* 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board  
Yes 
 
mLeasing S.A.* 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
mTowarzystwo 
Funduszy 
Inwestycyjnych S.A.* 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes

--- Page 232 ---
98042995.13 
232 
 
Name 
Name of the company 
Position 
Does the Management 
Board member continue 
to serve in this capacity? 
 
System Ochrony 
Banków Komercyjnych 
S.A. 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
Pekao Bank Hipoteczny 
S.A. 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
Pekao Investment 
Banking S.A. 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
Pekao Leasing Sp. z o.o. 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
Pascal Ruhland 
mBank Hipoteczny S.A.* 
Deputy Chairman of 
the Supervisory 
Board 
Yes 
Adam Pers 
mLeasing Sp. z o.o.* 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
mFaktoring S.A.* 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
 
mInvestment Banking 
S.A.* 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
No 
Julia Nusser 
CERI International Sp. z 
o.o. 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
Yes 
 
 
 
 
 
* Indicates mBank subsidiaries, ** indicates former mBank subsidiaries 
Source: The Bank. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board exercises regular supervisions over the Bank's operations. 
Organisation and Competencies of the Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board is comprised of not less than five members elected by the General Shareholders' 
Meeting, for a joint term of office of three years. The term of office is calculated in financial years (the first 
financial year of the term of office is each time the financial year in which the performance of the function 
began, even if it would not commence at the beginning of this financial year). The mandate of a member 
of the Supervisory Board shall expire no later than on the date of the General Meeting approving the 
financial statements for the last full financial year of performing the function of a member of the 
Supervisory Board. The term of a member of the Supervisory Board also expires in the case of death, 
resignation, or dismissal of the member. The term of a member of the Supervisory Board, appointed before 
the end of the term of office, expires at the same time as the expiry of the term of other members of the 
Supervisory Board. 
At least half of the members of the Supervisory Board, including the Chairman, have Polish citizenship, 
permanently reside in Poland, speak Polish and have experience on the Polish market which can be used in 
supervision of the Bank. The Supervisory Board elects the Chairman and Deputy Chairmen from among 
its members. The number of members of the Supervisory Board is determined by the General Shareholders' 
Meeting.

--- Page 233 ---
98042995.13 
233 
 
At least two of the Supervisory Board Members shall be independent within the meaning of the Act of 11 
May 2017 on certified auditors, audit firms and public supervision. 
A member of the Supervisory Board, whose term expired during the joint term of office of the Supervisory 
Board, can be replaced by another person elected by the Supervisory Board. The election of members of 
the Supervisory Board within the joint term of office of the Supervisory Board requires the approval of the 
next General Shareholders' Meeting. If the General Shareholders' Meeting refuses to approve any member 
of the Supervisory Board elected within the joint term of office, the General Shareholders' Meeting shall 
elect another member of the Supervisory Board in lieu of the person whose election was refused.  
If the number of members of the Supervisory Board is less than five, due to the expiration of the terms of 
members of the Supervisory Board within the joint term of office, the Supervisory Board shall elect new 
members to replace the members whose terms have expired. 
In addition to the rights and obligations prescribed by statutory law and the Articles of Association, the 
responsibilities of the Supervisory Board specifically include the following matters: (a) exercising 
supervision over introduction and assurance of functioning of adequate and effective system of risk 
management and system of internal control; (b) approving the proposals of the Management Board 
concerning the Bank's essential organisational structure; (c) approving the Bank's annual financial plans 
and multi-annual development plans; (d) examining all motions and matters subject to resolutions of the 
General Shareholders' Meeting; (e) issuing or approving rules provided for in the Articles of Association; 
(f) defining management contracts and setting remuneration for members of the Management Board; (g) 
receiving information on formation, acquisition, closing and disposal of branches, permanent 
establishments and parts of a business as well as of initiating and terminating lines of business and fields 
of activity in advance; (h) approving conclusion or amendment of each significant agreement or 
arrangement with the members of the Management Board or the Supervisory Board; (i) approving 
conclusion, amendment or termination of any significant affiliation agreements and/or co-operation treaties; 
(j) receiving information on expected deviations from the annual budget; (k) issuing general guidelines for 
the Management Board regarding the level and structure of remuneration for senior management of the 
Bank; (l) approving the policy on variable items of remuneration of the persons holding managerial 
positions at the Bank; (m) issuing opinions regarding transactions with related entities (if the total expected 
amount of a single transaction exceeds 20 per cent. of the Bank's own funds, calculated as of 31 December 
of the preceding year. Opinions of the Supervisory Board are not required with regards to derivative 
transactions where risk is limited through collateral posting, however, the Supervisory Board will be 
informed of such transactions; (n) approving changes at the position of a person managing the Internal 
Audit Department and the Compliance Department; (o) approving of entering by the Bank into material 
transaction with an associated entity, to the extent as required by commonly binding provisions of law, 
applicable to public companies; (p) preparing of annual report on remuneration of members of the 
Management Board and the Supervisory Board, to the extent as required by commonly binding provisions 
of law, applicable to public companies and (r) authorising the Board of Management to acquire, encumber, 
and sell real estate, a perpetual usufruct or part of real estate and stock and participatory shares in companies 
as well as other fixed assets, if the value of the said transactions exceeds 1 per cent. of the Bank's own funds 
as of 31 December of the preceding year. Such authorisation is not required if such acquisition results from 
execution, bankruptcy, or negotiation procedures, or other settlements with the Bank's debtors, or in the 
case of sale of assets so acquired. In the case of such acquisitions, resulting from execution, bankruptcy, or 
negotiation procedures, or other settlements with the Bank's debtors, or in the case of sale of assets so 
acquired, the Management Board is obliged to inform the Supervisory Board of any such activity. 
The Supervisory Board can pass resolutions provided that at least half of its members are present at the 
meeting while all the members have been invited. In specific cases, members of the Supervisory Board may 
pass resolutions by casting their votes in writing, through another member of the Supervisory Board. No 
votes can be cast in writing on issues added to the agenda in the course of the meeting of the Supervisory 
Board. The Supervisory Board may pass resolutions in writing or using direct remote communication. A 
resolution is valid when all the members of the Supervisory Board have been notified of the content of the 
draft resolution. Resolutions of the Supervisory Board require an ordinary majority of votes, however, in 
the event of an even number of votes cast for and against, the vote of the Chairperson of the Supervisory 
Board prevails. Without the consent of the majority of independent members of the Supervisory Board 
resolutions on the following issues should not be passed: 
(a) any benefits provided by the Bank or any entities associated with the Bank to the members of the 
Management Board; and

--- Page 234 ---
98042995.13 
234 
 
(b) granting consent to the Bank's concluding of a material contract with an entity related to the Bank, 
member of the Supervisory Board or Management Board and with their related entities. 
Standing Committees of the Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board may delegate to its members to independently perform specific supervisory 
activities, as well as establish ad hoc or permanent committees of the Supervisory Board, consisting of 
members of the Supervisory Board, to perform specific supervisory activities. The Supervisory Board is 
supported by the following committees: the Audit Committee, the Risk Committee, the Remuneration and 
Nomination Committee and the IT Committee. 
Members of the Supervisory Board 
The table below sets out information on the members of the Supervisory Board who held their positions as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Age 
Position 
Date on which 
the current term 
began 
Expiration of the 
term of office 
Agnieszka Słomka-
Gołębiowska  
48 
Chairwoman of the 
Supervisory Board 
(independent 
member) 
27 March 2024 
31 December 2026, the 
mandate will expire at 
the latest on the date of 
the AGM in 2027 
Bettina Orlopp  
54 
Deputy Chairwoman 
of the Supervisory 
Board 
27 March 2024 
31 December 2026, the 
mandate will expire at 
the latest on the date of 
the AGM in 2027 
Hans-Georg Beyer 
41 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board  
27 March 2024 
31 December 2026, the 
mandate will expire at 
the latest on the date of 
the AGM in 2027 
Tomasz Bieske 
68 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
(independent 
member) 
27 March 2024 
31 December 2026, the 
mandate will expire at 
the latest on the date of 
the AGM in 2027 
Mirosław Godlewski 
57 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
(independent 
member) 
27 March 2024 
31 December 2026, the 
mandate will expire at 
the latest on the date of 
the AGM in 2027 
Aleksandra Gren 
52 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
(independent 
member) 
27 March 2024 
31 December 2026, the 
mandate will expire at 
the latest on the date of 
the AGM in 2027 
Thomas Schaufler 
 
 
54 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board  
27 March 2024 
31 December 2026, the 
mandate will expire at 
the latest on the date of 
the AGM in 2027 
Bernhard Spalt  
56 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board  
27 March 2024 
31 December 2026, the 
mandate will expire at 
the latest on the date of 
the AGM in 2027 
Source: The Bank.

--- Page 235 ---
98042995.13 
235 
 
 
Qualifications and professional experience 
Agnieszka Słomka-Gołębiowska 
Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board of the Bank (independent member) 
A purpose-driven Non-Executive Director and Board Advisor helping companies in navigating 
sustainability journey to net zero economy. 
Ms. Słomka-Gołębiowska has nearly 20 years of extensive experience on boards of large publicly listed 
and private companies, as well as international organizations such as UN WFP and UNAIDS. Currently, 
she is a Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board of mBank, where she also serves as Chair of the 
Renumeration and Nomination Committee, and a member of Risk and Audit Committee. She has been 
appointed also as Board Member and Chair of Audit Committee in Grupa Pracuj, a European leading HR 
technology platform as well as Ghelamco Invest, a finance arm of a top-tier commercial real estate company. 
Her past board experiences include companies from SaaS businesses, aerospace and defense (A&D) 
industries as well as infrastructure and construction. She holds seat at the EU Platform on Sustainable 
Finance, assisting the European Commission on Sustainable Finance Framework, as well as Advisory 
Board of Sustainable Investment Forum Poland (POLSIF). 
Agnieszka Słomka-Gołębiowska is a Professor at the Warsaw School of Economics with research focusing 
on governance and sustainability. She holds PhD in Economics and MSc. in Finance and Banking from the 
Warsaw School of Economics (with distinction), completing a Master Programme in International Business 
at the Copenhagen Business School. She received prestigious awards including the Alexander von 
Humboldt Fellowship at Muenster University and the Polish-American Fulbright Fellowship at the 
University of California, Berkeley (Haas), where she cooperated with prof. Oliver Williamson - Nobel Prize 
winner in economics. She is an author of numerous articles in JCR journals, books as well as a speaker at 
business and academic conferences. In 2019, she received the Corporate Governance Personality Award. 
She is a mentor at the Hertie School of Governance, Berlin and global ambassador of the Bank of America 
and Vital Voices Partnership Programme on women entrepreneurship and empowerment. 
Business address: 
mBank S.A. 
ul. Prosta 18 
00-850 Warsaw 
Poland 
Bettina Orlopp 
Deputy Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board of the Bank 
Bettina Orlopp holds a degree in business administration awarded by the University of Regensburg, where 
she also received a PhD degree. 
She began her professional career as a Management Consultant at McKinsey & Company in 1995, where 
she was elected Partner in 2002. In 2014, she started her career at Commerzbank as Divisional Board 
Member of group development and strategy. Bettina Orlopp has been a member of the Board of Managing 
Directors since 2017. She has been CFO since March 2020 and Deputy CEO since July 2021 at 
Commerzbank. She leads the following departments: Finance, Tax, Investor Relations, and Treasury. 
She is a member of the following committees of Commerzbank: Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO), 
Group Sustainability Board, Executive Pension Committee and Group Market Risk Committee. 
Business address: 
Commerzbank AG 
Kaiserstraße 16 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 236 ---
98042995.13 
236 
 
Hans-Georg Beyer  
Member of the Supervisory Board of the Bank 
Hans-Georg Beyer studied at Witten/Herdecke University (Business Economics & General Management) 
and at SKEMA Business School ((International Finance). In 2020, he received a PhD at the University of 
St. Gallen (HSG) based on a doctoral thesis on risk governance at board level of European banks. 
Dr. Hans-Georg Beyer has many years of experience in Commerzbank Group, among others in positions 
related to managing the compliance area and the internal audit area. He holds the function of the Chief 
Compliance Officer and Divisional Board Member Group Compliance at Commerzbank. He is responsible 
for all compliance units of Commerzbank Group, including the compliance units in its foreign branches 
and subsidiaries. 
Business Address: 
Commerzbank AG 
Kaiserstraße 16 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Tomasz Bieske 
Member of the Supervisory Board of the Bank (independent member) 
Tomasz Bieske holds a master's degree in Economics from the University of Cologne, Germany. For six 
years after graduation he worked in the head office of Dresdner Bank AG in Frankfurt, where his main 
responsibilities included lending to international corporate clients and trading in sovereign debt on the 
secondary market. From 1988, he worked for Arthur Andersen in Frankfurt as Manager in charge of 
business consulting for financial institutions. Two years later he moved back to Warsaw to co-found Arthur 
Andersen in Poland, where he served as Partner and Head of Financial Markets Group. He was responsible 
for working with clients from the financial sector, which included auditing the financial statements of 
leading banks in Poland, sale of banks' non-performing loan portfolios and valuation of private banks' 
shares. He participated in a number of due diligence processes commissioned by foreign investors and in 
consulting projects in the financial markets sector. 
Following the merger of Arthur Andersen and Ernst & Young in 2002, Tomasz Bieske continued as Partner 
and Head of Financial Markets Group. He led the majority of key projects in the financial services sector, 
including the preparation of public offerings of PKO BP S.A. and Kredyt Bank S.A. and auditing of the 
financial statements of the National Bank of Poland, PKO BP S.A., Pekao S.A., Getin Holding and a 
number of other banks, and the Social Insurance Institution (ZUS). He also led a number of advisory 
projects in the banking sector (including the development of the concept of the GPW privatisation, 
preparation of the operational change plan for the Ministry of Finance and the merger of four state-owned 
banks into Pekao S.A. prior to its privatisation). In 2011, he participated in the work of the committee for 
regulatory and business changes in the cooperative banking sector. 
Tomasz Bieske works closely with the Polish Bank Association and the National Association of 
Cooperative Banks. He holds a licence of a Polish statutory auditor. Since June 2013, he has been a member 
of the supervisory boards of several GPW-listed companies (including Masterlease S.A., Kruk S.A. and 
mBank S.A.). He completed the three-month Oxford Fintech Programme in 2019 and the three-month 
Venture Capital Programme at the University of Oxford in 2020. Since 2019, he has been a member of the 
Association of Independent Non-Executive Directors. In the academic year 2023/2024, he serves as a coach 
for students taking the post-graduate course “Professional Supervisory Board” at Kozminski University in 
Warsaw. 
Business address: 
mBank S.A. 
ul. Prosta 18 
00-850 Warsaw 
Poland

--- Page 237 ---
98042995.13 
237 
 
Mirosław Godlewski 
Mirosław Godlewski holds a Master of Science degree awarded by the Faculty of Industry Management of 
the Warsaw University of Technology. He also holds an MBA degree from Ashridge Management College 
and AMP Harvard Business School. 
Currently Mr. Godlewski is Senior Advisor with BCG, Board Member at Eubioco Sp z o. o., Supervisory 
Board Member of ONDE S.A. and a Partner in the Hadgehog Fund. 
Mirosław Godlewski was a Member of the Supervisory Board of Netia S.A., Celon Pharma S.A., 
Absolvent.pl, ABC Data S.A., and a Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. Between 
2007 and 2014, he was the President and CEO of Netia S.A. He also held executive positions at Opoczno 
S.A., DEC Sp. z o.o., Pepsi-Cola Polska, and MEMRB Polska. 
Business address: 
mBank S.A. 
ul. Prosta 18 
00-850 Warsaw 
Poland 
Aleksandra Gren 
Aleksandra Gren graduated from Harvard Business School (Negotiations), London School of Economics 
(European Policy and Politics), and University of British Columbia (International Relations). Ms Gren is a 
FinServ technology executive with 25+ years of professional experience in banking technology and banking. 
She started her career at the Royal Bank of Canada in Vancouver. After a year-long break for master's 
studies at the London School of Economics, she started working for ING Bank in Italy, where she 
participated in the preparations for launching ING Bank Direct. She continued her career with American 
fintech companies operating in EMEA, as an analyst, advisor and for many years as a manager and board 
member. 
She has a proven track record of successful partnerships and transformational initiatives in the banking 
sector. Recognized by London-based Banking Technology Awards and PayTech Leadership Awards in 
Top 10 women in tech in 2016 and 2018. 
She was named Global Ambassador and Mentor by Bank of America GAP Global Leadership Development 
and Mentoring Programme for Entrepreneurs in the US in March 2019. 
Business address: 
mBank S.A. 
ul. Prosta 18 
00-850 Warsaw 
Poland 
Thomas Schaufler 
Member of the Supervisory Board of the Bank 
Thomas Schaufler graduated in 2002 from the University of Applied Sciences (FHW-Fachhochschule) in 
Vienna with a master's degree in management and entrepreneurship. Thomas Schaufler finished 
professional courses and has professional certificates (e.g. Certificated European Financial Analyst CEFA). 
Thomas Schaufler has more than twenty years of professional experience in the banking sector, including 
fourteen years in managerial positions in the banking sector. Currently he is the Member of the Board of 
Managing Directors of Commerzbank responsible for business segment of private and small-business 
customers. Previously, he sat on the Board of Managing Directors of Erste Group Bank AG, acting as Head 
of the Group Retail Board. Thomas Schaufler has managerial experience in retail banking sales, Treasury 
sales, product management in European countries and asset management. 
Business Address:

--- Page 238 ---
98042995.13 
238 
 
Commerzbank AG 
Kaiserstraße 16 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Bernhard Spalt  
Member of the Supervisory Board of the Bank 
Bernhard Spalt graduated from the University of Vienna with a master's degree in law with a specialization 
in European law. Bernhard Spalt has more than thirty years of professional experience in the financial sector, 
and he has held management and board positions since 1999. 
Bernd Spalt is Chief Risk Officer at Commerzbank. He has many years of experience in all areas of risk 
management, working for international financial institutions, including in Austria, Romania, Slovakia, 
Hungary and the Czech Republic. In recent years, he served as Chairman of the Management Board at Erste 
Group Bank AG, having previously served as a Member of the Management Board responsible for risk 
management at Erste Bank der Oesterreichischen Sparkassen AG, Banca Comerciala Romana SA, 
Slovenska Sporitelna SA and Erste Bank Hungary ZRT. 
Business Address: 
Commerzbank AG 
Kaiserstraße 16 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Positions held by members of the Supervisory Board in other companies 
In the table below, information on other companies in which members of the Supervisory Board held 
management board or supervisory board positions during the last five years is shown. 
Name 
Name of company 
Position 
Does the Supervisory 
Board member 
continue to serve in 
that capacity? 
Agnieszka Słomka-
Gołębiowska 
Budimex S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
 
Ghelamco Invest 
Sp. z o.o. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board, Chairwoman of 
Audit Committee 
Yes 
 
 
Grupa Pracuj S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board, Chairwoman of 
Audit Committee 
Yes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bettina Orlopp 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
 
KfW (Kreditanstalt 
für Wiederaufbau)  
Member of the Board of 
Managing Directors 
 
Member of the Board of 
Supervisory Directors 
Yes 
 
 
 
Yes 
 
Commerz Real AG, 
Wiesbaden 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
Hans-Georg Beyer 
Commerz Global 
Services Solutions  
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Yes

--- Page 239 ---
98042995.13 
239 
 
Name 
Name of company 
Position 
Does the Supervisory 
Board member 
continue to serve in 
that capacity? 
 
 
Commerzbank AG 
Chief Compliance Officer, 
Anti Money Laundering 
Officer, Divisional Board 
Member Compliance 
Yes 
Tomasz Bieske 
KRUK S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No  
 
PCM S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
 
Altus TFI S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
Mirosław Godlewski  
Eubioco S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
 
Absolvent.pl Sp. z 
o.o. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
 
ONDE S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Yes 
 
 
Nikalab Sp. z o.o. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
General Director of the 
Management Board 
No 
 
 
No 
 
Netia S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
 
Celon Pharma S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
No 
 
 
eubioco1 Sp. z o.o. 
 
Member 
of 
the 
Management Board 
 
Yes 
Aleksandra Gren 
Fiserv Polska Sp. z 
o.o 
Member of the 
Management Board 
No 
 
Fundacja Głosy 
Kobiet  
Member of the Foundation 
Council  
Yes 
 
Fundacja Leopoldy 
Wild  
 
Sarantis Greece 
S.A. 
Member of the 
Management Board 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board  
Yes 
 
Yes 
Thomas Schaufler 
Commerzbank AG 
 
SCHUFA Holding 
AG  
Member of the Board of 
Managing Directors 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Yes 
 
Yes 
Bernhard Spalt 
Commerz Real AG  
Member of the Supervisory 
Board    
Yes 
 
 
 
 
 
CommerzReal 
Investementgesellsc
haft mbH 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board    
Yes

--- Page 240 ---
98042995.13 
240 
 
Name 
Name of company 
Position 
Does the Supervisory 
Board member 
continue to serve in 
that capacity? 
 
Commerzbank AG 
Member of the 
Management Board             
Yes 
Source: The Bank 
Other information on members of the Management and Supervisory Boards 
No Management Board or Supervisory Board member has any actual or potential conflict of interest 
between his/her duties to the Bank and his/her private interests and other duties.

--- Page 241 ---
98042995.13 
241 
 
TAXATION 
GENERAL 
Potential investors and sellers of Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp taxes or 
other documentary taxes or fiscal duties or charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country 
where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In addition, payments of interest on the Notes, or 
income derived from the Notes, may be subject to taxation, including withholding taxes, in the jurisdiction 
of the Issuer, in the jurisdiction of the holder of Notes, or in other jurisdictions in which the holder of Notes 
is required to pay taxes. Any such tax consequences may have an impact on the net income received from 
the Notes. 
Prospective investors should carefully consider the tax consequences of investing in the Notes and 
consult their own tax adviser about their own tax situation. Finally, potential investors should be 
aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from 
time to time, with or without retroactive effect. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise 
tax treatment which will apply at any given time. 
POLAND 
1. 
General Information 
The following is a discussion on certain Polish tax considerations relevant to an investor who is a 
resident of Poland, or otherwise subject to Polish taxation. This statement should not be understood 
as tax advice. It is based on Polish tax laws and their interpretation in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change. Such changes may also be retroactive and may 
adversely affect the tax treatment described below. This description does not purport to be 
complete with respect to the tax information that may be relevant for investors due to their 
individual circumstances. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their 
professional tax adviser regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposal, sale, 
redemption or transfer without consideration of the Notes. The information provided below does 
not cover the tax consequences concerning income tax exemptions applicable to specific taxable 
items or specific taxpayers (e.g., domestic or foreign investment funds). References to "interest" 
and to any other terms in the paragraphs below mean "interest" or any other term, respectively, as 
understood in Polish tax law. 
For the purpose of this Taxation section: 
"Affiliated Entities" means: 
(a) 
entities of which one entity Exercises a Significant Influence on at least one other entity; 
or 
(b) 
entities on which a Significant Influence is Exercised by: 
(i) 
the same other entity; or 
(ii) 
the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or affinity up to the second degree of a 
natural person exercising a significant influence on at least one entity; or 
(c) 
a partnership without legal personality and its partners (partner); or 
(d) 
limited partnerships and limited joint-stock partnership with their registered office or 
management in the territory of the Republic of Poland and its general partner; or 
(e) 
specific general partnerships with their registered office or management in the territory of 
the Republic of Poland and its partner; or 
(f) 
a taxable person and their foreign establishment, and in the case of a tax capital group - a 
company being its part and its foreign establishment. 
(each of being a manifestation of an existence of an Affiliation)

--- Page 242 ---
98042995.13 
242 
 
"Exercising a Significant Influence" means: 
(a) 
holding directly or indirectly at least 25 per cent. of: 
(i) 
shares in the capital; or 
(ii) 
voting rights in the supervisory, decision-making or managing bodies; or 
(iii) 
shares in or rights to participate in the profits, losses or the property or their 
expectative, including participation units and investment certificates; or 
(b) 
the actual ability of a natural person to influence key economic decisions taken by a legal 
person or an organisational unit without legal personality, or 
(c) 
being the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or by affinity up to the second degree. 
2. 
Notes admitted to public trading under specific conditions 
Corporate Income Tax exemption for non-residents 
Under Art. 17.1.50c of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the "CIT Act"), 
tax exempt income is income earned by a CIT taxpayer subject to limited tax liability in Poland 
(i.e. Polish non-resident) in respect of interest or a discount on securities: 
(i) 
having a maturity of at least one year; 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced into an alternative trading system 
within the meaning of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments, in the 
territory of Poland or in the territory of a state that is a party to a double tax convention 
concluded with Poland which regulates the taxation of income from dividends, interest 
and royalties, 
unless the taxpayer is an Affiliated Entity of the issuer of such securities, and holds, directly or 
indirectly, together with other Affiliated Entities within the meaning of those regulations, more 
than 10 per cent. of the nominal value of those securities. 
Exclusion from obligation to withhold tax 
Under Art. 26.1aa of the CIT Act, remitters are not obliged to withhold tax on interest or discount 
in respect of the securities (such as Notes, if they meet the conditions specified in Art. 17.1.50c of 
the CIT Act, as described above), provided that the issuer submits to the relevant tax authority a 
declaration that it has acted with due diligence in informing Affiliated Entities, about the 
exemption conditions applying to those Affiliated Entities. 
The declaration is made once in relation to a given issue of securities, not later than the date of the 
payment of interest or discount on the securities. Upon request of the payer, the issuer shall be 
obliged to confirm the submission of the declaration referred to above. 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax (Art. 21.1.130c and Art. 41.24-24c of the 
Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July 1991 (the "PIT Act")). 
If the abovementioned criteria are not met and the interest (discount) payments are not eligible for 
the special exemption described in this section, following rules of taxation described below should 
apply. 
3. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident individual 
Under Art. 3.1 of the PIT Act, natural persons, if residing in the Republic of Poland, are liable for 
tax on their total income (revenue) irrespective of the location of the sources of revenue (unlimited 
obligation to pay tax).

--- Page 243 ---
98042995.13 
243 
 
Under Art. 3.1a of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has their 
centre of personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 
days in a year, unless any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise. 
(a) 
Withholding Tax on Interest Income 
According to Article 30a.7 of the PIT Act, interest income, including discount, derived by 
a Polish tax resident individual does not cumulate with general income subject to the 
progressive tax rate but under Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act is subject to 19 per cent. flat rate 
tax. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including 
countries which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to 
the tax paid abroad, but not higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be 
deducted from the Polish tax liability. Particular double tax treaties can provide other 
methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Under Article 41.4 of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting 
within the scope of his/her business activity, should withhold the Polish 19 per cent. tax 
upon any interest payment. 
Under Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for individuals, 
acting as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest income 
(revenue) has been earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said 
accounts, and the interest payment to the individual (the taxpayer) is made through those 
entities; this principle also applies to remitters who are payers of corporate income tax and 
are subject to limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent they conduct their business 
through a foreign establishment in Poland and the securities account is linked to that 
establishment's operations. 
There are no regulations defining in which cases income (revenue) earned by a Polish tax 
resident should be considered income (revenue) earned in Poland. However, we can expect 
those cases to be analogous to those of non-residents. Pursuant to Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act, 
income (revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall include in 
particular income (revenues) from: 
(i) 
work performed in the Republic of Poland based on a service relationship, 
employment relationship, outwork system and co-operative employment 
relationship irrespective of the place where remuneration is paid; 
(ii) 
activity performed in person in the Republic of Poland irrespective of the place 
where remuneration is paid; 
(iii) 
economic activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign 
establishment located in the Republic of Poland; 
(iv) 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, 
including from its disposal in whole or in part, or from disposal of any rights to 
such property; 
(v) 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the 
Republic of Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including 
those obtained from the disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise 
of rights resulting from them; 
(vi) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in 
a partnership without legal personality, participation in an investment fund, a 
collective investment undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar 
character or from receivables being a consequence of holding those shares, rights 
and obligations participation or rights, if at least 50 per cent. of the value of assets 
of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective investment undertaking

--- Page 244 ---
98042995.13 
244 
 
or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable properties 
located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
(vii) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or 
similar rights in a real estate company (as defined in the PIT Act); 
(viii) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, 
by natural persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, 
having their place of residence, registered office, or management board in the 
Republic of Poland, irrespective of the place of concluding and performing the 
agreement; and 
(ix) 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
The above list is not exhaustive; therefore, the tax authorities may also consider that 
income (revenues) not listed above is sourced in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned 
by a Polish tax resident individual from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in 
Poland and whether the entity operating the securities account for the individual will 
withhold the tax. Since the Issuer is a Polish entity, as a rule, interest from the Notes should 
be considered as earned in the territory of Poland. 
According to Article 45.3b and Art. 45.1 of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the 
individual is obliged to settle the tax himself/herself by 30 April of the following year. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Polish omnibus 
accounts (within the meaning of the provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial 
Instruments, hereinafter "Omnibus Accounts"). Under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act, insofar 
as securities registered in Omnibus Accounts are concerned, the entities operating 
Omnibus Accounts through which the amounts due are paid are liable to withhold the flat-
rate income tax on interest income. The tax is charged on the day of placing the amounts 
due at the disposal of the Omnibus Account holder. This rule also applies to remitters who 
are payers of corporate income tax and are subject to limited tax liability in Poland, to the 
extent they conduct their business through a foreign establishment and the securities 
account is linked to that establishment's operations. 
Additionally, under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from 
interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities (including the Notes 
referred to herein) registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed 
to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 
per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter (under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act the 
entity operating the Omnibus Account) from the aggregate income (revenue) released for 
the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. 
Under Art. 45.3c of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest 
(discount) on securities (including the Notes referred to herein) in the annual tax return if 
the Notes were registered in Omnibus Account and the taxpayer's identity was not revealed 
to the tax remitter. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including 
countries which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to 
the tax paid abroad, but not higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be 
deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double tax treaties can provide other methods of 
withholding tax settlements. 
(b) 
Income from Notes other than interest 
Income other than interest, including income from transfer of Notes against a 
consideration, derived by a Polish tax resident individual from financial instruments, such 
as the Notes, held as non-business assets, qualify as capital income according to Article

--- Page 245 ---
98042995.13 
245 
 
17 of the PIT Act. Such income does not cumulate with the general income subject to the 
progressive tax scale but is subject to a 19 per cent. flat rate tax. 
Under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT Act the income from disposal of securities is calculated as 
the difference between the sum of revenues from a transfer of securities against a 
consideration and tax deductible costs, calculated on the basis of the relevant provisions 
of the PIT Act under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT Act. Based on Art. 17.2 and Art. 19.1 of the 
PIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract without a valid reason significantly deviates 
from the market value, the amount of income is determined by the tax authority or fiscal 
control authority in the amount of the market value. 
The taxpayer itself is obliged to settle the tax on the transfer of securities (including the 
Notes) against a consideration. Taxpayers should prepare their annual tax return by the 
end of April of the year following the tax year in which the income was earned. No tax or 
tax advances are withheld by the person making the payments. 
Furthermore, capital gains are subject to 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the 
surplus of various incomes above PLN 1 million in total.  The levy must be calculated and 
settled by the individuals themselves. 
(c) 
Notes held as business assets 
Income from the Notes, such as income from a transfer of Notes against a consideration 
(but not interest income), should be treated as income from business activities and should 
be subject to tax in the same way as other business income. The tax, at 19 per cent. flat 
rate or the 12 per cent. to 32 per cent. progressive tax rate depending on the choice and 
meeting of certain conditions, should be settled by the individuals themselves. 
Furthermore, business income is subject to 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the 
surplus of various incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and 
settled by the individuals themselves. 
4. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the "CIT Act") the 
entire income of taxpayers who have their registered office or management in Poland is subject to 
tax obligation in Poland, irrespective of where the income is earned. 
According to Art. 3.1a of the CIT Act, a taxpayer has a place of management in the territory of 
the Republic of Poland, inter alia, when the current affairs of this taxpayer are conducted in an 
organized and continuous manner on the territory of the Republic of Poland, based in particular 
on: 
(a) 
an agreement, decision, court ruling or other act regulating the establishment or 
functioning of the taxpayer; or 
(b) 
powers of attorney; or 
(c) 
Affiliations. 
Income (revenue) from the Notes, both on account of interest/discount and other income, including 
transfer of securities against a consideration, earned by a Polish tax resident corporate income 
taxpayer whose entire income is subject to tax liability in Poland, is subject to income tax 
following the same general principles as those which apply to any other income received from 
business activity within the same source of income.  As a rule, for Polish income tax purposes, 
interest is recognised as revenue on a cash basis, i.e. when it is received and not when it has 
accrued. Income from a transfer of securities against a consideration is in principle their value 
expressed in the price specified in the contract. According to Art. 14 of the CIT Act, if the price 
expressed in the contract, without a valid reason, significantly deviates from the market value, the 
revenue amount is determined by the tax authority in the amount of the market value. In the case 
of income from the transfer of securities against a consideration, tax deductible costs are generally 
recognized when the corresponding revenue has been achieved. The taxpayer itself (without the

--- Page 246 ---
98042995.13 
246 
 
remitter's participation) settles income tax on interest/discount and on the transfer of securities 
against a consideration, which is settled along with other income from the taxpayer's business 
activity within the same source of income. 
Regarding the proper source of revenue, in principle, the income (revenue) from the securities 
(such as the Notes), including their transfer against a consideration, is combined with revenues 
from capital gains (Art. 7b.1 of the CIT Act). In the case of insurers, banks and some other entities 
(financial institutions), this revenue is included in revenues other than revenues from capital gains 
(Art. 7b (2) of the CIT Act). 
The appropriate tax rate is the same as the tax rate applicable to business activity, i.e. 19 per cent 
or 9 per cent. 
Although, in principle, no Polish withholding tax should apply on interest payable to Polish 
corporate income taxpayers, under specific rules applying to interest income on securities held in 
Omnibus Accounts, under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, for income (revenue) from interest transferred 
to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity 
has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial 
Instruments, a 20 per cent flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income 
(revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. If 
such tax is withheld for a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer, to receive a refund of 
such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
Any withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which have not concluded any 
tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than the tax 
calculated in accordance with the applicable domestic tax rate, can be deducted from the Polish 
tax liability. Double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
5. 
Notes held by a non-Polish tax resident (natural person or corporation) 
Under Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, natural persons, if they do not reside in Poland, are liable to pay 
tax only on income (revenue) earned in Poland (limited obligation to pay tax). 
Under Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, in the case of taxpayers who do not have their registered office or 
management in Poland, only the income they earn in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland. 
Non-Polish residents are subject to Polish income tax only with respect to their income earned in 
Poland. Under Art. 3.3 of the CIT Act, income (revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by 
non-residents shall include in particular income (revenues) from: 
(a) 
all types of activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign 
establishment located in the Republic of Poland; 
(b) 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including 
from its disposal in whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to such property; 
(c) 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic 
of Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from 
the disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
(d) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a 
partnership without legal personality, participation in an investment fund or a collective 
investment undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from 
receivables being a consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations 
participation or rights, if at least 50 per cent. of the value of assets of this company, 
partnership, investment fund, collective investment undertaking or legal entity is 
constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable properties located in the Republic of 
Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
(e) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights 
in a real estate company (as defined in the CIT Act);

--- Page 247 ---
98042995.13 
247 
 
(f) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by 
natural persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having 
their place of residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, 
irrespective of the place of concluding or performing the agreement; and 
(g) 
unrealised gains referred to in the exit tax chapter. 
Similar provisions are included in Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act. 
It should be noted that the list of incomes (revenues) gained in Poland, as provided in Art. 3.3. of 
the CIT Act and Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act is not exhaustive, therefore, other income (revenues) may 
also be considered as earned in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a 
Polish tax resident from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in Poland. However, since 
the Issuer is a Polish entity, income from the Notes is likely be considered as earned in Poland and 
Polish withholding tax should apply. 
General rules for Polish withholding taxation 
If income from securities (such as the Notes) is considered as sourced in Poland, the following 
rules apply: 
In the case of taxpayers subject to limited tax liability in Poland, the interest (discount) on the 
Notes earned in the Polish territory is taxed as a general rule at a flat rate of 20 per cent. in the 
case of corporate income tax payers (Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act) or 19 per cent. in the case of 
natural persons (Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act). Under Art. 26.1 of the CIT Act, interest payers, other 
than individuals not acting within the scope of their business activity, should withhold this tax and 
a similar provisions are provided in Art. 41.4 of the PIT Act. 
Under Art. 26.2c.1 of the CIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts and Omnibus 
Accounts for taxpayers, acting as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest 
income (revenue) was earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said 
accounts, and the interest payment to the taxpayer is made through said entities. Although it is 
considered that foreign entities do not act as Polish tax remitters, according to the discussed 
provision, this obligation applies to non-residents to the extent they operate a permanent 
establishment in Poland and the account, on which securities are registered, is linked to the activity 
of this permanent establishment. Similar provisions concerning interest payments to individuals 
are provided in Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act. 
The described rules of taxation may be modified by the relevant provisions of double tax treaties 
concluded by Poland, based on which a reduced tax rate or income tax exemption may apply to 
income (revenue) obtained from interest/discount (Art. 21.2 of the CIT Act, Art. 30a.2 of the PIT 
Act). To benefit from the tax rate or income tax exemption under the tax treaty, the taxpayer should 
present a valid and up to date certificate of its tax residence. As a rule, the tax residence certificate 
is considered valid for twelve consecutive months from its date of issue. Tax remitters may require 
additional documentation in order to be able to apply double tax treaty benefits described above, 
such as the confirmation of the recipient's beneficial owner status towards the interest payments. 
Moreover, many tax treaties provide protection only for beneficial owners. Pursuant to Art. 4a.29 
of the CIT Act and, respectively, Art. 5a.33d of the PIT Act, beneficial owner means an entity 
meeting all of the following conditions: 
(a) 
it receives the amount due for its own benefit, which includes deciding independently 
about its purpose, and bears the economic risk associated with the loss of that receivable 
or part of it; 
(b) 
it is not an intermediary, representative, trustee, or another entity obliged to transfer the 
receivable in whole or in part to another entity; and 
(c) 
it conducts real business activity in the country of its registration, if the receivables are 
obtained in connection with the conducted business activity whereas when assessing

--- Page 248 ---
98042995.13 
248 
 
whether the entity conducts real business activity, the nature and scale of such activity in 
the scope of received receivables are taken into account. 
Although the definition of the beneficial owner does not refer to Art. 24a.18 of the CIT Act and 
Art. 30f. 20 of the PIT Act as those are the places in the income tax legislation where real business 
activity is defined, therefore, it cannot be ruled out that factors listed there will be taken into 
account by the tax authorities in determining beneficial ownership status. Those factors include: 
(a) 
the business activity carried out by the taxpayer is performed through an existing 
enterprise that actually performs activities constituting an economic activity; in particular, 
it possesses premises, qualified personnel and equipment used for performing business 
activity; 
(b) 
the taxpayer does not create artificial arrangement without a connection with any business 
activity; 
(c) 
the taxpayer's actual premises, its personnel or equipment correspond to the scope of its 
actual business activity; 
(d) 
the agreements concluded by the taxpayer are realistic in economic terms, they have 
economic justification and they are not noticeably contrary to the general business interest 
of the taxpayer; 
(e) 
the taxpayer carries out its business functions independently, using its own resources, 
including managers who are present in the country of taxpayer's tax residency. The 
majority of double tax treaties concluded by Poland provide for an exemption from income 
tax on capital gains, including income from the sale of securities obtained in Poland by a 
tax resident of a given country. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts. Also, in 
cases where Polish withholding tax should not apply on interest payable to non-Polish tax residents 
(natural persons or corporate income taxpayers), under specific rules applicable to interest income 
on securities held in Omnibus Accounts there is a risk that such tax would be withheld. Under Art. 
26.2a of the CIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers 
holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been 
revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 
per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released 
for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. Under Art. 30a.2a of 
the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights 
attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the 
tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-
rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit 
of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. If such tax is withheld for non-Polish 
tax resident taxpayers, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
If a person or an entity subject to limited tax liability in Poland acts through a foreign establishment 
in Poland to which income is related, as a matter of principle provisions of law should apply that 
are analogous to taxpayers subject to unlimited tax liability in Poland, with some necessary 
additional requirements (e.g. the requirement to present the interest payer with a certificate of tax 
residence along with a declaration that the interest is related to the establishment's activities). 
6. 
Pay & Refund regime 
In addition to the rules set out above, the following regime applies. 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act, if the total amount paid out between Affiliated Entities on account 
of the items listed in Art. 21.1 of the CIT Act (including interest / discount on securities) and Art. 
22.1 of the CIT Act to the same taxpayer exceeds Polish Zloty 2,000,000 in the tax year of the 
payer, payers are, as a general rule, required to withhold, on the day of payment, a flat-rate income 
tax at the basic rate (20 per cent. in the case of interest/discount on securities) from the excess over

--- Page 249 ---
98042995.13 
249 
 
that amount, without being able not to withhold that tax on the basis of an appropriate double tax 
treaty, and also without taking into account exemptions or rates resulting from special regulations 
or double tax treaties (hereinafter the "Pay & Refund). 
Under Art. 26.2i and 26.2j of the CIT Act, if the payer's tax year is longer or shorter than 12 
months, the amount to which the Pay & Refund applies is calculated by multiplying 1/12 of Polish 
Zloty 2,000,000 and the number of months that have begun in the tax year in which the payment 
was made; if the calculation of that amount is not possible by reference to the payer's tax year, the 
Pay & Refund shall apply accordingly to the payer's current financial year and, in its absence, with 
respect to the payer's other period with features specific to the financial year, no longer however 
than 23 consecutive months. 
Based on Art. 26.2ca of the CIT Act, the entities making payments through securities accounts or 
Omnibus Accounts are obliged to provide the entities maintaining these accounts, at least 7 days 
before the payment is made, with information about the existence of Affiliations between them 
and the taxpayer and about exceeding the amount of PLN 2,000,000. Entities providing this 
information are required to update it before making the payment in the event of a change in the 
circumstances covered by the information. 
Under Art. 26.2k of the CIT Act, if the payment was made in a foreign currency, to determine 
whether the amount to which the Pay & Refund applies was exceeded, the amounts paid are 
converted into Polish Zloty at the average exchange rate published by the National Bank of Poland 
on the last business day preceding the payment day. 
Under Art. 26.2l of the CIT Act, if it is not possible to determine the amount paid to the same 
taxpayer, it is presumed that it exceeded the amount from which the & Refund applies. 
Furthermore, there are certain exemptions from the Pay & Refund regime that require the tax 
remitter to undertake certain actions. 
In the case of withholding tax being a result of the Pay & Refund, if double tax treaties or special 
regulations provide for a tax exemption or reduced tax rate, the taxpayer or tax remitter (if the tax 
remitter has paid tax with its own funds and has borne the economic burden of such tax, e.g. as a 
result of a gross-up clause) may apply for a refund of that tax by submitting the relevant documents 
and declarations. When recognizing that the refund is justified, the tax authorities shall carry it out 
within six months. 
Pay & Refund might not apply in the case of the special exemption applicable to Notes meeting 
certain conditions referred to above. 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax, including Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act which 
provides for an analogous Pay & Refund mechanism. 
7. 
Withholding taxation of certain payments made to tax havens 
Based on Art. 26.1m of the CIT Act, if a tax remitter makes a payment on account of certain capital 
profits (e.g. revenues from financial instruments, including interest and capital gains) to a 
corporate entity with its registered seat or effective place of management in a tax haven, such tax 
remitter is obliged to withhold tax at 19% rate calculated from the amount being paid out. 
The list of the tax havens is included in the Regulation of the Minister of Finance from 28 march 
2019 on identifying the countries and territories applying harmful tax competition for corporate 
taxation purposes. 
Tax remitter's liability 
8. 
Under Article 30 paragraph 1 of the Act of 29 August 1997 – Tax Ordinance (the "Tax 
Ordinance"), a tax remitter that has not performed its obligation to calculate and withhold tax 
from a taxpayer, or to transfer the appropriate amount of tax to the relevant tax office, is liable for 
tax not withheld, or tax withheld but not transferred to the relevant tax office. The remitter is liable

--- Page 250 ---
98042995.13 
250 
 
for those obligations with all of its assets. Under Article 30 paragraph 5 of the Tax Ordinance, the 
provisions on the tax remitter's liability do not apply if separate provisions provide otherwise, or 
if the tax has not been withheld through the taxpayer's fault (save for particular cases set out in of 
Article 30 paragraph 5a of the Tax Ordinance). 
9. 
Civil Law Activities Tax 
Neither an issue of Notes nor the redemption of Notes is subject to the civil law activities tax (the 
"CLAT"). 
Under Article 1 clause 1 point 1) a) of the Act on the Civil Law Activities Tax of 9 September 
2000 (the "CLAT Act"), agreements for the sale or exchange of assets or proprietary rights are 
subject to civil law activities tax. The Notes should be considered as representing proprietary rights. 
Transactions are taxable if the following are the subject thereof: 
• 
assets located in Poland or proprietary rights exercisable in Poland; 
• 
assets located abroad or proprietary rights exercisable abroad if the acquirer's place of 
residence or registered office is located in Poland and the civil law transaction was 
concluded in Poland. 
Although this is not clearly addressed in the law, in principle the Notes should be considered rights 
exercisable in Poland. 
The CLAT on the sale of the Notes (which, as a rule, are considered rights) is 1 per cent. of their 
fair market value and is payable by the purchaser within 14 days after the sale agreement is 
concluded. If an exchange agreement is concluded, the CLAT is payable jointly and severally by 
both parties to the agreement. However, if any agreement is entered into in notarial form, the CLAT 
due should be withheld and paid by the public notary. 
However, under Article 9 clause 9 of the CLAT Act, a CLAT exemption applies to the sale of 
proprietary rights that are financial instruments (including the Notes): 
(i) 
to investment firms or foreign investment firms; 
(ii) 
through the intermediary of investment firms or foreign investment firms; 
(iii) 
in organised trading; or 
(iv) 
outside organised trading by investment firms or foreign investment firms if the 
proprietary rights were acquired by those firms in organised trading, 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments. 
10. 
European Union Directives on Administrative Co-operation in the Field of Taxation and the 
Taxation of Savings Income 
The European Union adopted Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 
2014/107/EU, on administrative co-operation in the field of taxation and repealing Council 
Directive 2003/48/EC, regarding the taxation of savings income. From 1 July 2005, Member States 
have been required to provide to the tax authorities of other Member States details of payments of 
interest or other similar income paid by a person to an individual resident in another Member State. 
A number of non-EU countries and territories (referred to in that Directive) adopted equivalent 
measures from the same date. 
Notwithstanding the repeal of Council Directive 2003/48/EC (as amended by Directive 
204/48/EU), equivalent measures continue to apply in Poland pursuant to the Act on the Exchange 
of Tax Information with other countries of 9 March 2017.

--- Page 251 ---
98042995.13 
251 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated on or about 13 
September 2024, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time 
agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" 
and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Each Dealer has severally represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
The United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in the preceding sentence have 
the meaning given to them by Regulation S. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them 
by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the "Code") and regulations thereunder. 
The applicable terms of the Notes will identify whether the TEFRA D or TEFRA C apply or whether 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, and as described below, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time, or (ii) otherwise until forty days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Series, within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes 
during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons. 
Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meaning given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Series, any 
offer or sale of Notes of such Series within the United States by a Dealer that is not participating in the 
offering may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each purchaser of Notes sold outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each subsequent 
purchaser of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, by accepting 
delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and 
acknowledged that: 
(i) 
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and (a) it is not 
a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation S), and 
(b) it is not an affiliate of the Bank or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate.

--- Page 252 ---
98042995.13 
252 
 
(ii) 
It understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and that, prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, it will not offer, sell, pledge 
or otherwise transfer such Notes except in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or 
Rule 905 of Regulation S, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the 
United States. 
(iii) 
It understands that such Notes, unless otherwise determined by the Bank in accordance with 
applicable law, will bear a legend in or substantially in the following form: 
"THIS INSTRUMENT HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") AND MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT." 
(iv) 
It understands that the Bank, the relevant Dealer(s) and their affiliates, and others will rely upon 
the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
Furthermore, each Series of Notes will also be subject to such further United States selling 
restrictions as the Bank and the relevant Dealer or Dealers may agree and as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in 
respect of any Notes specified the "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). 
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
("MiFID II");  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of the Exempt Notes) in respect 
of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each 
member state of the EEA ("Member State"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in that 
Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 253 ---
98042995.13 
253 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in 
respect of any Notes specified the "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "EUWA"); 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect of 
any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offeror; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 254 ---
98042995.13 
254 
 
Other Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes 
in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article L.411-2 1° of the French 
Code monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, and it has only distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified investors this Base 
Prospectus, any Final Terms (or Pricing Supplements, in the case of Exempt Notes) or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of 
the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Switzerland  
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), except pursuant to and in accordance with an exemption from the 
prospectus requirements of the FinSA. No application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on 
any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the 
FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the 
Notes. 
Information for the Affiliated Entities (as defined below) of the Issuer 
In order to comply with the obligation to act with due care, as referred to in Article 41 section 25 of the PIT 
Act and Article 26 section 1ae of the CIT Act, the Issuer informs the Noteholders being the Affiliated 
Entities (as defined below) that the exemption from income tax pursuant to Article 21 section 1 point 130c) 
of the PIT Act and Article 17 section 1 point 50c) of the CIT Act applies to income from interest (discount), 
whereby the note generating the income: 
(a) 
has a maturity of not less than one year;

--- Page 255 ---
98042995.13 
255 
 
(b) 
has been admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced to an alternative trading system, 
within the meaning of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, in the Republic of Poland or in 
a state that is a party to a double taxation treaty concluded with the Republic of Poland, the 
provisions of which set out the principles of taxing income from dividends, interest and royalties; 
and 
(c) 
in the event that the income is earned by a taxpayer referred to in Article 3 section 2a of the PIT 
Act, or Article 3 section 2 of the CIT Act, who, at the moment of generating income, is an affiliated 
entity within the meaning of Article 23m section 1 point 4 of the PIT Act, or within the meaning 
of Article 11a section 1 point 4 of the CIT Act (Affiliated Entities) with the issuer of the securities, 
then that taxpayer may not hold, directly or indirectly, together with other Affiliated Entities within 
the meaning of these regulations, more than 10 per cent. of the nominal value of these securities. 
In view of point (c) above, the Issuer informs the Noteholders being the Affiliated Entities that they must 
not acquire more than 10 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes (the "Obligation"). The Obligation 
applies to the Notes issued under the Programme. The Issuer informs the Noteholders being the Affiliated 
Entities that in the event the Affiliated Entity fails to comply with the Obligation, they may expect to lose 
the exemption from the obligation to withhold tax referred to in Article 41 section 24a of the PIT Act and 
Article 26 section 1aa of the CIT Act. 
Republic of Italy 
Offerings of the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation or 
with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus 
or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy (in accordance with 
all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations), except: 
(a)  
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any application provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the "Financial Services Act") and CONSOB; or 
(b)  
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, 
as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (a) and (b) above must be: 
 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 (the "Italian Banking Act") (in each case as amended from time to time) and any 
other applicable laws and regulations; and 
 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations (including article 100 bis of the 
Italian Financial Services Act, where applicable) imposed by the Bank of Italy (including the 
reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and 
the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) or requirements 
imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, the 
Prospectus Regulation and Financial Services Act may require compliance with the law relating to public 
offers of securities. Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Financial Services Act provides that where the Notes 
are placed solely with "qualified investors" and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at 
any time in the 12 months following such placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course 
of their business or profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, 
in addition, to claim damages from any authorised person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, 
unless an exemption provided for under the Prospectus Regulation or Financial Services Act applies.

--- Page 256 ---
98042995.13 
256 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Management Board of the 
Issuer dated 13 August 2024. 
Approval, Listing of Notes and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has 
also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The listing of the 
Programme in respect of Notes is expected to be granted on 13 September 2024. 
Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection (or from the date of subsequent publication (as the case 
may be)) from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being at 2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, 
1115 Luxembourg, Luxembourg: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the H1 2024 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, the 2023 Consolidated Financial 
Statements and the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements; 
(c) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most recently 
published unaudited semi-annual financial statements (if any) of the Issuer (in each case, with an 
English translation thereof), together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection 
therewith; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(f) 
any future Base Prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplements, in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference; and 
(g) 
in the case of each issue of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market subscribed pursuant to a subscription agreement, the subscription agreement (or 
equivalent document). 
For at least ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus, a copy of any document containing the 
information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the Issuer's website at 
https://www.mbank.pl/en/investor-relations/ratings-debt-instruments/issue-programs.html. 
For 
the 
avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the Bank's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code, ISIN, FISN and CFI code for

--- Page 257 ---
98042995.13 
257 
 
each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes 
are to be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes). The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue 
Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and 
will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant/Material Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and its subsidiaries, taken as a 
whole, since 31 December 2023. There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of the Issuer and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, since 30 June 2024. 
Litigation 
There are not and have not been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months before the 
date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Auditors 
On 31 March 2022 KPMG Audyt Spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością spółka komandytowa 
("KPMG")  was appointed as the external auditor of the Group. KPMG is registered on the list of audit 
firms maintained by the Polish Audit Oversight Agency under the number 3546. 
 
KPMG have audited the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements and the 2022 Consolidated Financial 
Statements and issued unmodified independent auditors' reports for each of the 2023 Consolidated Financial 
Statements and the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements dated 27 February 2024 and 28 February 2023, 
respectively. KPMG have reviewed the H1 2024 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in 
accordance with the International Standard on Review Engagements 2410, "Review of Interim Financial 
Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity" as adopted by the resolution of the 
National Council of Statutory Auditors as the National Standard on Review 2410 and have issued an 
unmodified review conclusion on the H1 2024 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The auditor's reports in respect of the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements and the 2022 Consolidated 
Financial Statements (each as incorporated by reference herein) are incorporated herein in the form and 
context in which they appear. 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer, and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative

--- Page 258 ---
98042995.13 
258 
 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Validity of the Base Prospectus 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the 
end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 259 ---
98042995.13 
- 259 - 
 
 
ISSUER 
mBank S.A. 
ul. Prosta 18 
00-850 Warsaw 
Poland 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
1100 Vienna 
Austria 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38 avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
ISSUE AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Security Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG Audyt Spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp.k. 
ul. Inflancka 4a 
00-189 Warsaw 
Poland 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Polish law

--- Page 260 ---
98042995.13 
- 260 - 
 
 
Dentons UK and Middle East LLP 
1 Fleet Place 
London EC4M 7WS 
United Kingdom 
Dentons Europe  
Dąbrowski i Wspólnicy sp.k. 
ul. Zajęcza 4 
00-351 Warsaw 
Poland 
To the Arranger and Dealers as to English law 
To the Arranger and Dealers as to Polish law 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
White & Case M. Studniarek i Wspólnicy 
– Kancelaria Prawna sp.k. 
al. Jana Pawła II 22 
00-133 Warsaw 
Poland