--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 7 June 2022 
 
 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a “Società per Azioni” under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
Euro 10,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by  
Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l . 
(incorporated with limited liability as a “Società a responsabilità limitata” under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The €10,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been established in December 
2011 by Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (in its capacity as issuer of the Covered Bonds (as defined below), “Mediobanca” or the “Bank” or the 
“Issuer”) for the issuance of covered bonds (the “Covered Bonds”, which term includes, for the avoidance of doubt and as the context requires, Registered Covered 
Bonds, as defined below) guaranteed by Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. (the “Guarantor”) pursuant to Article 7-bis of law 30 April 1999, No. 130, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time (“Law 130/99”), Ministerial Decree No. 310 of the Ministry for the Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006 (the “MEF Decree”) 
and the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy relating to covered bonds under Part III, Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013, containing the 
“Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and amended (the “BoI Regulations” and together with Law 130/99 and the MEF Decree, the 
“Covered Bonds Law”), as amended and implemented from time to time. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all the Covered Bonds from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference among 
themselves and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds (the “Bondholders”) will be collected by the Guarantor on their behalf and will be included in the Cover Pool, in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 4, Paragraph 3 of the MEF Decree. The Guarantor issued a first demand (a prima richiesta), autonomous, unconditional and irrevocable guarantee 
securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds (the “Guarantee”), collateralised by a portfolio of residential and commercial mortgage loans 
assigned and to be assigned to the Guarantor by the Seller (and/or, as the case may be, by any Additional Seller) and of other Eligible Assets and Integration Assets, in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. The recourse of the Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be limited to the assets of the Cover Pool subject 
to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which specified payments will be made to other parties prior to payments to the Bondholders. 
This document has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (“CSSF”), in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation  EU 
2017/1129 as from time to time amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as a base prospectus, for the purposes of article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor or the quality of the Covered Bonds that are 
subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in Covered Bonds. Approval by the CSSF relates only to the 
Covered Bonds and does not include the Registered Covered Bonds. 
Application has also been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) during the period of 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments as from time to time amended. However, unlisted Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the 
Programme. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Covered Bonds will specify whether or not such Covered Bonds will be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (or any other stock exchange). Application may also be made for notification to be given to 
competent authorities in other Member States of the European Economic Area in order to permit Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be offered to the 
public and admitted to trading on regulated markets in such other Member States in accordance with the procedures under the Prospectus Regulation.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) and therefore, until 7 June 2023. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of 
a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The terms of each Series or Tranche will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) relating to such Series or Tranche prepared in accordance with the 
provisions of this Base Prospectus and, if listed, to be delivered to the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of such Series 
or Tranche.  
Amounts of interests payable under the Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, EURIBOR is provided and administered by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
EMMI are both authorised as benchmark administrators and included on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).  
The Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in dematerialised form (emesse in forma dematerializzata) on the terms of, and subject to, 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the relevant Final Terms and will be held in such form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. (“Monte Titoli”) for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The expression “Monte Titoli Account 
Holders” means any authorised institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (and includes any relevant Clearing System) which 
holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks appointed by any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their 
customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear Bank S.A. / N.V. (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, 
Luxembourg (“Clearstream”). Each Series (or Tranche) is and will be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date (as defined in the “Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds” below). Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will at all time be evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferrable by means of, 
book-entries in accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 83-bis and ff. of the Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (as amended, the “Financial Services 
Act”) and (ii) the Joint Resolution (as defined below), as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for 
Clearstream and Euroclear. No certificate or physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds).  
The Covered Bonds may also be issued in registered form as German law governed registered covered bonds (Namensschuld verschreibungen) (the “Registered 
Covered Bonds”). The terms and conditions of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds (the “Registered CB Conditions”) will specify the minimum denomination 
for the relevant Registered Covered Bonds, which will not be listed. 
Before the Maturity Date the Covered Bonds will be subject to optional redemption in whole or in part in certain circumstances, as set out in Condition 8 (Redemption 
and Purchase).  
Each Series (or Tranche) issued under the Programme specified in the relevant Final Terms may be assigned a rating by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch” or the 
“Rating Agency”). Conditions precedent to the issuance of any Series or Tranche include that the Rating Agency confirms (where applicable) that the issuance of such 
Series or Tranches will not result in a reduction or withdrawal of the then current ratings of any of the then outstanding Series or Tranche. Whether or not the credit 
rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be (i) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies as from time to time 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or by or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, 
will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not

--- Page 2 ---
2
issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation unless unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the European Union but endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority (the ESMA) is obliged to maintain on its website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) is obliged 
to maintain on its website, https://register.fca.org.uk/s/search?q=fitch&type=Companies), a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. 
All the credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by Fitch, which is established in the European Union and registered under the 
CRA Regulation. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be subject to suspension, reduction, revision 
or withdrawal by the assigning Rating Agency and each rating shall be evaluated independently of any other.  
An investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors” 
beginning on page 41. 
 
Arranger of the Programme 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.

--- Page 3 ---
3
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS AND NOTICE TO INVESTORS 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the Issuer for the purposes of Article 8 o f the Prospectus 
Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”) and for the purposes of giving information with regard to the Issuer, 
the Seller, the Guarantor, the Covered Bonds and the Asset Monitor which, according to the particular nature 
of the Covered Bonds, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment o f the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, of the Seller, of the Guarantor, of 
the Asset Monitor and of the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To  the best o f the 
knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information and 
data contained in the Base Prospectus are in accordance with the facts and do not contain any omission likely 
to affect the import of such information and data. 
The Seller accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus under the sections 
headed “Description of the Seller”, “Credit and Collection Policies” and “The Cover Pool”. To the best o f the 
knowledge of the Seller (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information and 
data in relation to which it is responsible as described above are in accordance with the facts and do not 
contain any omission likely to affect the import of such information and data. The Seller accepts 
responsibility for its relevant sections of this Base Prospectus, but does not accept responsibility for any other 
parts of this Base Prospectus. 
The Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus under the 
sections headed “Description of the Guarantor”. To the best of the knowledge of the Guarantor (having taken 
all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information and data in relation to which it is 
responsible as described above are in accordance with the facts and do not contain any o mission likely to 
affect the import of such information and data. The Guarantor accepts responsibility for its relevant section 
of this Base Prospectus, but does not accept responsibility for any other parts of this Base Prospectus. 
The Asset Monitor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus under the 
sections headed “Description of the Asset Monitor”. To the best o f the knowledge o f the A sset Monitor 
(having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information and data in relation to 
which it is responsible as described above are in accordance with the facts and do not contain any o mission 
likely to affect the import of such information and data. The Asset Monitor accepts responsibility fo r its 
relevant section of this Base Prospectus, but does not accept responsibility for any o ther part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor, having made all reasonable enquiries, c onfirms that (i) this Base 
Prospectus contains all information with respect to the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Covered Bonds and the 
Guarantee which is material in the context of the issue and offering of the Covered Bonds, (ii) the statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor are in every material respect true 
and accurate and not misleading, the opinions and intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus with regard 
to the Issuer and the Guarantor are honestly held, have been reached after c onsidering all relevant 
circumstances and are based on reasonable assumptions, (iii) there are no o ther facts in relation to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Covered Bonds or the Guarantee the omission of which would, in the context of the 
issue and offering of Covered Bonds, make any statement in this Base Prospectus misleading in any material 
respect and (iv) all reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuer and the Guarantor to ascertain such 
facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any supplement hereto and with any documents 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Series/Tranche of Covered Bonds, should be read 
and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms will be available from the

--- Page 4 ---
4
registered office of the Issuer and the specified office set out below of the Luxembourg Listing Agent (as 
defined below) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller and any Series/Tranche of Covered Bo nds is only 
available on the basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus, any supplements, the relevant Final Terms 
and the documents incorporated by reference. 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below, unless o therwise defined in the single section of this Base 
Prospectus in which they are used.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation o ther than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Covered Bonds and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any 
sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been 
no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof o r the date upon which this 
document has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of either the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has 
been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
T he contents of this Base Prospectus should not be construed as providing legal, business, 
accounting or tax advice. Each prospective investor should determine for itself the relevance 
of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds 
should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary and should c onsult its own 
legal, business, accounting and tax advisers prior to making a decision to invest in the 
Covered Bonds. 
The Arranger, the Dealers and the Representative of the Bondholders have not separately verified the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly none o f the Arranger, the Dealers o r the 
Representative of the Bondholders makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any 
responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus 
or any other information provided by the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor or the A sset Manager in 
connection with the Covered Bonds or their distribution. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in c onnection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Covered Bonds constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or 
on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any 
Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an o ffer to buy any Covered 
Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the o ffer o r solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Covered Bo nds may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the A sset 
Monitor, the Arranger and the Representative of the Bondholders do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bond may be lawfully offered, in c ompliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. No action has been 
taken by the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the A rranger and the Representative of the 
Bondholders which is intended to permit a public offering of any Covered Bo nds outside Luxembourg or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or so ld, directly o r indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in c ompliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bo nds may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offering and sale of Covered Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution o f this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan and the 
European Economic Area (including, inter alia, the Republic of Italy, Ireland, Luxembourg, France and the 
Netherlands), see also section headed ‘‘Subscription and Sale’’.  
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. Where a claim relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus is brought before 
a court in a member State of the European Economic Area (a Member State), the plaintiff may, under the 
national legislation of the Member State where the c laim is brought, be required to  bear the costs o f 
translating the Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to € or euro or Euro are to the single currency introduced at the start of 
the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended; references to U.S.$ or U.S. Dollar are to the currency o f the Unites 
States of America; references to £ or UK Sterling are to the currency of the United Kingdom; references to 
Italy are to the Republic of Italy; references to laws and regulations are, unless otherwise specified, to the 
laws and regulations of Italy; and references to billions are to thousands of millions. 
Certain monetary amounts and currency conversions included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to 
rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic 
aggregation of the figures which preceded them. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published.  
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose o f an o ffer o r solicitation by 
anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.  
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of the purchase of 
such Covered Bond, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements intended to 
restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and described in this Base Prospectus and, in 
connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its compliance with such resale o r other 
transfer restrictions in certain cases.  
The Arranger is acting for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Programme and will not be 
responsible to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection afforded to clients o f the 
Arranger or for providing advice in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the issue of any Series or Tranche under the Programme, the Dealer (if 
any) which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the stabilising manager (the Stabilising 
Manager) or any person acting for the Stabilising Manager may over-allot any such Series or 
T ranche or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of such Series or 
T ranche at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail for a limited period. 
However, there may be no obligation on the Stabilising Manager (or any agent of the 
Stabilising Manager) to do this. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the Covered Bonds is made 
and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days

--- Page 6 ---
6
after the issue date of the relevant Series or Tranche and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of any such Series or Tranche. Such stabilising shall be in compliance with all 
applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bo nds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Co uncil on markets in financial instruments (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional c lient as 
defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bo nds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) o f A rticle 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds will include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs o nly 
target market" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending such Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Ru les"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose o f 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bo nds 
will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Go vernance" which will o utline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bo nds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject

--- Page 7 ---
7
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect o f the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, fo r the purpose o f the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect o f 
such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (a) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (b) Covered Bonds can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and “repurchase” agreements and (c) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-
based capital or similar rules. 
T HE COVERED BONDS MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate the merits 
and risks of an investment in the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks in the 
context of their financial situation; 
(iii) 
be capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds; and 
(iv) 
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of the Covered Bonds for a substantial period o f time, 
if at all.  
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should make their own independent decision whether to invest in 
the Covered Bonds and whether an investment in the Covered Bonds is appropriate or proper fo r them, 
based upon their own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as they may deem necessary. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do 
not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition o f 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are c omplex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value o f the Covered 
Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA AND THIRD PARTIES INFORMATION 
Information regarding markets, market size, market share, market position, growth rates and other industry 
data pertaining to the Issuer and the Group’s business contained in this Base Prospectus consists of estimates 
based on data reports compiled by professional organisations and analysts, on data from o ther external 
sources, and on the Issuer’s knowledge of its markets. In many cases, there is no readily available external 
information (whether from trade associations, government bodies or other organisations) to validate market-

--- Page 8 ---
8
related analyses and estimates, requiring the Issuer to rely on internally developed estimates. There are a 
number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed 
or implied by this information. While the Issuer has compiled, extracted and, to the best of its knowledge, 
correctly reproduced market or other industry data or any other information from external sources, including 
third parties or industry or general publications, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers have independently 
verified that data. The Issuer cannot assure investors of the accuracy and completeness of, and takes no  
responsibility for, such data other than the responsibility for the correct and accurate reproduction thereof. 
The information in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced and no facts have been omitted that 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. However, information regarding the 
sectors and markets in which the Group operates may not be available for certain periods and, accordingly, 
such information may not be current as of the date of this Base Prospectus. All sources of such information 
have been identified where such information is used. Similarly, while the Issuer believes such information to 
be reliable and believes its internal estimates to be reasonable and confirms all information to be up to date 
on the date of approval of this Base Prospectus, it has not been verified by any independent sources. Undue 
reliance should therefore not be placed on such information.

--- Page 9 ---
9
INDEX 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS AND NOTICE TO INVESTORS ......................................................... 3 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS .......................................................................................7  
THE COVERED BONDS MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS .....................7  
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA AND THIRD PARTIES INFORMATION .............................................7  
INDEX.......................................................................................................................................... 9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS............................................................................................................................ 41 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM ............................................................................................................... 68 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................ 69 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................... 7 3 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SELLER .................................................................................................... 93 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR........................................................................................... 111 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR ..................................................................................... 115 
THE COVER POOL ......................................................................................................................116 
CREDIT STRUCTURE................................................................................................................. 120 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS................................................................................................... 126 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS .................................................................. 129 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW ....................................................................................... 149 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY ......................................................................................161 
TAXATION IN LUXEMBOURG ..................................................................................................... 171 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE BONDHOLDERS ........................................................... 217 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................ 243 
KEY  FEATURES OF REGISTERED COVERED BONDS (NAMENSSCHULD VERSCHREIBUNGEN)...... 256 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................... 258 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE......................................................................................................... 259 
GENERAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................................... 263 
GLOSSARY................................................................................................................................ 266

--- Page 10 ---
10
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following section contains a general description of the Programme and, as such, does not purport to be 
complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the 
terms and conditions of any Series or Tranche, the applicable Final Terms. Prospective purchasers o f 
Covered Bonds should carefully read the information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus prior to 
making an investment decision in respect of the Covered Bonds. In this section, references to a numbered 
condition are to such condition in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below. 
1. PARTIES 
Issuer 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A, a bank incorporated under the 
laws of Republic of Italy and having its registered office at Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 , 
20121, Milan, Italy, Fiscal Code, VAT number and registration with the companies’ 
register in Milan under No. 00714490158, enrolled in the register of banks held by 
the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 13 of the Legislative Decree o f 1  September 
1993, No. 385 (the “Banking Act”) under No. 74753.5.0, and which is the parent 
company of the group composed of Mediobanca and its consolidated subsidiaries 
(the “Mediobanca Group” or the “Group”) (the “Issuer” or the “Bank” o r 
“Mediobanca”). 
See “Description of the Issuer”, below. 
Issuer Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44  
Arranger 
Mediobanca. 
Dealers 
Mediobanca and Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A., a société 
anonyme subject to Luxembourg law and having its registered office at 14 
Boulevard Roosevelt L-2450 Luxembourg, registered at the Luxembourg trade and 
companies registry under registration number B 112885 (“Mediobanca 
International”), as well as any other dealer appointed from time to time in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Guarantor 
Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l., a limited liability company incorporated under 
the laws of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office at Corso di Porta Romana, 
No. 61, 20122 Milan, Italy, Fiscal Code and registration with the Companies 
Register in Milan, Monza-Brianza, Lodi No. 03915310969 (the “Guarantor”). 
The issued corporate capital of the Guarantor is equal to Euro 100,000 and is held 
by CheBanca! S.p.A. 90% and SPV Holding S.r.l. 10% (the “Quotaholders”). 
See “Description of the Guarantor”, below. 
Seller 
CheBanca! S.p.A., a joint stock company (società per azioni) incorporated under 
the laws of the Republic of Italy, having its registered office at Viale Bodio (palazzo 
4), No. 37, 20158, Milan, Italy, Fiscal Code and VAT number and enrolment with 
the companies’ register of Milan, Monza-Brianza, Lodi No.10359360152, under 
the direction and coordination (direzione e coordinamento) o f Mediobanca – 
Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (“CheBanca” or the “Seller”). 
See “Description of the Seller”, below.

--- Page 11 ---
11
Additional Sellers 
Any entity (each an “Additional Seller”), other than the Seller, which is part o f 
the Mediobanca Group that may sell Eligible Assets and/or Integration A ssets to 
the Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, and that, fo r such 
purpose, shall, inter alia, accede to the Master Purchase Agreement by signing an 
accession letter substantially in the form attached to the Master Purchase 
Agreement and in accordance with the provisions of the Transaction Do cuments 
executed by the Seller. 
Servicer 
CheBanca will collect, recover and administer the Eligible Assets comprised in the 
Cover Pool on behalf of the Guarantor pursuant to the terms o f the Servicing 
Agreement (the “Servicer”). 
See “Transaction Summary - The Portfolio”, “Description o f the Seller”, “The 
Credit and Collection Policies”, and “Description of the Transaction Documents – 
Servicing Agreement”, below. 
Successor Servicer 
The party or parties which will be appointed in order to perform, inter alia, the 
servicing activities performed by the Servicer, and any successor or replacing 
entity thereto following the occurrence o f a Servicer Termination Event (as 
defined below) (the “Successor Servicer”). 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents – Servicing Agreement”, below. 
Corporate Servicer 
D&B Tax Accounting S.r.l. – società tra professionisti, with registered o ffice at 
Corso di Porta Romana, No. 61, 20122, Milan, Italy, VAT number 08881690963, is 
the corporate services provider to the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the 
Corporate Services Agreement (the “Corporate Servicer”). 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents –The Corporate Services 
Agreement”, below. 
Asset Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent accountants and auditors will be appointed as 
Asset Monitor pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer, and which will act as 
an independent monitor pursuant to an Asset Monitor A greement in o rder to 
perform tests and procedures in favour o f the Issuer, the Seller and/or the 
Guarantor, including those in accordance with the applicable legal regulations. 
The initial Asset Monitor will be BDO Italia S.p.A. (the “Asset Monitor”). 
See “Description of the Asset Monitor”, below. 
Cash Manager and 
Calculation Agent  
CheBanca will act as cash manager (in such capacity, the “Cash Manager”), fo r 
the purpose of operating the Collection Account, the Ex penses Account, the 
Transaction Account, the Reserve Account and the Securities Account and as 
calculation agent (in such capacity, the “Calculation Agent”) to the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - The Cash Management 
Agreement”, below. 
Account Bank and 
Investment 
Manager 
Mediobanca will act as account bank (in such capacity, the “Account Bank”), fo r 
the purpose of maintaining the Collection Account, the Expense Account, the 
Transaction Account, the Reserve Account and the Securities Account and as 
investment manager (in such capacity, the “Investment Manager”) pursuant to

--- Page 12 ---
12
the Cash Management Agreement.   
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - The Cash Management 
Agreement”, below. 
T est Report 
Provider 
CheBanca will act as test report provider pursuant to the Cash Management 
Agreement (in such capacity, the “Test Report Provider”). The Test Report 
Provider will perform certain calculations and conduct certain tests pursuant to  
the Cash Management Agreement and the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - The Cash Management 
Agreement”, and “Credit Structure” below. 
Cover Pool Swap 
Counterparty 
Any swap counterparty which agrees to act as swap c ounterparty (the “Cover 
Pool Swap Counterparty”) to the Guarantor under the Cover Po ol Swap 
Agreements executed with the Guarantor in order to hedge interest rate risk on the 
Cover Pool (the “Cover Pool Swap Agreements”). The initial Cover Pool Swap 
Counterparty will be Mediobanca. 
Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparty 
Any institution which shall agree to act as covered bond swap counterparty (each, 
a “Covered Bond Swap Counterparty”) to the Guarantor under a covered 
bond swap agreement executed with the Guarantor in order to hedge against 
currency (if any) and/or interest rate exposure in relation to obligations under the 
Covered Bonds (the “Covered Bond Swap Agreement”). The initial Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty will be Mediobanca. 
Swap 
Counterparties 
The Cover Pool Swap Counterparty and each Covered Bond Swap Counterparty. 
Swap Agreements 
The Cover Pool Swap Agreement(s) and the Covered Bond Swap A greement(s), 
which may be entered into in connection with any Series of Covered Bo nds, each 
of which is documented in accordance with the documentation published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (“ISDA”), which are in 
particular: 
(i) 
1992 ISDA Master Agreement with the Schedule thereto (the “ISDA 
Master Agreement”); 
(ii) 
1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Transfer-English Law) to the Schedule 
to the ISDA Master Agreement (the “CSA”); and 
(iii) 
the relevant confirmation(s),  
to be entered into between the Guarantor and each Cover Pool Swap Counterparty 
and each Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, respectively. 
Interest 
Determination 
Agent  
BNP Paribas Securities Services, a company incorporated under the laws o f the 
Republic of France, with registered office at 3 Rue d'Antin, 75002 - Paris, France, 
acting through its Milan branch, with offices at Piazza Lina Bo  Bardi 3, 20124, 
Milan, Italy, Fiscal Code, VAT code and enrolment with the Register of Enterprises 
of Milan No. 13449250151, enrolled with the register held by the Bank o f Italy 
pursuant to article 13 of the Consolidated Banking Act under No . 5 483 (“BNP 
Paribas”) will act as interest determination agent under the Programme pursuant

--- Page 13 ---
13
to the provisions of the Cash Management Agreement (the “Interest 
Determination Agent”). 
Paying Agent 
Mediobanca, as long as it is an Eligible Institution and provided that an Issuer 
Event of Default has not occurred, otherwise BNP Paribas, pursuant to  the Cash 
Allocation Management and Payment Agreement as amended and supplemented 
from time to time (each a “Paying Agent” and, together, the “Paying Agents”). 
Luxembourg 
Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, a company incorporated under the laws o f 
Republic of France whose registered office is at 3 Rue d’Antin, 7 5002 Paris, 
France, acting through its Luxembourg branch with offices at Branch 60 avenue 
JF Kennedy, L-2085 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy o f Luxembourg will be the 
Luxembourg listing agent  (the “Luxembourg L isting A gent”) under the 
Programme.  
Registrar 
Any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as registrar (the 
“Registrar”) in respect of the German law governed covered bonds in registered 
form (Namensschuld verschreibungen) (the “Registered Covered Bonds”) 
issued under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer will keep the register and 
will not delegate such activity, any reference to the Registrar will be construed as a 
reference to the Issuer.  
Registered Paying 
Agent  
 
Any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in respect o f the 
Registered Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, if any.  
Representative of 
the Bondholders 
KPMG Fides Servizi di Amministrazione S.p.A., a joint stock company 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, having its registered office at 
Via Vittor Pisani, 27, 20124, Milan, Italy, registered with the companies’ register of 
Milan under No. 00731410155, will act as representative o f the bondholders 
pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Intercreditor A greement and the 
Rules of the Organisation of Bondholders (the “Representative of the 
Bondholders”).  
Rating Agency 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch” or the “Rating Agency”).  
2. T HE COVERED BONDS AND THE PROGRAMME 
Description 
A covered bond issuance programme under which Covered Bonds (Obbligazioni 
Bancarie Garantite) will be issued by the Issuer to Bondholders and guaranteed 
by the Guarantor. 
Programme 
Amount 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Covered Bonds (Obbligazioni 
Bancarie Garantite) denominated in another currency shall be translated into 
Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Covered Bo nds, and the Euro 
exchange rate used shall be included in the Final Terms) in aggregate principal 
amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any time (the “Programme L imit”). 
The Issuer may however increase the Programme Limit in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.  
Distribution of the 
Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis, in 
each case only in accordance with the relevant selling restrictions.

--- Page 14 ---
14
Selling Restrictions 
The offer, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds and the distribution of o ffering 
material in certain jurisdictions may be subject to c ertain selling restrictions. 
Persons who are in possession of this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Covered Bonds. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States, the United Kingdom, 
Japan and the European Economic Area (including, inter alia, the Republic o f 
Italy, Ireland, Luxembourg, France and the Netherlands).  
See “Subscription and Sale”, below. 
Specified Currency 
Covered Bonds may be issued in such currency or currencies as may be agreed 
from time to time between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms (each a “Specified Currency”), subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal, regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
Denomination of 
Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds (o ther than Registered 
Covered Bonds) will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal or regulatory 
or central bank requirements (See Condition 3 (Denomination, Form and Title)).  
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond (other than the Registrered 
Covered Bonds) admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication o f a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, 
or at a premium over, par, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (in each case, 
the “Issue Price” for such Series or Tranche).  
Issue Date 
The date of issue of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bo nds, pursuant to, and in 
accordance with, the Programme Agreement (each, the “Issue Date” in relation 
to such Series or Tranche). 
CB Payment Date 
The dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of 
the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, subject in each c ase, to the extent 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, to adjustment in accordance with the 
applicable Business Day Convention (as defined in the Conditions) (such date, a 
“CB Payment Date”). 
CB Interest Period 
Each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date o r, in case o f the 
first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date and ending o n (but 
excluding) the next CB Payment Date. 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
In relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bo nds, the Issue Date o f such 
Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as the Interest 
Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms (the “Interest 
Commencement Date”).

--- Page 15 ---
15
Form of Covered 
Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be issued in dematerialised form or in registered form as 
Registered Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be issued in bearer fo rm 
and will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial o wners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A., whose registered office 
is at Piazza degli Affari, 6, 20123 Milan (“Monte Titoli”) for the account o f the 
relevant Monte Titoli account holders. Each Series or Tranche will be deposited 
with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date. Monte Titoli shall act as depositary 
for Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form 
will at all times be held in book entry form and title to such Covered Bonds will be 
evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of (i) A rticle 83-bis 
and ff. of the Financial Services Act and (ii) the resolution dated 13 August, 2018 
jointly issued by the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) and the Bank of Italy and published in the Offic ial Gazette o f the 
Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 201 of 30 
August 2018, as from time to time amended (the “Joint Resolution”), each as 
subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. No physical 
document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in 
dematerialised form. 
Registered Covered Bonds will be issued to each holder in the form of 
Namensschuld verschreibungen, each issued with a minimum denomination 
indicated in the applicable Registered CB Conditions attached thereto, together 
with the execution of the related Registered Covered Bonds rules of organisation 
agreement (the “Registered CB Rules Agreement”) in relation to  a specific 
issue of Registered Covered Bonds. 
The relevant Registered Covered Bo nds (Namensschuld v erschreibungen), 
together with the related Registered CB Conditions attached thereto, the relevant 
Registered CB Rules Agreement and any other document expressed to govern such 
Series of Registered Covered Bonds, will constitute the full terms and conditions of 
the relevant Series of Registered Covered Bonds.  
In connection with the Registered Covered Bonds, references in the Base 
Prospectus to information being set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated o r 
otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed 
as a reference to such information being set out, specified, stated, shown, 
indicated or otherwise provided in the relevant Registered CB Co nditions, the 
Registered CB Rules Agreement relating thereto or any other document expressed 
to govern such Registered Covered Bonds and, as applicable, each other reference 
to Final Terms in the Base Prospectus shall be construed and read as a reference to 
such Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement thereto or any 
other document expressed to govern such issue of Registered Covered Bonds.  
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds shall not be effective until the transferee 
has delivered to the Registrar a duly executed A ssignment A greement and 
Registered CB Rules Agreement. A transfer c an o nly occur fo r the minimum 
denomination indicated in the applicable Registered CB Conditions o r multiples 
thereof.

--- Page 16 ---
16
Any reference to the Covered Bondholders shall include reference to the holders of 
the Covered Bonds and/or the registered holder for the time being of a Registered 
Covered Bond (the “Registered Covered Bondholders”) as the context may 
require.  
Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to Covered Bo nds shall 
include reference to the Registered Covered Bonds.  
For further details on the Registered Covered Bonds, see the section headed “Key 
features of Registered Covered Bonds (Namensschuld verschreibungen” below). 
T ypes of Covered 
Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the interest basis shown in 
the applicable Final Terms. The Covered Bonds may be Covered Bonds scheduled 
to be redeemed in full on the Maturity Date and Covered Bonds repayable in one 
or more instalments or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending o n the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. Each Series o r 
tranche shall be comprised of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only o r Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds only or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds only as may be so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms only.  
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: fixed interest on the Covered Bonds will be payable in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms, on such date as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers and on redemption, and will be calculated o n 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction provided fo r in the Co nditions and the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a 
rate determined in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealers for each Series or Tranche o f Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds.  
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Co vered Bonds: Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate 
or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each CB Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealers, will be payable o n 
such CB Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis o f such Day Co unt 
Fraction provided for in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be o ffered and 
sold at a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear interest.  
Issuance in Series 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series, but on different terms from each other, 
subject to the terms set out in the relevant Final Terms in respect of such Series. 
Covered Bonds of different Series will not be fungible among themselves. Series 
may be issued in more than one tranche (each, a “Tranche”) which are fungible 
among themselves within the Series and are identical in all respects, but having 
different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first

--- Page 17 ---
17 
interest payments. The Issuer will issue Covered Bonds without the prior consent 
of the holders of any outstanding Covered Bonds but subject to certain conditions. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the following series of Covered 
Bond have been already issued under the Programme: (i) a first series 
of Covered Bond for a nominal value of €1.5 billion, on 14 December 
2011; such series has been fully redeemed by the Issuer on 11 Oc tober 
2013; (ii) a second series of Covered Bond for a nominal value of 
€0.750 billion, on 17 October 2013; (iii) a third series of Covered Bond 
for a nominal value of €0.750 billion, on 17 June 2014; (iv) a fourth 
series of Covered Bond for a nominal value of € 0.750 billion, on 10 
November 2015 and on 17 December 2015; (v) a fifth series of Covered 
Bond for a nominal value of € 0.750 billion, on 24 November 2017; (vi) 
a sixth series of Covered Bond for a nominal value of € 0.750 billion, 
on 12 July and on 2 October 2018; (vii) a seventh series of Covered 
Bond for a nominal value of € 0.750 billion, on 1 July 2019 and (viii) 
an eighth series of Covered Bond for a nominal value of € 0.750 billion 
on 20 January 2021. See “Conditions Precedent to the Issuance of a new series 
of Covered Bonds” below. 
Final Terms 
Specific final terms will be issued and published in accordance with the generally 
applicable terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds, other than the Registered 
Covered Bonds (the “Conditions”) prior to the issue of each Series o r Tranche 
detailing certain relevant terms thereof which, for the purposes of that Series o r 
Tranche only, supplements the Conditions and the Base Prospectus and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus (such specific final terms, the “Final 
T erms”). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series or Tranche 
are the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced, by the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Registered Covered Bo nd 
shall be set out in the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the relevant Registered 
CB Rules Agreement and any other document expressed to govern such particular 
Registered Covered Bonds. 
Interest on the 
Covered Bonds 
Except for the Zero Coupon Covered Bonds and unless otherwise specified in the 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the Covered Bo nds will be interest-
bearing and interest will be calculated on the principal amount outstanding of the 
relevant Covered Bonds (the “Principal Amount Outstanding”). Interest will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction in accordance with the 
Conditions and in the relevant Final Terms. Interest may accrue o n the Covered 
Bonds at a fixed rate or a floating rate or on such other basis and at such rate as 
may be so specified in the relevant Final Terms and the method o f c alculating 
interest may vary between the Issue Date and the Maturity Date o f the relevant 
Series or Tranche.  
Redemption of the 
Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series or Tranche of Covered Bo nds 
will indicate either (a) that the Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity (other than in specified c ases, e.g. taxation reasons, or if it 
becomes unlawful for any Covered Bonds to remain outstanding, or following a 
Guarantor Event of Default), or (b) that such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at

--- Page 18 ---
18
the option of the Issuer upon giving notice to the Representative of Bo ndholders 
on behalf of the holders of the Covered Bo nds (the “Bondholders”) and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Conditions and of the relevant Final Terms, 
on a date or dates specified prior to such maturity and at a price or prices and o n 
such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers (as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms) or (c ) that such Covered Bo nds will be 
redeemable at the option of the Bo ndholders, as provided in Co ndition 8(f) 
(Redemption at the Option of Bondholders).  
Covered Bonds may be redeemable at par. Covered Bonds may also be redeemable 
in two or more instalments on such dates and in such manner as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
T ax Gross Up and 
Redemption for 
taxation reasons 
Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made by the Issuer will be made 
without deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax (a “Tax Deduction”), 
unless such Tax Deduction is required to be made by applicable law.  
Subject to the Condition 10 (Taxation), in the event that any such Tax Deduction 
is to be made, the Issuer will be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted. In such circumstances and provided that such o bligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the 
Covered Bonds will be redeemable (in whole, but not in part) at the option of the 
Issuer. See Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons).  
The Guarantor will not be liable to pay any additional amount due to taxation 
reasons following an Issuer Event of Default (as defined below). 
Maturity Date 
The maturity date for each Series or Tranche (the “Maturity Date”) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the 
currency of the Covered Bonds. Unless previously redeemed as provided in 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the Covered Bo nds o f each Series o r 
Tranche will be redeemed at their Principal Amount Outstanding on the relevant 
Maturity Date. 
Extended Maturity 
Date 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series or Tranche of Covered Bo nds 
may also provide that the Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee to pay 
Guaranteed Amounts equal to the Final Redemption Amount (as defined below) of 
the applicable Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on their Maturity Date may be 
deferred pursuant to the Conditions (the Extended Maturity Date). Such 
deferral will automatically occur, if so stated in the relevant Final Terms, if:  
(a) 
an Issuer Event of Default has occurred; and  
(b) 
the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available (in accordance with the 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments) to pay in full any amount 
representing the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the amount due 
(subject to the applicable grace period) in respect of the relevant Series o r 
Tranche of Covered Bond as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the “Final 
Redemption Amount”) on the Extension Determination Date.

--- Page 19 ---
19
In these circumstances, on the Extension Determination Date the Guarantor shall 
pay (i) Guaranteed Amounts constituting the Scheduled Interest in respect of each 
such Covered Bond and (ii) to the extent that the Guarantor has sufficient 
Available Funds (as defined below), in part and pro rata (after paying or providing 
for payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments) the Final Redemption Amount in respect o f the 
Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds. The obligation of the Guarantor to pay any 
amounts in respect of the balance of the Final Redemption A mount not so paid 
shall be deferred as described above. 
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically until the applicable 
Extended Maturity Date, provided that, any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid 
by the Guarantor on any Scheduled Payment Date thereafter according to the 
relevant Final Terms, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid amount up to the 
Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 8 (b) (Extension of 
maturity). 
Ranking of the 
Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, guaranteed by the Guarantor and will 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves, except in respect o f 
maturities of each Series or Tranche, and (save fo r any applicable statutory 
provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured, 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the same maturity of each Series 
or Tranche of the Covered Bonds, from time to time outstanding. 
Recourse 
In accordance with the legal framework established by Law 130/99 and the Decree 
of the Ministry of Economy and Finance No. 310 of 14 December 2006 (the “MEF 
Decree”) and with the terms and conditions of the relevant Transaction 
Documents (as defined below), the Bondholders will benefit from recourse on the 
Issuer and limited recourse on the Guarantor.  
See section “Credit Structure”, below. 
Provisions of 
T ransaction 
Documents 
The Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to 
have notice of, all provisions of the Transaction Documents applicable to them. In 
particular, each Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds, recognises the 
Representative of the Bondholders as its representative and accepts to be bound 
by the terms of each of the Transaction Documents signed by the Representative 
of the Bondholders as if such Bondholder was a signatory thereto. 
Conditions 
Precedent to the 
Issuance of a new 
Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will be entitled to (but not obliged to) at its o ption, o n any date and 
without the consent of the holders of the Covered Bonds issued beforehand and o f 
any other creditors of the Guarantor or of the Issuer, issue further Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds other than the first issued Series or Tranche, subject to:  
(i) 
compliance with the requirements of issuing banks (Requisiti delle banche 
emittenti; see Section II, Paragraph 1 of the BoI Regulations); and  
(ii) 
satisfaction of the Mandatory Tests and the A sset Coverage Test with 
reference to the immediately preceeding Collection Period and

--- Page 20 ---
20
immediately after such further issue; and 
(iii) 
no Issuer Event of Default (as defined below) having occurred. 
(collectively, the “Issuance Test”) 
The payment obligations under the Covered Bonds issued under all Series shall be 
cross-collateralised by all the assets included in the Cover Po ol, through the 
Guarantee (as defined below)  
See also Section Ranking of the Covered Bonds, below. 
Listing and 
Admission to 
trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange fo r the Covered 
Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market.  
Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, o n o ther 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers in relation to the Series or Tranche. Covered Bo nds which are neither 
listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Covered Bo nds 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges 
and/or markets. The Registered Covered Bonds will not be listed and/or admitted 
to trading on any market. 
Settlement 
Monte Titoli /Euroclear / Clearstream. 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a clearing system. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bo nds) and the related 
Transaction Documents will be governed by Italian law, except fo r the Swap 
Agreements and the Deed of Charge, which will be governed by English law. 
The Registered Covered Bonds (Namensschuld verschreibungen) will be governed 
by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany save that, in any c ase, certain 
provisions (including those relating to status, limited recourse of the Registered 
Covered Bonds and those applicable to the Issuer and the Portfolio) shall be 
governed by Italian law. 
Ratings 
Each Series or Tranche issued under the Programme may or may not be assigned a 
rating by the Rating Agency as specified in the relevant Final Terms o n the 
relevant Issue Date. As at the date of the Base Prospectus S&P Glo bal Ratings, 
acting through S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) rated Mediobanca “A-
2” (short-term debt), “BBB” (long-term debt) with a “positive” outlook; Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) rated Mediobanca “F3” (short-term debt), 
“BBB” (long-term debt) with a “stable” outlook and Moody’s France S.A.S. 
(“Moody’s”) rated Mediobanca “Baa1” (long-term debt) with “stable” o utlook – 
see 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-
rating/rating.html. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a Series o f Covered

--- Page 21 ---
21
Bonds will be (i) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No . 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 o n credit rating 
agencies as from time to time amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) o r by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (ii) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”) and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2019 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”) or by or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. In 
general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA  Regulation 
unless unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the European Union but endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA  
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Purchase of the 
Covered Bonds by 
the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase any Covered Bonds in the o pen market o r 
otherwise and at any price.  
3. GUARANTEE 
Security for the 
Covered Bonds 
In accordance with Law 130/99, by virtue of the Guarantee, the Bondholders will 
benefit from a guarantee issued by the Guarantor which will, in turn, hold a 
portfolio of receivables transferred by the Seller and Additional Sellers, if any, 
consisting of Eligible Assets and Integration Assets (as defined below). 
T he Eligible Assets 
The receivables forming part of the Cover Pool may consist of:  
(i) the Residential Mortgage Loans (as defined below); 
(ii) the Commercial Mortgage Loans (as defined below); 
(iii) the Public Assets (as defined below); and 
(iv) the Asset Backed Securities (as defined below), 
(collectively, the “Eligible Assets”). 
T he Guarantee 
Under the terms of the Guarantee, the Guarantor will be obliged to pay 
Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds o n the relevant Due fo r 
Payment Date (as defined therein).

--- Page 22 ---
22 
In view of ensuring timely payment by the Guarantor, an Issuer Default Notice (as 
defined below) will be served on the Guarantor by the Representative of 
Bondholders as a consequence of an Issuer Event of Default.  
The obligations of the Guarantor to make payments in respect of the Guaranteed 
Amounts when due for payment are subject to the conditions that an Issuer Event 
of Default has occurred, an Issuer Default Notice has been served o n the Issuer 
and on the Guarantor. The obligations o f the Guarantor will accelerate with 
respect to all Guaranteed Amounts once a Guarantor Default No tice has been 
delivered to the Guarantor. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall constitute a first 
demand, unconditional and independent guarantee (garanzia autonoma) and 
certain provisions of the Italian Civil Code relating to no autonomous personal 
guarantees (fidejussioni), specified in the MEF Decree, shall not apply. 
Accordingly, the obligations shall be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
obligations of the Guarantor, with limited recourse to the Available Funds (as 
defined below), irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of 
any of the guaranteed obligations of the Issuer. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents –Guarantee”, below. 
4. ISSUER EVENTS OF DEFAULT, GUARANTOR EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND PRI ORITIES 
OF PAYMENTS 
Issuer Events of 
Default 
If during the Programme, any of the following events occurs:  
(a) 
Non payment: Default is made by the Issuer (a) for a period of 14 days o r 
more in the payment of any principal or redemption amount due o n the 
relevant CB Payment Date in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series, 
or (b) for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any interest 
amount due on the relevant Issuer Payment Date in respect of the Covered 
Bonds of any Series; 
(b) 
Breach of Tests: Following the delivery of a Breach o f Test Notice, the 
Mandatory Test and the Asset Coverage Test have not been cured within 
the immediately succeeding Calculation Date; or  
(c) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer has incurred into a material 
default in the performance or observance of any of its obligations under or 
in respect of the outstanding Covered Bonds of any Series (other than any 
obligation for the payment of principal, redemption amount or interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series and/or any o bligation to 
ensure compliance of the Cover Pool with the Mandatory Test and the 
Asset Coverage Test) or any other Transaction Do cument to which the 
Issuer is a party and (unless certified by the Representative of the 
Bondholders, in its sole opinion, to be incapable of remedy) such default 
remains unremedied for more than 30 days after the Representative of the 
Bondholders has promptly given written notice thereof to the Issuer, 
certifying that such default is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Bondholders and specifying whether or not such default is

--- Page 23 ---
23 
capable of remedy; or 
(d) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Issuer;  
(e) 
Suspension of payments: a resolution pursuant to Article 7 4 of the 
Banking Act is issued in respect of the Issuer; 
(each, an “Issuer Event of Default”), then the Representative of the 
Bondholders: 
will serve a notice (the “Issuer Default Notice”) on the Issuer and Guarantor 
that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred. It being understood that a breach o f 
the Mandatory Test and the Asset Coverage Test constitutes an Issuer Event o f 
Default unless the Representative o f the Bo ndholders, having exercised its 
discretion, resolves otherwise or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed resolving 
otherwise. 
Upon the service of an Issuer Default Notice:  
(a) 
No further issue: no further Series of Covered Bonds may be issued by the 
Issuer; 
(b) 
Acceleration against the Issuer: all Series of Covered Bonds will become 
immediately due and payable by the Issuer and they will rank pari passu 
among themselves against the Issuer; 
(c) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Bondholders may, at its discretion 
and without further notice, take such steps and/or institute such 
proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the payments 
due by the Issuer, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceeding or 
steps unless requested or authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution o f 
the Bondholders; 
(d) 
Guarantee: without prejudice to paragraph (b) (Acceleration against the 
Issuer) above, interest and principal falling due on the Covered Bonds will 
be payable by the Guarantor at the time and in the manner provided 
under these Conditions, subject to and in accordance with the terms of the 
Guarantee and the relevant Priority of Payments; 
(e) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall sell the Eligible Assets and the 
Integration Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
Portfolio Management Agreement; 
(f) 
Tests: the Amortisation Test shall apply;  
provided that, (A) in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under 
paragraph (d) (Insolvency) above, (i) the payments due by the Issuer in favour of 
the Bondholders under the Terms and Conditions shall be directly made by the 
Guarantor on any Scheduled Due for Payment Date under the Guarantee and (ii) 
the Guarantor shall exercise, on an exclusive basis and in compliance with the 
provisions of art. 4 of the MEF Decree, the rights of the Bondholders against the 
Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Available 
Funds; and (B) in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under paragraph

--- Page 24 ---
24 
(e) (Suspension of payments) above, the effects listed in items (a) (No further 
issue), (d) (Guarantee) and (e) (Disposal of Assets) will only apply for as lo ng as 
the suspension of payments will be in force and effect (the “Suspension 
Period”); being understood that the effects listed in items (b) (Acceleration 
against the Issuer), (c) (Enforcement) and (f) (Tests) will no t be applicable. 
Accordingly (i) the Guarantor, in accordance with MEF Decree, shall be 
responsible for the payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered 
Bonds during the Suspension Period and (ii) at the end of the Suspension Period 
the Issuer shall be responsible for meeting the payment o bligations under the 
Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of doubts, the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding will not be deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer). 
Guarantor Events 
of Default 
If, during the Programme, any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Non payment: default is made by the Guarantor for a period of 14 days or 
more in the payment by the Guarantor of any amounts due for payment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series; or 
(ii) 
Breach of Test: on any Calculation Date a breach of the Amortisation Test 
occurs (to the extent that such breach has not been cured within the 
following Calculation Date); or 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligations: default is made in the performance by the 
Guarantor of any material obligation under or in respect o f the Covered 
Bonds of any Series (other than any obligation for the payment of 
principal, redemption amount or interest in respect of the Covered Bo nds 
of any Series and/or any obligation to ensure c ompliance of the Cover 
Pool with the Amortisation Test) or any other Transaction Do cument to 
which the Guarantor is a party and (unless certified by the Representative 
of the Bondholders, in its sole opinion, to be incapable o f remedy) such 
default remains unremedied for more than 30 days after the 
Representative of the Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the 
Guarantor, certifying that such default is, in its opinion, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders and specifying whether or 
not such default is capable of remedy; or  
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Guarantor; 
(each, a “Guarantor Event of Default”) 
then the Representative of the Bondholders (a) in cases under (i), (ii) and (iv) 
above, may but shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Bondholders, and (b) in case under (iii) above, shall, if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Bondholders, serve to the Issuer, the Seller and 
the Guarantor a notice declaring that a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred 
(the “Guarantor Default Notice”).  
Upon the service of the Guarantor Event of Default: 
(a) 
Acceleration of the Covered Bonds: all Series o f Covered Bo nds then 
outstanding will become immediately due and payable by the Guarantor 
and will rank pari passu among themselves in accordance with the Po st

--- Page 25 ---
25
Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments; 
(b) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall immediately sell all assets included 
in the Cover Pool in accordance with the procedures set out in the Portfolio 
Management Agreement; 
(c) 
Guarantee: the Representative o f the Bo ndholders, subject to and in 
accordance with the terms of the Guarantee, on behalf of the Bondholders, 
shall have a claim against the Guarantor for an amount equal to the 
Principal Amount Outstanding o n each Covered Bo nd, together with 
accrued interest and any other amount due under the Covered Bonds (other 
than additional amounts payable under Condition 10(a) (Gross up by the 
Issuer)) in accordance with the Post Guarantor Event of Default Priority o f 
Payments; and  
(d) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Bondholders may, at its discretion 
and without further notice, take such steps and/or institute such 
proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) as it 
may think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall no t be bound to take 
any such proceedings or steps unless requested or authorised by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Bondholders and then only if it is 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction.  
Cross Acceleration 
After the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice with respect to a Series or 
Tranche, all Series or Tranche of Covered Bo nds then o utstanding will cross 
accelerate at the same time against the Guarantor. 
Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest 
Priority of 
Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice, 
the Guarantor will use Interest Available Funds to make payments in the order o f 
priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a 
higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
first, to pay pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof any and all Taxes due and payable by the Guarantor, to the extent 
that such sums are not met by utilising the amounts standing to the credit 
of the Expenses Account; 
(ii) 
second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof any Guarantor's documented fees, costs, expenses, in 
order to preserve its corporate existence, to maintain it in good standing 
and to comply with applicable legislation (the “Expenses”); 
(iii) 
third, to credit into the Expenses Account the amounts necessary to 
replenish the Expenses Account up to the Retention Amount; 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay, in the fo llowing order any amount due and payable 
(including fees, costs and expenses) to the extent that these are not paid 
by the Issuer to: 
(A) 
the Representative of the Bondholders, 
(B) 
pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Corporate

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Account Bank, the Registered 
Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), the Paying Agent, 
the Interest Determination Agent, the Investment Manager and 
the Servicer; 
(v) 
fifth, to pay any interest amount due to the Cover Pool Swap 
Counterparties, including any termination payment due and payable by 
the Guarantor, except the Excluded Swap Termination Amount;  
(vi) 
sixth, to pay any interest amounts due to the Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparties, pro rata and pari passu in respect o f each relevant 
Covered Bond Swap (including any termination payment due and payable 
by the Guarantor except the Excluded Swap Termination Amounts); 
(vii) 
seventh, to credit to the Reserve Account an amount required to ensure 
that the Reserve Account is funded up to the Required Reserve Amount, 
as calculated on the immediately preceding Calculation Date; 
(viii) 
eighth, to allocate to the credit o f the Principal Available Funds an 
amount equal to the amounts paid under item (i) of the Pre-Issuer Event 
of Default Principal Priority of Payments in the preceding Guarantor 
Payment Dates; 
(ix) 
ninth, any Base Interests due and payable on each Guarantor Payment 
Date to the Seller pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, provided that the Asset Coverage Test and the Mandatory 
Test are satisfied on such Guarantor Payment Date and further provided 
that interests on the related Series of Covered Bonds have been paid by 
the Issuer on such Guarantor Payment Date (if any); 
(x) 
tenth, to pay pro rata and pari passu in accordance with the respective 
amounts thereof any Excluded Swap Termination Amount; 
(xi) 
eleventh, to pay any other amount due and payable under the 
Transaction Documents, to the extent not already paid under other items 
of this Priority of Payments (other than amounts referred to under the 
following item (xii)); 
(xii) 
twelfth, to pay any Premium Interests on the Subordinated Loan, 
provided that no breach of the Asset Coverage Test and the Mandatory 
Test has occurred and is continuing.  
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment”). 
Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Principal 
Priority of 
Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice, 
the Guarantor will use Principal Available Funds to make payments in the order of 
priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a 
higher priority have been made in full):  
(i) 
first, to allocate the Interest Shortfall Amount to the Interest Available 
Funds; 
(ii) 
second, to pay (a) any principal amounts (if any) due and payable to the

--- Page 27 ---
27
relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparties pro rata and pari passu in 
respect of each relevant Covered Bond Swap in accordance with the terms 
of the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement and (b) any principal 
amounts (if any) due and payable to the relevant Cover Pool Swap 
Counterparties pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Cover 
Pool Swap Agreement in accordance with the terms of the relevant Cover 
Pool Swap Agreement; 
(iii) 
third, to acquire Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets (other than 
those funded through the proceeds of the Subordinated Loan); 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay any amounts (in respect of principal) due and payable under 
the Subordinated Loan provided that in any case the Asset Coverage Test 
and the Mandatory Tests are satisfied and/or, where applicable, further 
provided that no amounts shall be applied to make a payment in respect of 
the Subordinated Loan if the principal amounts o utstanding under the 
relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds which have fallen due fo r 
payment on such Guarantor Payment Date have not been repaid in full by 
the Issuer.  
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments”). 
Post-Issuer Event 
of Default Priority 
of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following an Issuer Event of Default, but prior 
to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the Guarantor will use the 
Available Funds, to make payments in the order of priority set out below (in each 
case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in 
full): 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, any Expenses and Taxes, in o rder to preserve its corporate 
existence, to maintain it in good standing and to comply with applicable 
legislation; 
(ii) 
second, to pay, in the following order, any amount due and payable to: 
(A) 
the Representative of the Bondholders, 
(B) 
pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Account Bank, the Paying Agent, 
the Interest Determination Agent, the Investment Manager, the 
Registered Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any),the 
Portfolio Manager (if any) and the Servicer; 
(iii) 
third, to credit into the Expenses Account the amounts necessary to 
replenish the Expenses Account up to the Retention Amount; 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay pro rata and pari passu:  
a) 
interest payments due to the Swap Counterparties (including any 
termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor but

--- Page 28 ---
28
excluding any Excluded Swap Termination Amount); and 
b) 
Interest due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect o f 
each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
fifth, to pay pro rata and pari passu:  
a) 
principal payments (if any) due to the Swap Co unterparties 
(including any termination payment due and payable by the 
Guarantor but excluding any Excluded Swap Termination 
Amount); and 
b) 
principal due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect o f 
each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
(vi) 
sixth, once payments from item (i) to (v) have been made in full, to credit 
the Transaction Account with the remaining available funds up to an 
amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount in respect o f each 
outstanding Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
(vii) 
seventh, after each Series or Tranche of Covered Bo nds has been fully 
repaid or repayment in full of the Covered Bonds has been provided fo r 
(such that the Required Redemption Amount has been accumulated in 
respect of each outstanding Series or Tranche of Covered Bo nds under 
the preceding item (vi)) to pay pro rata and pari passu, any Ex cluded 
Swap Termination Amount due and payable by the Guarantor; 
(viii) 
eighth, once payments from item (i) to (vii) have been made in full, to pay 
any other amount due and payable under the Transaction Documents, to 
the extent not already paid under other items of this Priority of 
Payments; 
(ix) 
ninth, to repay in full the amounts outstanding and to pay any Base 
Interests under the Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
(x) 
tenth, to pay any Premium Interests under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
(the “Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments”). 
Eligible 
Investments 
The Investment Manager may invest funds standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account and the Reserve Account in the Eligible Investments (as 
defined below). 
Post-Guarantor 
Event of Default 
Priority of 
Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following a Guarantor Event o f Default, the 
Available Funds will be used to make payments in the o rder o f priority set o ut 
below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority 
have been made in full):  
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, any Expenses and Taxes, in o rder to preserve its corporate 
existence, to maintain it in good standing and to comply with applicable 
legislation;

--- Page 29 ---
29 
(ii) 
second, to pay, in the following order, any amount due and payable to: 
(A) the Representative of the Bondholders, 
(B) pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Co rporate 
Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Account Bank, the Paying Agent, 
the Interest Determination Agent, the Investment Manager, the 
Registered Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), the Portfolio 
Manager (if any) and the Servicer; 
(iii) 
third, to credit into the Expenses Account the amounts necessary to 
replenish the Expenses Account up to the Retention Amount; 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay pro rata and pari passu:  
a) 
principal and interest payments due to the Swap Co unterparties 
(including any termination payment due and payable by the 
Guarantor but excluding any Excluded Swap Termination 
Amount); and 
b) 
principal and interests due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in 
respect of each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
fifth, to pay pro rata and pari passu any Excluded Swap Termination 
Amount due and payable by the Guarantor; 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay any other amount due and payable under the Transaction 
Documents, to the extent not already paid under o ther items o f this 
Priority of Payments;  
(vii) 
seventh, to repay in full the amounts outstanding and to  pay any Base 
Interests under the Subordinated Loan Agreement;  
(viii) 
eighth, to pay any Premium Interests under the Subordinated Lo an 
Agreement. 
(the “Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments” and, 
together with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments, 
the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments, are collectively 
referred to as the “Priorities of Payments”). 
5. CREATION AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE COVER POOL 
T ransfer of the 
Receivables 
On 30 November, 2011 the Seller and the Guarantor entered into a master 
purchase agreement (as amended and supplemented from time to time, and 
restated on 18 November 2021 in order to consolidate all the amendments agreed 
by means of the Amendment Agreements, the “Master Purchase Agreement”) 
pursuant to which (a) the Seller transferred to the Guarantor an initial portfolio 
comprising Residential Mortgage Loans (the “Initial Portfolio”) and the parties 
agreed on the terms and conditions under which (b) the Seller may transfer to the 
Guarantor subsequent portfolios of Eligible Assets in order to c ollateralise and

--- Page 30 ---
30
allow the issue of further series or tranches o f Covered Bo nds by the Issuer, 
subject to the limits to the assignment of further Eligible Assets set fo rth by the 
BoI Regulations (each, a “Subsequent Portfolio”), (c) the Guarantor, until an 
Issuer Event of Default has occurred, may purchase from the Seller further 
portfolios of Eligible Assets in order to invest the Principal Available Funds, 
subject to the Limits to the Assignment, provided that there are sufficient 
Principal Available Funds to be applied in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Principal Priority of Payments (each, a “Further Portfolio”) and (d) the 
Seller may assign and transfer to the Guarantor from time to time further Eligible 
Assets and/or Integration Assets in order to ensure compliance with the Tests in 
accordance with the Portfolio Management Agreement.  
Pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement, and subject to the conditions 
provided therein, the Seller shall be allowed to repurchase Eligible Assets which 
have been assigned to the Guarantor. 
The Eligible Assets and the Integration Assets will be assigned and transferred to 
the Guarantor without recourse (pro soluto) in accordance with the Covered 
Bonds Law and subject to the terms and conditions o f the Master Purchase 
Agreement. 
Under the Master Purchase Agreement, the Seller has made certain 
representations and warranties regarding itself and the Eligible Assets transferred 
from time to time to the Guarantor. 
General Criteria 
Each of the receivables deriving from the Mortgage Loans fo rming part of the 
Cover Pool shall comply with all of the following criteria (the “Mortgage Loans 
General Criteria”): 
1. 
receivables arising from loans advanced by, or purchased by, CheBanca! 
S.p.A. (formerly Micos S.p.A. and Micos Banca S.p.A.);  
2. 
mortgage receivables, in respect of which the ratio between the loan’s 
amount outstanding added to the principal amount o utstanding of any 
higher ranking mortgage loans secured by the same property does not 
exceed on the Valuation Date 80 percent fo r the residential mortgage 
loans or 60 percent for the commercial mortgage loans, as the case may 
be, of the value of the property, in accordance with Ministry o f Economy 
and Finance Italian Decree 14 December 2006, No. 310; 
3. 
receivables that did not provide at the time o f disbursement fo r any 
subsidy or other benefit in relation to principal or interest (mutui 
agevolati); 
4. 
receivables that have not been granted to public entities (enti pubblici), 
clerical entities (enti ecclesiastici) or public consortium (consorzi 
pubblici); 
5. 
receivables that are not consumer loans (crediti al consumo);  
6. 
receivables that are not a mutuo agrario pursuant to Articles 43, 44 and 
45 of the Banking Act;

--- Page 31 ---
31
7. 
receivables that are secured by a mortgage created, in accordance with the 
laws and regulations applicable from time to time, over real estate assets 
sited in the Republic of Italy;  
8. 
receivables the payment of which is secured by a first ranking mortgage 
(ipoteca di primo grado economico), such term meaning (i) a first ranking 
mortgage or (ii) a second or subsequent ranking priority mortgage in 
respect of which (A) the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second o r 
subsequent mortgage has been formally consented by the relevant lender 
to the total cancellation; or (B) the obligations secured by the mortgage(s) 
ranking prior to such second or subsequent mortgage have been fully 
satisfied; or (C) the lender secured by the mortgage(s) ranking prior to 
such second or subsequent mortgage is CheBanca (even if the obligations 
secured by such ranking priority mortgage(s) have not been fully satisfied) 
provided that the relevant receivables secured by such second or 
subsequent ranking priority mortgages meet the Mortgage Loans General 
Criteria;  
9. 
receivables in respect to which the hardening period (periodo di 
consolidamento) applicable to the relevant mortgage has expired and the 
relevant mortgage is not capable of being cancelled pursuant to Article 67 
of Royal Decree 16 March 1942, No. 267 , as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time (the “Bankruptcy Law”) and, if 
applicable, of Article 39, fourth paragraph, of the Banking Act; 
10. 
receivables that are fully disbursed and in relation to which there is no 
obligation or possibility to make additional disbursement;  
11. 
receivables that, as of the transfer date, did not have any instalment 
pending for more than 30 days from its due date and in respect o f which 
all other previous instalments due before the transfer day have been fully 
paid; 
12. 
receivables that are governed by Italian Law; 
13. 
receivables that have been granted to individuals (persone fisiche) that as 
of the relevant Valuation Date were not employees of companies included 
in the Mediobanca Group or of the different bank originating the loans 
from which such receivables arise; 
14. 
receivables that are denominated in Euro (o r disbursed in a different 
currency and then re-denominated in Euro); 
15. 
receivables in respect of which at least one instalment (rata) is fallen due 
and paid, including in case of interest instalment; 
16. 
receivables related to loan agreements executed with borrowers that are 
resident in Italy.  
Each of the receivables deriving from the Public Assets which may form part of the 
Cover Pool shall comply with all of the following criteria (the “Public A ssets 
General Criteria”): loans granted to, or guaranteed by, and securities issued by, 
or guaranteed by, the entities indicated in Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (c ) o f the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
MEF Decree.  
Each of the receivables deriving from the Asset Backed Securities which may form 
part of the Cover Pool shall comply with all of the following c riteria (the “ABS 
General Criteria”): securities issued in the framework of securitisations having 
as underlying assets Mortgage Loans or Public Assets, pursuant to Article 2, 
paragraph 1, lett. (d) of the MEF Decree.  
The receivables comprised in each Subsequent Portfolio, in each Further Portfolio 
as well as the Eligible Assets transferred to the Guarantor in o rder to ensure 
compliance with the Tests shall also comply with the relevant Specific Criteria. 
“Specific Criteria” means, collectively, the Specific Criteria o f the Initial 
Portfolio and the Specific Criteria of the Subsequent and Further Portfolios. 
“Specific Criteria of the Initial Portfolio” means the criteria for the selection 
of the receivables included in the Initial Portfolio to which such c riteria are 
applied, set forth in Schedule 1, Part II, to the Master Purchase Agreement. 
“Specific Criteria of the Subsequent and Further Portfolios” means the 
criteria for the selection of the receivables to be included in the Subsequent 
Portfolios and/or Further Portfolios to which such criteria are applied, set forth in 
Schedule 1, Part III, to the Master Purchase Agreement. 
“General Criteria” means the Mortgage Loans General Criteria and/or the 
Public Assets General Criteria and/or the ABS General Criteria.  
In addiction to the General Criteria and the Specific Criteria, the Seller and the 
Guarantor may agree on applying to the Subsequent Portfolios and/or to the 
Further Portfolios further selection criteria, specifying them in the Schedule B to  
the relevant Transfer Proposal (the “Further Criteria”).  
“Criteria” means jointly the General Criteria, the Specific Criteria and (to the 
extent applicable) the Further Criteria. 
T ests 
T he Mandatory Tests 
Starting from the First Issue Date and until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the 
context of the Programme have been cancelled o r redeemed in full in 
accordance with the Conditions; and  
(ii) 
the date on which a Issuer Default Notice is served on the Guarantor as a 
consequence of an Issuer Event of Default, 
in compliance with the provisions of the Portfolio Management Agreement and 
the MEF Decree, the Issuer and the Seller undertake to procure that, with respect 
to the Cover Pool, each of the following tests is met: 
(i) 
the outstanding aggregate notional amount of the assets comprised in the 
Cover Pool shall be, at least equal to the aggregate notional amount o f all 
outstanding Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme; prior 
to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, this test will be deemed met to

--- Page 33 ---
33
the extent that the Asset Coverage Test is met (the “Nominal Value 
T est”); 
(ii) 
the net present value of the Cover Pool together with the expected cash 
flows to be received by the Guarantor under any hedging arrangement 
entered into in relation to the transaction (net of the transaction c osts to 
be borne by the Guarantor including the expected costs and costs o f any 
hedging arrangement entered into in relation to the transaction) shall be 
at least equal to the net present value of the outstanding Series of Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme (the “NPV Test”); 
(iii) 
the amount of interests and o ther revenues generated by the assets 
included in the Cover Pool (net of the transaction costs to be borne by the 
Guarantor including the expected costs and costs of any hedging 
arrangement entered into in relation to the transaction) taking into 
account the expected cash flows to be received by the Guarantor under any 
hedging arrangement entered into in relation to the transaction shall be at 
least equal to the interests and costs due by the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme (the “Interest Coverage Test” and, 
together with the Nominal Value Test and the NPV Test, the “Mandatory 
T est”). 
The Mandatory Tests will be made by CheBanca (the “Test Report Provider”) 
on any Calculation Date with reference to the last day of the preceding Collection 
Period. 
T he Asset Coverage Test  
Starting from the First Issue Date and until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the 
context of the Programme have been cancelled o r redeemed in full in 
accordance with the Conditions; and  
(ii) 
the date on which a Issuer Default Notice is served on the Guarantor as a 
consequence of an Issuer Event of Default, 
the Issuer and the Seller undertake to procure that on any Calculation Date the 
Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds. For a more detailed description, see 
section “Credit structure”. 
T he Amortisation Test 
For so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, on each Calculation Date 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default but prior to a Guarantor 
Event of Default, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount shall be equal to 
or higher than the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bo nds (the 
“Amortisation Test”). 
For a more detailed description, see section “Credit structure - Tests”.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
T est Performance Report 
Compliance with the Tests will be verified by the Test Report Provider o n each 
Calculation Date (with reference to the last day o f the immediately preceding 
Collection Period) and on any other date on which the verification of the Tests is 
required pursuant to the Transaction Documents. The calculations performed by 
the Test Report Provider in respect of the Tests will be tested from time to time by 
the Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement and the Engagement Letter, as the case may be.  
On any Calculation Date, the Test Report Provider shall prepare and deliver to the 
Issuer, the Seller (and any Additional Seller, if any), the Guarantor, the Servicer, 
the Representative of the Bondholders, the Asset Monitor and the Rating Agency, 
a report setting out the calculations c arried o ut by it with respect o f (i) the 
Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the percentage of the Integration 
Assets (taking into account the Liquidity) comprised in the Cover Pool, prior to the 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice and (ii) the Amortisation Test, following an 
Issuer Default Notice (the “Test Performance Report”). Such report shall 
specify the occurrence of a breach of the Mandatory Test and/or of the A sset 
Coverage Test and/or the Amortisation Test and/or the Integration Assets Limit. 
See section “Credit Structure – Tests”, below. 
Breach of the Tests 
Following the notification by the Test Report Provider, in the relevant Test 
Performance Report, of a breach of any Test, the Guarantor, shall purchase 
Eligible Assets from the Seller (and/or any Additional Seller, if any) and/or the 
Issuer in accordance with the Master Purchase Agreement and/or purchase, or 
invest in, Integration Assets, in order to ensure that, within the Test Grace Period, 
all Tests are satisfied with respect to the Cover Pool.  
Should the relevant breach have not been remedied prior to the expiry o f the 
applicable Test Grace Period, in accordance with the Article 4.1 o f the Po rtfolio 
Management Agreement, a Segregation Event has occurred and the 
Representative of the Bondholders shall serve a no tice (the “Breach of T est 
Notice”) to the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor. 
Upon the occurrence of a Segregation Event: 
(a) 
no further Series of Covered Bonds may be issued by the Issuer; 
(b) 
the purchase price for any Eligible A ssets o r Integration Assets to be 
acquired by the Guarantor shall be paid o nly using the proceeds o f a 
Subordinated Loan, except where the breach referred to in the Breach o f 
Test Notice is related to the Interest Coverage Test and may be c ured by 
using the Available Funds. 
It is understood that: 
(i) 
the consequences set out in paragraph (a) and (b) above shall be applied 
at any time if a Test is not compliant with the Covered Bonds Law and/or 
the provisions of the Portfolio Management Agreement;

--- Page 35 ---
35
 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Segregation Ev ent and until an Issuer 
Default Notice has been delivered, payments due under the Covered  
(iii) 
Bonds will continue to be made by the Issuer. 
After the service of a Breach of Test Notice to the Issuer, the Seller and the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor (or the Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor) may sell any 
Eligible Assets and Integration Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance 
with the rules set out in Article 5 and 6 of the Portfolio Management Agreement, 
provided that the Representative of the Bondholders has been duly informed.  
Once a Breach of Test Notice has been delivered to the Issuer, the Seller and the 
Guarantor, should the relevant Test has no t been remedied by the fo llowing 
Calculation Date, the Representative of the Bondholders shall deliver an Issuer 
Default Notice to the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor unless the 
Representative of the Bondholders, having exercised its discretion, resolves 
otherwise or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed resolving otherwise. 
After the service of an Issuer Default Notice to the Issuer, the Seller and the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor (or the Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor) shall sell 
any Eligible Assets and Integration Assets included in the Cover Pool in 
accordance with the rules set out in Article 5 and 6 of the Portfolio Management 
Agreement, provided that the Representative of the Bondholders has been duly 
informed.  
It being understood that should a breach of the Amortisation Test occur after an 
Issuer Event of Default, the Representative of the Bondholders may but shall, if so  
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Bondholders, serve to the Issuer, 
the Seller and the Guarantor the Guarantor Default Notice if such a breach is not 
cured within the following Calculation Date. 
After a Guarantor Event of Default, the Guarantor shall immediately sell (through 
the Portfolio Manager) all Eligible Assets and Integration Assets included in the 
Cover Pool in accordance with the procedures described in the Portfolio 
Management Agreement, provided that the Guarantor will instruct the Po rtfolio 
Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that such sale is carried o ut 
as quickly as reasonably practicable taking into account the market conditions at 
that time and subject to any right of pre-emption in favour of the Seller under the 
Master Purchase Agreement and the Portfolio Management Agreement.  
See section “Credit Structure – Tests” and section “Description of the Transaction 
Documents – Portfolio Management Agreement”, below. 
Role of the Asset 
Monitor 
The Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed upon procedures set o ut in an 
engagement letter entered into with the Issuer (the “Engagement Letter”). The 
Asset Monitor will also perform the other activities provided under the Asset 
Monitor Agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
6.  T HE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Master Purchase 
Agreement 
On November, 30 2011 the Seller and the Guarantor entered into a master 
purchase agreement (as amended and supplemtented from time to time, and 
restated on 18 November 2021 in order to consolidate all the amendments agreed 
by means of the Amendment Agreements, the “Master Purchase Agreement”), 
pursuant to which the Seller assigned and transferred, without recourse (pro 
soluto), to the Guarantor the Initial Portfolio, in accordance with the Covered 
Bonds Law. Pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement, the Seller and the 
Guarantor agreed that the Seller may assign and transfer Subsequent Portfolios 
and/or Further Portfolios to the Guarantor from time to time in the c ases and 
subject to the limits set out in the Master Purchase Agreement. 
See Sections “The Cover Pool” and “Description of the Transaction Do cuments - 
Description of the Master Purchase Agreement”. 
Subordinated Loan 
Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a subordinated loan agreement entered into on 
November, 30 2011 between the Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor (the 
“Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement”), the Subordinated Lender has 
undertaken to make available to the Guarantor a subordinated loan o f a total 
amount of Euro 2,000,000,000.00, for the purposes of (i) providing the 
Guarantor with the funds necessary to purchase the Initial Portfolio in the context 
of the first issue of Covered Bond and (ii) funding the purchase by the Guarantor 
of the Eligible Assets and Integration Assets in order to remedy (or prevent) a 
breach of the Tests. Under the Intercreditor Agreeement the parties have agreed 
that, within the context of the Programme, the Subordinated Lender may enter 
into subsequent subordinated loan agreements (the “Subsequent 
Subordinated Loan Agreements” and, together with the Initial Subordinated 
Loan Agreement, the “Subordinated Loan Agreements”) which will have 
substantially the same terms and conditions of the Initial Subordinated Lo an 
Agreement. 
The Guarantor will pay interest and/or Premium in respect of each Subordinated 
Loan but will have no liability to gross up for Tax. 
Payments from the Guarantor to the Seller under the Subordinated Loans will be 
limited recourse and subordinated and paid in accordance with the Priority o f 
Payments to the extent the Guarantor has available funds. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents – Initial Subordinated Loan 
Agreement”, below.  
Servicing 
Agreement and 
Collection Policies 
Pursuant to the terms of a servicing agreement entered into on 30 November, 2011 
(as amended and supplemtented from time to time, including by the amendment 
agreement entered into on 18 November 2021, the “Servicing Agreement”), the 
Servicer has agreed to administer and service the Assets comprised in the Cover 
Pool, on behalf of the Guarantor. 
The Servicer has undertaken, inter alia, to prepare and submit quarterly reports to 
the Guarantor, the Seller, the Issuer, the Asset Monitor, the Representative of 
Bondholders, the Swap Counterparty, the Corporate Servicer and the Calculation 
Agent, in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement, containing information as

--- Page 37 ---
37
to all the amounts collected from time to time by the Guarantor in respect of the 
Assets as principal, interest and/or expenses and any payment o f damages (the 
“Collections”), as a result of the activity of the Servicer pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement during the preceding Collection Period.  
See section “Description of the Transaction Documents - Servicing Agreement” 
and “Credit and Collection Policies”, below. 
Guarantee 
On or about the First Issue Date the Guarantor issued a guarantee securing the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds (the “Guarantee”), in 
accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bonds Law. 
See sections “Transaction Summary –Guarantee” and “Description of the 
Transaction Documents - Guarantee”, below. 
Corporate Services 
Agreement 
Pursuant to a corporate services agreement entered into on 17 June, 2020 (as 
amended and supplemtented from time to time, the “Corporate Services 
Agreement”), the Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide the Guarantor with 
certain administrative services, including the keeping of the corporate books and 
of the accounting and tax registers. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - Corporate Services Agreement”, 
below. 
Intercreditor 
Agreement 
Under the terms of an intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the First 
Issue Date (as amended and supplemented from time to time, and restated o n 18 
November 2021 in order to consolidate all the amendments agreed by means of 
the Amendment Agreements, the “Intercreditor A greement”) among, the 
Guarantor, the Quotaholders, the Seller, the Servicer, the Subordinated Lender, 
the Investment Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the 
Bondholders, the Asset Monitor, the Cover Pool Swap Provider, the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider, the Account Bank, the Paying Agents, the Test Report Provider, 
the Interest Determination Agent, the Corporate Servicer (collectively, with the 
sole exclusion of the Guarantor and the Quotaholders, the “Secured 
Creditors”), the parties agreed that all the Available Funds of the Guarantor will 
be applied in or towards satisfaction of the Guarantor's payment o bligations 
towards the Bondholders as well as the other Secured Creditors, in accordance 
with the relevant Priorities of Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the Bondholders 
will, subject to a Guarantor Event of Default having occurred, ensure that all the 
Available Funds are applied in or towards satisfaction of the Guarantor's payment 
obligations towards the Bondholders as well as the other Secured Creditors, in 
accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority o f Payments 
provided in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to each of the Bondholders and each of the 
other Secured Creditors will be limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor. The 
Secured Creditors will have a claim against the Guarantor only to the extent of the 
Available Funds, in each case subject to and as provided for in the Intercreditor 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents –Intercreditor A greement”, 
below. 
Cash Management 
Agreement 
In accordance with a cash management and agency agreement entered into on o r 
about the First Issue Date, among, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Servicer, the Seller, the Account Bank, the Investment Manager, the Cash 
Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Interest Determination A gent, the Paying 
Agent, the Test Report Provider and the Representative of the Bo ndholders (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, and restated on 18 November 2021 
in order to consolidate all the amendments agreed by means of the A mendment 
Agreements, the “Cash Management Agreement”), the Account Bank, the 
Paying Agents, the Interest Determination Agent, the Test Report Provider, the 
Investment Manager, the Cash Manager, and the Calculation Agent will provide 
the Guarantor with certain calculation notification and reporting services together 
with account handling and cash management services in relation to moneys from 
time to time standing to the credit of the Accounts. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement”, below. 
Asset Monitor 
Agreement 
In accordance with an asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the First 
Issue Date, among the Asset Monitor, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the 
Servicer, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Test Report Provider (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, and restated on 18 November 2021 
in order to consolidate all the amendments agreed by means of the A mendment 
Agreements, the “Asset Monitor Agreement”) the Asset Monitor will conduct 
independent tests in respect of the calculations performed by the Interest 
Determination Agent and Calculation Agent fo r the Tests, as applicable o n a 
quarterly basis, with a view to verifying the compliance by the Guarantor with 
such tests. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - Asset Monitor Agreement”. 
Portfolio 
Management 
Agreement 
By a Portfolio management agreement entered into on or about the First Issue 
Date, among, inter alia, the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Test Report 
Provider, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and the Representative o f the 
Bondholders (as amended and supplemented from time to time, and restated o n 
18 November 2021 in order to consolidate all the amendments agreed by means of 
the Amendment Agreements, the “Portfolio Management Agreement”), the 
Seller and the Issuer have undertaken certain obligations for the replenishment o f 
the Cover Pool in order to prevent and/or cure a breach of the Tests.  
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - Portfolio Management 
Agreement”, below. 
Quotaholders 
Agreement 
The quotaholders' agreement entered into on 18 November 2021 among the 
CheBanca and SPV Holding S.r.l. (as amended and supplemented from time to 
time, the “Quotaholders' Agreement”), contains provisions and undertakings 
in relation to the management of the Guarantor.  
See “Description of the Transaction Documents –Quotaholders’ A greement”,

--- Page 39 ---
39 
below. 
Deed of Pledge 
By a deed of pledge (the “Deed of Pledge”) executed by the Guarantor in the 
context of the Programme, the Guarantor has pledged in favour of the 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors all the monetary claims and rights 
and all the amounts payable from time to time (including payments for c laims, 
indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and guarantees) to which the Guarantor 
is entitled pursuant or in relation to the Transaction Documents (other than the 
English Law Documents and the Deed of Pledge), other than those to be received 
by the Guarantor under to the Subordinated Loan A greement, including the 
monetary claims and rights relating to the amounts standing to the c redit o f the 
Accounts (other than the Quota Capital Account) and any other account 
established by the Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of the Transaction 
Documents.  
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - Deed of Pledge”, below. 
Deed of Charge 
By a deed of charge (the “Deed of Charge”) executed by the Guarantor o n o r 
about the First Issue Date, the Guarantor has, with full title guarantee, assigned 
absolutely to the Representative of the Bondholders (acting as security trustee fo r 
the Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, the “Security T rustee”), by 
way of first fixed security, all of its rights under the Swap Agreements as security 
for the payment and discharge of its obligations under the Guarantee. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - Deed of Charge”, below. 
Programme 
Agreement 
By a programme agreement to be entered into on or about the First Issue Date 
among the Issuer, the Representative of Bondholders and the Dealers (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, and restated on 18 November 2021 
in order to consolidate all the amendments agreed by means of the A mendment 
Agreements, the “Programme Agreement”), the Dealers have been appointed 
as such. The Programme Agreement contains, inter alia, provisions for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Series or Tranche. By  a subscription 
agreement form of which is attached to the Programme Agreement, to be entered 
into within the Programme among the Issuer and the Dealers (the “Relevant 
Dealers”), the Relevant Dealers will agree to subscribe for the relevant tranche of 
Covered Bonds and pay the Issue Price subject to the conditions set o ut therein 
(the “Subscription Agreement”). 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - Description of the Programme 
Agreement”, below. 
Cover Pool Swap 
Agreements 
In order to hedge the interest rate risks related to the Cover Pool, the Guarantor 
may enter into one or more swap transactions with the relevant Cover Pool Swap 
Counterparty subject to an ISDA Master Agreement, the CSA  and the relevant 
confirmation (the “Cover Pool Swaps” and each a “Cover Pool Swap”).  
Covered Bond 
Swap Agreements 
In order to hedge the currency and/or interest rate exposure in relation to 
obligations under the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor may enter into o ne o r more 
swap transactions with the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, on or about

--- Page 40 ---
40
each Issue Date, subject to an ISDA Master Agreement, the CSA and the relevant 
confirmation (the “Covered Bond Swaps” and each a “Covered Bond 
Swap”).  
Provisions of 
T ransaction 
Documents 
The Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to 
have notice of, all provisions of the Transaction Documents applicable to them. In 
particular, each Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds, recognises the 
Representative of the Bondholders as its representative and accepts to be bound 
by the terms of each of the Transaction Documents signed by the Representative 
of the Bondholders as if such Bondholder was a signatory thereto.

--- Page 41 ---
41
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Covered Bonds is subject to a number o f risks. In purchasing Covered Bo nds, 
investors assume the risk that the Issuer and the Guarantor may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds.  
The Issuer and the Guarantor have identified and described in this section a number of factors which could 
materially adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due under the Covered Bo nds. 
Most of these factors are contingencies that may or may not occur.  However, the inability of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor to pay interest or repay principal on the Covered Bonds may occur for other reasons which 
may not be considered significant risks by the issuer and the Guarantor based on the information currently 
available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
The risks that are specific to the Issuer are presented in 3 categories and the risks that are specific to the 
Covered Bond are presented in 4 categories, in each case with the most material risk factor presented first 
in each category and the remaining risk factors presented in an order which is not intended to be indicative 
either of the likelihood that each risk will materialise or of the magnitude of its potential impact o n the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Prospective Bondholders should also read the detailed information set o ut elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference hereto) and the Transaction Documents 
and reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial legal and 
tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision.  
1. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER AND THAT MAY AFFECT THE 
ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE COVERED BONDS  
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
(A) 
Risk relating to the Issuer’s activities and the market where the Issuer operates;  
(B) 
Risk relating to the Issuer’s financial situation;  
(C) 
Risks relating to the legal and regulatory framework. 
(A)  
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER’S ACTIVITIES AND THE MARKET WHERE THE ISSUER OPERATES.  
Systemic risks in connection with the economic/financial crisis, the Covid-19 pandemic and 
the Russo-Ukrainian war  
The evolution of the macroeconomic scenario could negatively affect the economic and financial situation o f 
the Issuer and/or of the Mediobanca Group, and in particular its liquidity, profitability and capital so lidity, 
leading the Issuer and/or the Mediobanca Group to incur losses, increase the cost of financing and reduce 
the value of assets held.  
The Issuer’s performance is also influenced by the general economic situation, both national and fo r the 
Eurozone as a whole, and by the trend on financial markets, in particular by the solidity and growth 
prospects of the geographical areas in which the Issuer operates. The macroeconomic sc enario currently 
reflects considerable areas of uncertainty, in relation to: (a) the trends in the real economy with reference to 
the prospects of recovery and growth and/or resilience of growth in the economies o f Italy and o ther 
countries which have delivered growth, even substantial, in 2021; (b) future developments in the monetary 
policy of the European Central Bank for the Eurozone area, and the U.S. Federal Reserve Bo ard fo r the US 
dollar area, and the policies implemented by various c ountries to devalue their o wn c urrencies for 
competitive reasons; (c) the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries, and the tensions noted

--- Page 42 ---
42 
more or less frequently on financial markets. 
In this respect, the outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic, which began in China at the end of January 2020 and 
expanded globally in a few months, has had significant negative consequences on the overall scenario and in 
turn on the Italian banking sector in which the Issuer operates. Furthermore, the measures implemented by 
the competent authorities, and mainly the Italian Government, on the one side, helped facing the health 
emergency, while on the other had massive negative consequences in human, social and economic terms. 
Indeed, such measures led to a reduction in revenues on the majority of the corporate customers, an increase 
of costs related to the actions necessary to contain and prevent the spread of Covid-19 and, in turn, on the 
ability to pay existing debt (potentially also vis-à-vis the Issuer) and on current employment levels. Although 
the prosecution of effective vaccination campaign and the actions taken by the Italian government, the 
regulatory bodies of the European Union and the relevant member states to mitigate the negative impacts o f 
the anti-Covid-19 measures (including the adoption of the recovery plan named “NextGenerationEU”) has 
favoured, together with other factors, a significant economic recovery, significant uncertainties still remain 
about the evolution, severity and duration of the pandemic and its effect on the Issuer’s results. Should the 
Covid-19 pandemic and the consequent economic crisis situation persist in the forthcoming months, negative 
impacts may arise on the Issuer’s business situation, also due to the fact that such crisis situation increase the 
materiality of most of the risks to which the Issuer is exposed to, which are detailed below, and in turn the 
Group’s results and financial condition might be materially adversely affected. 
In addition, the Russia-Ukrainian war, which started in February 2022 with the invasion o f Ukraine by 
Russia, and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the 
United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security 
concerns that could have lasting impacts on regional and global economies. The extent of the consequences 
of this war with regard to energy price increases and inflation as a whole on the o ne hand and trade 
restrictions and sanctions on the other hand, but also counterreactions and the duration of such a conflict are 
not foreseeable at this time. This conflict could have significant adverse effects on European economy, the 
inflation and the stability of international financial markets. 
The Issuer's financial results are affected by changes in interest rates 
Fluctuations in interest rates in Italy and in the other markets in which the Mediobanca Group o perates 
influence the Mediobanca Group's performance. The results of the Issuer's banking operations are affected 
by its management of interest rate sensitivity (i.e., the relationship between changes in market interest rates 
and changes in net interest income).  A mismatch of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities in 
any given period, which tends to accompany changes in interest rates, may have a material effect o n the 
Issuer's financial condition or results of operations. 
The Issuer's financial results may be affected by market declines and volatility 
The results of the Issuer may be affected by general economic, financial and o ther business c onditions.  
During recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the 
Issuer's customers may default on their loans or other obligations.  Interest rate rises may also impact the 
demand for mortgages and other loan products. The risk arising from the impact o f the economy and 
business climate on the credit quality of the Issuer's borrowers and counterparties, including sovereign 
states, can affect the overall credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties. 
The Issuer is therefore exposed by its very nature to potential changes in the value of financial instruments, 
including securities issued by sovereign states, due to fluctuations in interest rates, exchange rates and 
currencies, stock market and commodities prices and credit spreads, and/or other risks.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
The Issuer is subject to credit risk and market risk 
Credit risk relates to the risk of loss arising from counterparty default or, more generally, from 
counterparties failure to perform their contractual obligations. The Issuer’s business depends on the 
creditworthiness of its borrowers and counterparties, including sovereign states, which c an affect the 
recoverability of loans and amounts due to the Issuer. Notwithstanding any policy implemented to hedge o r 
otherwise manage its exposure to credit risk, the Issuer may not have access to all relevant information 
regarding its customers and their financial position, before granting loans. A ny failure to properly 
understand the financial and economic profile of its customers could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business and financial results. In addition, during recessionary periods, there may be less demand fo r lo an 
products and a greater number of the Issuer's customers may default on their loans or other o bligations.  
Interest rate rises may also impact the demand for mortgages and other loan products. The risk arising from 
the impact of the economy and business climate o n the credit quality o f the Issuer's borrowers and 
counterparties, including sovereign states, can affect the overall credit quality and the recoverability of loans 
and amounts due from counterparties, with a consequent negative impact o n the Issuer’s business and 
financial results.  
Market risk relates to the risk arising from market transactions in connection with financial instruments, 
currencies and commodities.  The Issuer's trading revenues are dependent upon its ability to identify 
properly, and mark to market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused by c hanges in market 
prices or interest rates.  The credit and capital markets have been experiencing extreme volatility and 
disruption in recent months. To the extent that any of the instruments and strategies the Issuers use to hedge 
or otherwise manage their exposure to credit or capital markets risk are not effective, the Issuers may not be 
able to mitigate effectively their risk exposures in particular market environments or against particular types 
of risk. 
The Issuer's financial results also depend upon how effectively the Issuer determines and assesses the cost of 
credit and manages its credit risk and market risk concentration. In addition, due to market fluctuations, 
weak economic conditions and/or a decline in stock and bond prices, trading volumes o r liquidity, the 
Issuer’s financial results may also be affected by a downturn in the revenues deriving from its margin 
interests, principal transactions, investment banking and securities trading fees and brokerage activities.  
Risk relating to the Issuers investment banking and financial advisory activities 
The Issuer’s investment banking revenues, in the form of financial advisory and debt and equity 
underwriting fees, are directly related to the number and size o f the transactions in which the Issuer 
participates and may be impacted by continued or further credit market dislocations o r sustained market 
downturns. Sustained market downturns or continued or further credit market dislocations and liquidity 
issues would also likely lead to a decline in the volume of capital market transactions that the Issuer executes 
for its clients and, therefore, to a decline in the revenues that it receives from c ommissions and spreads 
earned from the trades the Issuer executes for its clients. Further, to the extent that potential acquirers are 
unable to obtain adequate credit and financing on favourable terms, they may be unable o r unwilling to 
consider or complete acquisition transactions, and as a result the Issuer’s merger and acquisition advisory 
practice would suffer. 
In addition, declines in the market value of securities can result in the failure of buyers and sellers o f 
securities to fulfil their settlement obligations, and in the failure of the Issuer’s clients to fulfil their c redit 
obligations. During market downturns, the Issuer’s counterparties in securities transactions may be less 
likely to complete transactions. Also, the Issuer often permits its clients to purchase securities on margin o r, 
in other words, to borrow a portion of the purchase price from the Issuer and collateralize the loan with a set 
percentage of the securities. During steep declines in securities prices, the value of the c ollateral securing

--- Page 44 ---
44 
margin purchases may drop below the amount of the purchasers’ indebtedness. If the clients are unable to 
provide additional collateral for these loans, the Issuer may lose money on these margin transactions. In 
addition, particularly during market downturns, the Issuer may face additional expenses defending o r 
pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client defaults.  
Risks connected to the presence of OTC derivatives in the Group’s portfolio  
The investors should note that the portfolio of the Group contains so-called “over the counter” (“OTC”) 
derivatives. The fair value of these OTC derivatives depends upon both the valuation and the perceived credit 
risk of the instrument insured or guaranteed or against which protection has been bought and the c redit 
quality of the protection provider. Market counterparties have been adversely affected by their exposure to 
residential mortgage linked products, and their perceived creditworthiness has deteriorated significantly 
since 2007. Although the Group seeks to limit and manage direct exposure to market counterparties, indirect 
exposure may exist through other financial arrangements and counterparties. If the financial c ondition o f 
market counterparties or their perceived creditworthiness deteriorates further, the Group may record further 
credit valuation adjustments on the underlying instruments insured by such parties. 
Any primary or indirect exposure to the financial condition or creditworthiness of these counterparties could 
have a material adverse impact on the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group. 
Risk relating to intense competition, especially in the Italian market, where the I ssuer h as 
the largest concentration of its business 
Competition is intense in all of the Mediobanca Group's primary business areas in Italy and the other 
countries in which the Issuer conducts its business. The Mediobanca Group derives most of its total banking 
income from its banking activities in Italy, a mature market where c ompetitive pressures have been 
increasing quickly.  If the Mediobanca Group is unable to continue to respond to the competitive 
environment in Italy with attractive product and service offerings that are profitable fo r the Mediobanca 
Group, it may lose market share in important areas of its business o r incur lo sses o n some o r all of its 
activities.  
The Issuer is subject to operational risk 
The Issuer, like all financial institutions, is exposed to many types of operational risk, including the risk o f 
fraud by employees and outsiders, unauthorised transactions by employees or operational errors, including 
errors resulting from faulty computer or telecommunication systems. The Issuer's systems and processes are 
designed to ensure that the operational risks associated with the Issuer's activities are appropriately 
monitored.  Any failure or weakness in these systems, however, could adversely affect the Issuer's financial 
performance and business activities. 
The Issuer’s operation is dependent upon the correct functioning of the IT systems, which 
m ight expose the Group to certain risks  
The Issuer’s operation depends on, among other things, the correct and adequate operation of the Issuer’s IT 
systems, as well as their continuous maintenance and constant updating. 
Although the Issuer has always invested significant resources in upgrading its IT systems and improving its 
defense and monitoring systems, possible risks remain with regard to the reliability o f the systems (e.g. 
disaster recovery), the quality and integrity of the data managed and the threats to which IT systems are 
subject, as well as physiological risks related to the management of software changes (change management), 
which could have negative effects on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Among the risks that the Issuer might face relating to the management o f IT systems are the possible

--- Page 45 ---
45
violations of its systems due to unauthorized access to the Issuer’s corporate network or IT resources, the 
introduction of viruses into computers or any other form of abuse committed via internet. Like attempted 
hacking, such violations have become more frequent over the years throughout the world and therefore c an 
threaten the protection of information relating to the Issuer and its customers and can have negative effects 
on the integrity of the Issuer’s IT systems, as well as on the confidence of its customers and o n the Issuer 
reputation, with possible negative effects on the Issuer’s business, results o f o perations and financial 
condition. 
In addition, the Issuer’s substantial investment in resources in software development creates the risk that 
when one or more of the above-mentioned circumstances occurs, the Issuer’s may suffer financial losses o r 
impacts on the Issuer’s operations if the software is destroyed or seriously damaged, or will incur repair costs 
for the violated IT systems.  
(B)  RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER’S FINANCIAL SITUATION  
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer will be unable to meet its obligations as they fall due, because o f its 
inability to obtain funding (i.e., funding liquidity risk) and/or because of its difficulties to sell assets without 
incurring in a capital loss due to the illiquid nature of the market (i.e., market liquidity risk). 
The liquidity of the Issuer may be affected by (i) national and international markets’ volatility; (ii) potential 
adverse developments of general economic, financial and other business c onditions; (iii) circumstances 
making the Issuer temporarily unable to obtain access to capital markets by issuing debt instruments; (iv) 
credit spreads; (v) regulatory developments in the prudential requirements field; and (vi) variations in the 
Issuer’s creditworthiness – which may affect the aforementioned market liquidity risk. All the above 
circumstances may derive from factors – as market disruptions – which do not depend on the Issuer’s  will, 
but may adversely affect its liquidity profile. 
Risks in connection with the exposure of the Group to Eurozone sovereign debt 
In carrying out its activities, the Group holds substantial volumes of public-sector bonds, including bonds 
issued by European countries. The Group’s total exposure in this respect as at 31 December 2021 is set out in 
the tables A.1.2a and A.1.2b of Part E on pages 239 and 240 o f the audited c onsolidated semi-annual 
financial statements of Mediobanca as at and fo r the year ended 31 December 2021 incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. This could give rise to operational disruptions to the Group’s business.  
Risks connected to a potential rating downgrade 
At the date of this Prospectus, Mediobanca is rated (i) BBB (po sitive o utlook) by S&P, (ii) BBB (stable 
outlook) by Fitch and (iii) Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody’s. Each of S&P, Fitch and Moody’s are established 
in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, (as 
amended from time to time) (the “CRA Regulation”) as set o ut in the list of c redit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to the CRA Regulation.  
A downgrade of Mediobanca’s rating (for whatever reason) might result in higher funding and refinancing 
costs for Mediobanca in the capital markets. In addition, a downgrade of Mediobanca’s rating may limit 
Mediobanca’s opportunities to extend mortgage loans and may have a particularly adverse effect o n 
Mediobanca’s image as a participant in the capital markets, as well as in the eyes of its clients. These factors 
may have an adverse effect on Mediobanca’s financial condition and/or the results of its operations. 
In addition, Mediobanca’s credit ratings are potentially exposed to the risk of reductions in the sovereign

--- Page 46 ---
46 
credit rating of the Republic of Italy. On the basis o f the methodologies used by rating agencies, any 
downgrades of Italy’s credit rating may have a potential knock-on effect on the credit rating of Italian issuers 
such as Mediobanca and make it more likely that the credit rating o f Covered Bo nds issued under the 
Programme are downgraded.  
(C)  
RISKS RELATING TO THE LEGAL AND REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
Changes in the Italian and European regulatory fram ework c ould adversely affect the 
Issuer's business 
The Issuer is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank o f Italy, the Co mmissione 
Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (the Italian securities market regulator or “CONSOB”), the European 
Central Bank and the European System of Central Banks.  
The banking laws to which the Issuer is subject govern the activities in which banks and fo undations may 
engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and limit their exposure to risk. In 
addition, the Issuer must comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. 
The regulatory framework governing the international financial markets is currently being amended, and 
new legislation and regulations are being introduced in Italy and could significantly alter the Issuer’s capital 
requirements. 
The supervisory authorities mentioned above govern various aspects o f the Issuer, which may include, 
among other things, liquidity levels and c apital adequacy, the prevention and combating of money 
laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in customer relations and registration 
and reporting obligations. In order to operate in compliance with these regulations, Mediobanca has in place 
specific procedures and internal policies. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be 
no assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect the Group’s results of 
operations, business and financial condition. The above risks are compounded by the fact that, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, certain laws and regulations have only been approved and the relevant 
implementation procedures are still in the process of being developed. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Package is intended to enable a range of actions to be 
taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms c onsidered to be at risk of 
failing. The implementation of the directive or the taking of any action u nder it could 
m aterially affect the value of the Covered Bonds 
Directive 2014/59/EU (the “BRRD”), as amended, inter alia, by Directive 2017/2399 (the “BRRD 
Amending Directive”) and Directive 2019/879 (the “BRRD II” and, jointly with the BRRD and the BRRD 
Amending Directive, the “BRRD Package”) provides for the establishment of an EU-wide framework fo r 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. The BRRD has been implemented in 
Italy through the adoption of the Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015. The Legislative Decree No. 
180/2015 (relating to resolution actions) has been recently revised with the Legislative Decree No. 193/2021, 
implementing BRRD II, which has been adopted to align the Italian legal framework to the provisions set 
forth in BRRD II concerning, inter alia, the MREL (as defined below) and the criteria according to which it is 
determined.  
The BRRD Package contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone o r in c ombination 
where the relevant resolution authority considers that: (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is 
no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure o f such 
institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: 
(i) 
sale of business − which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm o r the whole o r

--- Page 47 ---
47
part of its business on commercial terms;  
(ii) 
bridge institution − which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business o f the 
firm to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public 
control);  
(iii) 
asset separation − which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets to one o r more publicly 
owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a v iew to maximising their 
value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution 
tool only); and  
(iv) 
bail-in − which gives resolution authorities the power to write down c ertain claims o f unsecured 
creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims into shares or o ther 
instruments of ownership (i.e. shares, other instruments that confer ownership, instruments that are 
convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other instruments of ownership, and 
instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments o f o wnership) (the “General 
Bail-in Tool”), which equity could also be subject to any future application of the General Bail-in 
Tool. 
In addition to the General Bail-in Tool, the BRRD Package provides for resolution authorities to have the 
further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments such as subordinated 
notes at the point of non-viability and before or concurrently with any other resolution action is taken ("non-
viability loss absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of subordinated notes upon any such conversion 
into equity may also be subject to any application of the General Bail-in Tool.  
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD Package is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution and/or 
its group meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) o r that the 
institution or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down o r 
converted or extraordinary public support is to be provided and the appropriate authority determines that 
without such support the institution would no longer be viable.  
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the 
maturity of debt instruments and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under resolution or amend 
the amount of interest payable under such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period, except for those secured 
liabilities which are subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD. 
With the BRRD Amending Directive, a new harmonised national insolvency ranking o f unsecured debt 
instruments has been introduced in order to facilitate credit institutions’ issuance of such loss absorbing debt 
instruments, by creating, inter alia, a new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt instruments with a lower 
rank than ordinary senior unsecured debt instruments in insolvency. As part of this process, Article 108 o f 
the BRRD was amended in order to enhance the implementation of the bail-in tool and facilitate the 
application of the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities” (“MREL”) requirement 
concerning the loss absorption and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. A s 
such, the amendments provide an additional means for credit institutions and certain other institutions to 
comply with the forthcoming MREL requirement and improve their resolvability, without constraining their 
respective funding strategies. In Italy, the BRRD Amending Directive has been implemented by means of the 
Italian Law No. 205/2017, which introduced Article 12-bis in the Banking Act. 
The powers set out in the BRRD Package, as implemented, and the application of the MREL requirement 
impact credit institutions and investment firms and how they are managed as well as, in certain

--- Page 48 ---
48
circumstances, the rights of creditors, including holders of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  
Risk related to major regulatory changes 
In the wake of the global financial crisis that began in 2008, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
approved a number of capital adequacy and liquidity requirements (“Basel III”) aimed at reaching higher 
and better-quality capital and risk coverage and at implementing measures to promote the build-up of capital 
that can be drawn down in periods of stress, the introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-
based requirement as well as two global liquidity standards (the “Basel III Framework”). The Basel III 
Framework adopted a gradual approach, with the requirements to be implemented over time. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published a final set of amendments to its Basel III Framework (the 
“2017 Basel Agreement”), based on a very significant risk weighted assets (“RWAs”) variability agenda 
whose implementation has been postponed to 1 January 2023. This includes the Fundamental Review of the 
Trading Book, revised standardised approaches (e.g. credit, market, operational risk), constraints to the use 
of internal models as well as the introduction of a capital floor. The regulator’s primary aim is to eliminate 
unwarranted levels of RWA variance. The new setup will have a significant impact on risk modelling. From a 
credit risk perspective, an impact is expected both on c apital held against the exposures assessed via 
standardised approach and on those evaluated via an internal ratings based approach (“IRB”), due to  the 
introduction of capital floors that, according to the new framework, will be calculated based on the revised 
standardised approach. 
At the European level, the Basel III Framework began to be implemented through two separate legislative 
instruments: Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and o f the Co uncil o f 26 June 2013 o n 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision o f c redit institutions and 
investment firms (the “CRD IV Directive”) and Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms 
(the “CRR” and together with the CRD IV Directive, the “CRD IV”). 
Later, the CRD IV was revised, together with, the BRRD and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 (the “SRM 
Regulation”), following the adoption of a comprehensive reform package first announced by the European 
Commission in November 2016 (the “EU Banking Reform”). In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts 
of the EU Banking Reform were published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures consist of: 
• 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the CRD IV Directive as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial 
holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation 
measures (the “CRD V”); 
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to c entral counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements (the “CRR II”); 
• 
the BRRD II amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity o f 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; and 
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the SRM Regulation as regards the loss absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions 
and investment firms (the “SRMR II”). 
At national level, the legal acts of the EU Banking Reform have been implemented through the adoption o f 
Legislative Decree No. 182/2021, implementing CRD V and CRR II and Legislative Decree No. 193/2021 
transposing BRRD II and SRMR II.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Recently, in response to the Covid-19 pandemic, CRR and CRR II have also been amended by Regulation 
(EU) No. 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020 (the “CRR Quick Fix”). 
with the aim to introduce adjustments to mitigate the impact of the financial crisis arising from Covid-19 
pandemic, including temporary measures intended to enhance credit flows to companies and household and 
changes to regulatory requirements that affect supervisory reporting. 
These recently introduced reforms as well as other laws and regulations that may be adopted in the future 
could adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.  
In such a context, on 27 October 2021, the European Commission published, as part of a legislative package 
that includes also amendments to CRD IV, the proposal to amend the CRR II (the “CRR III”). In particular, 
the CRR III legislative initiative aims at implementing in the EU the 2017 Basel Agreement and further 
elements not included in such international framework contributing to financial stability and to the steady 
financing of the economy in the context of the recovery after the Covid-19 crisis. This general objective can be 
broken down in the following more specific objectives: 
• 
to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, without significant increases in capital requirements 
overall;  
• 
to enhance the focus on ESG risk in the prudential framework;  
• 
to further harmonise supervisory powers and tools;  
• 
to reduce institutions’ administrative costs related to public disclosure and to improve access to 
institutions prudential data; and  
• 
to insert in the CRR a dedicated treatment for the indirect subscription o f instruments eligible fo r 
internal MREL.  
These further regulatory changes could impact, inter alia, the entire banking system and consequently could 
determine changes in the capital calculation and increase capital requirements of the Issuer. 
Risks related to changes in fiscal law  
The Issuer is subject to risks associated with changes in tax law or in the interpretation of tax law, changes in 
tax rates and consequences arising from non-compliance with procedures required by tax authorities. In 
particular, the Issuer is required to pay Italian corporate income taxes (“IRES”) pursuant to Title II of Italian 
Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 December 1986 (i.e. the Consolidated Income Tax Law, or “TUIR”) and the 
Italian regional business tax (“IRAP”) pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 446 of 15 December 1997, and the 
amount of taxes due and payable by the Issuer may be affected by tax benefits from time to time available. 
The Issuer currently benefits from the favourable provisions introduced by way of article 1  of Italian Law 
Decree no. 201 of 6 December 2011, as time to time, concerning “economic-growth allowances” (aiuto alla 
crescita economica, or “ACE”). The ACE rules allow for a deduction from net income for the purposes of 
IRES of an amount computed by applying a notional yield at a rate o f 1 .3% from 2019 o nwards to the 
increase in net equity (the “ACE Base”). The ACE base is, for the first year of application of ACE (i.e. 2011), 
the amount of equity existing at close of that year less the amount of equity as of 31 December 2010 
(excluding profits earned in 2010) and, for subsequent years, the base carried forward from the previous 
year as adjusted (increased and reduced) to reflect components affecting equity. In accordance with article 3 
of the Italian Ministerial Decree of 3 August 2017 revising the implementing provisions o f the ACE 
legislation, if the amount of the notional yield (i.e. the ACE deduction) exceeds net income declared for a 
given tax year (the “Excess ACE”), such excess (i) may increase the amount deductible from income in 
subsequent tax years without time or amount limits, or (ii) may be converted into a tax credit calculated by 
applying the IRES tax rate, as per article 77 of the TUIR, to the Excess ACE amount and then utilised in five 
annual instalments of equal amount as an offset to IRAP up to the amount of tax due for the period. From 
time to time, the Italian budget law may also include provisions that affect the deductibility o f particular

--- Page 50 ---
50 
items that could result in an increase in the taxable income of the Issuer for IRES and/or IRAP purposes, 
either in general or for specific tax period(s). Furthermore, specific ACE anti-avoidance rules, in o rder to 
exclude duplicates of ACE benefit within a group o companies, apply (a case-by-case analysis should be 
performed). Law Decree no. 73 of 25 May 2021 introduced a measure aimed to strengthen the ACE benefit 
only for the fiscal year 2021. The rate of 1.3% has been increased to 15% for up to Euro 5 million of the 2021 
net equity increases (“Super ACE”). In particular, Super ACE is applicable to the net equity increases 
occurred in fiscal year 2021 compared to those existing at the end of fiscal year 2020. Any capital increase 
exceeding Euro 5 million benefits frm the ordinary ACE regime (at 1.3% rate). 
Any legislative changes affecting the calculation of taxes both as a result of the abovementioned reforms as 
well as of other laws and regulations could therefore have an impact on the Issuer's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
The Issuer may be affected by new accounting and regulatory standards 
Following the entry into force and subsequent application of new accounting standards and/or regulatory 
rules and/or the amendment of existing standards and rules, the Issuer may have to revise the accounting 
and regulatory treatment of some operations and the related income and expense, with potentially negative 
effects on the estimates contained in the financial plans for future years and with the need to restate already 
published financial statements. 
2. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE COVERED BONDS 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
(A) 
Risks which are material for assessing the market risks associated with the Covered Bonds; 
(B) 
Risks related to the Guarantor; 
(C) 
Risks related to the underlying; and 
(D) 
Risks related to the market. 
(A) 
RISKS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE 
COVERED BONDS 
Obligations to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, ranking pari passu 
without any preference amongst themselves and equally with its other direct, unsecured, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any claim directly against the Issuer in respect o f the Covered 
Bonds will not benefit from any security or other preferential arrangement granted by the Issuer. The 
Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Guarantee until the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service by the Representative of the Bondholders o f an Issuer 
Default Notice or, if earlier, following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service by the 
Representative of the Bondholders of a Guarantor Default Notice. The o ccurrence o f an Issuer Ev ent o f 
Default does not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. Pursuant to the Guarantee, following the service o f 
an Issuer Default Notice, but prior to the service o f a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall 
substitute the Issuer in every and all obligations of the Issuer vis-a-vis the Bondholders, so that in such a 
scenario the Bondholders would have only the right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the 
Scheduled Principal from the Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. However, failure by the 
Guarantor to pay amounts due under the Guarantee would constitute a Guarantor Event o f Default which

--- Page 51 ---
51
would entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to accelerate the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds (if they have not already become due and payable) and the obligations of the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee.  
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Arranger, Dealers, 
the Representative of the Bondholders or any other party to the Transaction Do cuments, their officers, 
members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate capacity for their obligations in respect of 
the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their respective o fficers, members, 
directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. 
Extendable obligations under the Guarantee  
With respect to the Series (or Tranche) of Covered Bonds in respect of which the Extended Maturity Date is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if the Guarantor is obliged under the Guarantee to pay a 
Guaranteed Amount and has insufficient funds available under the relevant priority of payments to pay such 
amount on the Extension Determination Date, then the obligation of the Guarantor to pay such Guaranteed 
Amounts shall automatically be deferred to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. However, to the extent the 
Guarantor has sufficient moneys available to pay in part the Guaranteed Amount in respect o f the relevant 
Series (or Tranche) of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall make such partial payment in accordance with the 
relevant Priorities of Payments, as described in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) on the relevant 
Maturity Date and any subsequent CB Payment Date falling prior to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
Payment of the unpaid amount shall be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity Date. 
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid Guaranteed Amount on the basis set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not set out therein, Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), mutatis mutandis. 
In these circumstances, except where the Guarantor has failed to apply money in accordance with the 
relevant Priorities of Payments in accordance with Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), failure by the 
Guarantor to pay the relevant Guaranteed Amount on the Maturity Date or any subsequent CB Payment Date 
falling prior to the Extended Maturity Date (or the relevant later date in case of an applicable grace period) 
shall not constitute a Guarantor Events of Default. However, failure by the Guarantor to pay any Guaranteed 
Amount or the balance thereof, as the case may be, on the relevant Extended Maturity Date and/or pay any 
other amount due under the Guarantee will (subject to any applicable grace period) constitute a Guarantor 
Events of Default. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds  
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series, but on different terms from each other, subject to the terms set out in 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of such Series. Covered Bonds of different Series will not be fungible 
among themselves. Series may be issued in more than one Tranche which are fungible among themselves 
within the Series and are identical in all respects, but having different issue dates, interest commencement 
dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments. All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank 
pari passu with each other in all respects and will share equally in the security granted by the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee. If an Issuer Event of Default and/or a Guarantor Event of Default occur and result in 
acceleration, all Covered Bonds of all Series will accelerate at the same time. 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common of such features:

--- Page 52 ---
52
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds generally will 
not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate o n the Covered Bo nds being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should c onsider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds which do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from their 
nominal value or premium from their principal amount. Such Covered Bo nds are characterised by the 
circumstance that the relevant bondholders, instead of benefitting from periodical interest payments, shall 
be granted an interest income consisting in the difference between the redemption price and the issue price, 
which difference shall reflect the market interest rate. A holder of a zero coupon covered bond is exposed to 
the risk that the price of such covered bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. Prices o f 
zero coupon covered bonds are more volatile than prices of fixed rate covered bonds and are likely to respond 
to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest bearing c overed bonds with a similar 
maturity. Generally, the longer the remaining terms of such Covered Bonds, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Variable Rate Covered Bonds with a multiplier or other leverage factor  
Covered Bonds with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps, floors or collars (or any combination of those features or o ther 
similar related features), their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not 
include those features. However investors should consider that the aforementioned multipliers o r o ther 
leverage factors (if any) will never be indexed to an underlying. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to c onvert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest 
rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds since the Issuer may be 
expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall c ost o f borrowing. If the Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bo nds may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates o n o ther Covered 
Bonds. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lo wer than then 
prevailing rates on its Covered Bonds.  
Fixed interest rate risks 
Investments in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involve the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. In particular, a potential increase in market 
interest rates may have an adverse impact on the liquidity or the market value of the Covered Bo nd (due to 
the difficulty to find potential purchasers of the Fixed Rate Covered Bond).

--- Page 53 ---
53
Floating rate risks 
Investments in Floating Rate Covered Bonds involve the risk for the Bondholders of fluctuating interest rate 
levels and uncertain interest earnings.  
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices fo r conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, c ommodity and foreign 
exchange rate index “benchmarks” 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed “benchmarks” are the 
subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. So me o f 
these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may c ause such 
“benchmarks” to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds 
linked to a “benchmark”, including on the value, liquidity or return on such Covered Bonds. 
Key international reforms of “benchmarks” include International Organisation of Securities Commision 
(“IOSCO”) ’s proposed Principles for Financial Market Benchmarks (July 2013) (the “IOSCO Benchmark 
Principles”) and Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts o r to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation 
(EU) No. 596/2014 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the 
UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed).   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing to a rate o r index deemed to be a "benchmark", 
including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a “benchmark” could not be used as such if its administrator does not o btain 
appropriate authorisations or is based in a non-EU or non-UK, as applicable, jurisdiction which 
(subject to any applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such event, 
depending on the particular “benchmark” and the applicable terms of the Covered Bonds, the Covered 
Bonds could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impactes; 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” related to a series o f Covered Bo nds could be 
changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable ans such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level of the “benchmark” or of affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
Separate workstreams are also underway in Europe to provide a fallback by reference to a euro riskfree rate 
(based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 1 3

--- Page 54 ---
54
September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro shortterm rate 
(“€ST R”) as the new risk free rate for the area euro. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 
2019. The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has also published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. Actually, although EURIBOR has been reformed in o rder 
to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to system how long it will 
continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative 
benchmark. It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will c ontinue 
to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past 
and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
The potential elimination of a “benchmark”, or changes in the manner of administration of any “benchmark”, 
could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect o f any 
Covered Bonds referencing such “benchmark”. Such factors may have the effect o f discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain “benchmarks”, trigger c hanges in the 
rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Covered Bonds. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting o f 
a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  Investors should c onsult their 
own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Covered Bonds referencing a “benchmark”.  
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of any applicable floating rate Covered Bonds o r any o ther Covered 
Bonds whose return is determined by reference to any “benchmark”, if the Issuer o r Calculation Agent 
determines at any time that the Relevant Screen Page on which the Reference Rate (as defined below) fo r 
such Covered Bonds appears has been discontinued or following the adoption of a decision to withdraw the 
authorisation or registration as set out in A rticle 35 o f the EU Benchmarks Regulation o r any o ther 
benchmark administrator previously authorized to publish any Replacement Reference Rate under any 
applicable laws or regulations, the Issuer will appoint a "Reference Rate Determination A gent" who will 
determine a replacement Reference Rate (the “Replacement Reference Rate”), as well as any necessary 
changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the 
day count fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment 
factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the Relevant Screen Page on which 
the Reference Rate appears. Such Replacement Reference Rate and any such other c hanges will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the 
Paying Agent and any other person and will apply to the relevant Covered Bonds without any requirement 
that the Issuer obtain consent of any Bondholders. 
The Replacement Reference Rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine o r 
measure. In addition, the replacement rate may perform differently from the discontinued benchmark.  
Moreover, any holders of such Covered Bonds that enter into hedging instruments based on the Relevant 
Screen Page on which appears the Reference Rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur 
costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the Replacement Reference Rate.

--- Page 55 ---
55
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent is unable to determine an appropriate Replacement Reference 
Rate for any discontinued Reference Rate or a decision to withdraw the authorization or registration as set 
out in Article 35 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or any o ther benchmark administrator previously 
authorized to publish any Replacement Reference Rate under any applicable laws or regulations is adopted 
but for any reason a Replacement Reference Rate is not determined, then the provisions for the 
determination of the rate of interest on the affected Covered Bonds will not be changed. In such c ases, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide that the relevant Interest Rate on such Covered Bo nds 
will be the last Reference 
Rate available for the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by 
the Interest Determination Agent, effectively converting such Covered Bonds into fixed rate Covered Bonds. 
Furthermore, in the event that no Replacement Reference Rate is determined by the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent and the affected Covered Bonds are effectively converted to fixed rate Covered Bonds as 
described above, investors holding such Covered Bonds might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, 
in a rising interest rate environment, holders of such Covered Bonds will not benefit from any increase in 
rates. The trading value of such Covered Bonds could therefore be adversely affected. 
Covered Bondholders are bound by Programme Resolutions 
Any Programme Resolution to direct the Representative of the Bondholders to take any enforcement action 
must be passed at a single meeting of the holders of all Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding as set 
out in the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders attached to the Conditions as Schedule 1 and cannot 
be decided upon at a meeting of Bondholders of a single Series. A Programme Resolution will be binding on 
all Bondholders including Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Bondholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Covered Bondholders are bound by certain decisions of the Representative of the 
Bondholders 
Pursuant to the Rules of Organisation of the Bondholders, the Representative o f the Bo ndholders may, 
without the consent or sanction of any of the Bondholders, concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and 
any other relevant parties in making or sanctioning any modifications to the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Bondholders, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents: 
(a) 
provided that in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders which may be based o n the 
advice of, or information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, tax advisor, Rating Agency 
or other expert, as described in the Conditions, such modification is not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of any of the Bondholders of any Series; or 
(b) 
which in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders which may be based on the advice of, 
or information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, tax advisor, Rating Agency o r o ther 
expert, as described in the Conditions, are made to correct a manifest error or an error established as 
such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Bondholders o r to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law. 
Ratings of the Covered Bonds may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. The ratings 
assigned to the Covered Bonds address:  
(i) 
the likelihood of full and timely payment to Bondholders of all payments o f interest o n each CB 
Payment Date; and

--- Page 56 ---
56
(ii) 
the likelihood of ultimate payment of principal to Bondholders on (a) the Maturity Date thereof or 
(b) if the Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Maturity Date in respect of the Guarantee in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms, on the Extended Maturity Date thereof. 
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms fo r each Series o r 
Tranche of Covered Bonds. Any rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, inter alia, in the 
sole judgment of the relevant rating agencies, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined o r is in 
question. If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value o f the 
Covered Bonds may be reduced.  
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A c redit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any 
time. 
Covered Bonds Law 
The Law 130/99 was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and amended to allow for the issuance of covered bonds in 
2005. The Law 130/99 was further amended during the following years, including by Legislative Decree no. 
190 of 5 November 2021 (the “Decree 190/2021”) implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of the Law 130/99 as it relates to  
covered bonds has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority, except for (i) the 
Decree of the Italian Ministry for the Economy and Finance No. 310 o f 1 4 December 2006 (the “MEF 
Decree”), setting out the technical requirements of the guarantee which may be given in respect of c overed 
bonds and (ii) the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy relating to c overed bonds under Part III, 
Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013, containing the “Disposizioni di v igilanza per le 
banche” as further implemented and amended (the “BoI Regulations”) concerning guidelines o n the 
valuation of assets, the procedure for purchasing integration assets and c ontrols required to ensure 
compliance with the legislation. Consequently, it is possible that such or different authorities may issue 
further regulations relating to the Law 130/99 as it relates to covered bonds or the interpretation thereof, the 
impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Decree 190/2021, implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162, was published in the Official Gazette no. 285 o f 
30 November 2021 and entered into force on 1 December 2021. In this respect, Italian legislator c hose to 
exercise the following options provided by Directive (EU) 2019/2162: (i) the possibility not to apply the 
liquidity requirement of the cover pool limited to the period covered by the liquidity requirement provided 
for in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered bonds with 
extendable maturity structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity requirement o f 
the cover pool in case of programs with extendable maturity by taking as a reference the final maturity date 
for the payment of principal. Moreover, the Decree 190/2021 designates the Bank of Italy as the c ompetent 
authority for the public supervision of the covered bonds, which is entrusted with the issuing o f the 
implementing regulations by 8 July 2022. In this respect, the provisions o f Law 130/99, as amended by 
Decree 190, will be applicable to covered bonds issuances as o f the date of the entry into fo rce o f the 
implementing measures as referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021. On the other hand, 
articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quarter of Law 130/99 (before being amended by Decree 190/2021) and the 
relevant implementing measures, will continue to apply to any series or tranche o f covered bonds issued 
before the entry into force of the implementing measures of Decree 190/2021. Consequently, it is possible 
that the issuance of such further regulations relating to Law 130/99, or the interpretation thereof, may have 
an impact which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 57 ---
57
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI Regulations require that certain controls be performed by the Issuer (see “Selected aspects of Italian 
law – Controls over the transaction”), aimed, inter alia, at mitigating the risk that any obligation o f the 
Issuer or the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds is not complied with. Whilst the Issuer believe they have 
implemented the appropriate policies and controls in compliance with the relevant requirements, investors 
should note that there is no assurance that such compliance ensures that the aforesaid controls are actually 
performed and that any failure to properly implement the relevant policies and c ontrols c ould have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor's ability to perform their o bligations under the Covered 
Bonds. However investors should consider that, in accordance with the BoI Regulations, a qualified entity 
(being an auditing firm) has been appointed as asset monitor in the context of the Programme to c arry o ut 
controls on the regularity of the transaction (regolarità dell’operazione) and the integrity of the Guarantee 
(integrità della garanzia) (see "Description of the Asset Monitor"). 
Tax consequences of holding the Covered Bonds - No Gross-up for Taxes 
Prospective investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Covered Bonds and consult 
their own tax advisers about their own tax situation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base 
Prospectus, if Tax Deduction is imposed on any payment under the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor will make 
the required Tax Deduction for the account of the Bondholders, as the case may be, and shall not be obliged 
to pay any additional amounts to the Bondholders. 
(B) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE GUARANTOR 
Guarantor only obliged to pay guaranteed amounts on the Due for Payment Date 
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Guarantee until service 
of an Issuer Default Notice by the Representative of the Bondholders o n the Guarantor fo llowing the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default.  
An Issuer Default Notice can only be served if an Issuer Event of Default occurs. A Guarantor Default No tice 
can only be served if a Guarantor Event of Default occurs.  
Following service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor (provided that (a) an Issuer Event of Default 
has occurred and (b) no Guarantor Default Notice has been served) under the terms of the Guarantee, the 
Guarantor will be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts on the Due for Payment Date. Such payments will be 
subject to and will be made in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority o f Payments. In 
these circumstances, other than the Guaranteed Amounts, the Guarantor will not be o bliged to pay any 
amount, for example in respect of broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums, default interest o r 
interest on interest which may accrue on or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Lim ited resources available to the Guarantor  
The Guarantor's ability to meet its obligations under the Guarantee will depend on the realisable value of the 
Cover Pool, the amount of principal and interest generated by the Cover Pool and the timing thereof, the 
proceeds of any Eligible Investments and amounts received from the Swap Counterparties. The Guarantor 
will not have any other source of funds available to meet its obligations under the Guarantee.  
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the proceeds of the Cover Pool may not be sufficient to meet the 
claims of all the Bondholders. If the Bondholders have not received the full amount due to them pursuant to 
the terms of the Transaction Documents, then they may still have an unsecured claim against the Issuer fo r 
the shortfall. There is no guarantee that the Issuer will have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
The Bondholders should note that the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test have been structured to 
ensure that the outstanding nominal amount of the Cover Pool shall be equal to, or greater than, the nominal 
amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds. In addition the MEF Decree and the BoI Regulations provide fo r 
certain further mandatory tests aimed at ensuring that (a) the net present value o f the Cover Pool (net o f 
certain costs) shall be equal to, or greater than, the net present value of the Covered Bo nds; and (b) the 
amount of interests and other revenues generated by the Cover Pool (net of certain costs) shall be equal to, or 
greater than, the interests and costs due by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds. 
However there is no assurance that there will not be a shortfall. 
The Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors have undertaken in the Intercreditor Agreement not to 
petition or commence proceedings for a declaration of insolvency (nor join any such petition or proceedings) 
against the Guarantor at least until (i) one year and one day after the Maturity Date of the Latest Maturing 
Covered Bonds, (ii) in case of prepayment in full of the Covered Bonds, two years and one day after the date 
on which the Covered Bonds have been repaid in full and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions or (iii) 
one year and one day after the full redemption and cancellation of the covered bonds issued in the context o f 
any other covered bonds programme which may be implemented by the Guarantor in its c apacity o f 
guarantor (if any). 
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties 
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to perform 
services for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Servicer has been (and the Successor 
Servicer may be) appointed to service the Cover Pool and the Asset Monitor has been appointed to monitor 
compliance, inter alia, with the Mandatory Test. In the event that any of those parties fails to perform its 
obligations under the relevant agreement to which it is a party, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any 
part thereof may be affected, or, pending such realisation (if the Cover Pool or any part thereof cannot be 
sold), the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee may be affected. For instance, if 
the Servicer has failed to adequately administer the Cover Pool, this may lead to higher incidences of no n-
payment or default by Debtors. The Guarantor is also reliant on the Swap Counterparties to provide it with 
the funds matching its obligations under the Guarantee. 
If a Servicer Termination Event occurs pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, then the Guarantor 
and/or the Representative of the Bondholders will be entitled to terminate the appointment of the Servicer 
and appoint a Successor Servicer in its place. There can be no assurance that a substitute servicer with 
sufficient experience of administering the Cover Pool would be found who would be willing and able to 
service the Cover Pool on the terms of the Servicing Agreement. The ability o f a Successor Servicer to 
perform fully the required services would depend, among other things, on the information, software and 
records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a Successor Servicer may 
affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof, and/or the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Guarantee. 
The Representative of the Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as a Servicer or to monitor 
the performance by any Servicer of its obligations. 
Reliance on Swap Counterparty 
To provide a hedge against interest rate risk on the Cover Pool, the Guarantor may enter into o ne o r more 
Cover Pool Swap Agreement(s) with the relevant Cover Pool Swap Counterparty. In addition, to provide a 
hedge against currency (if any) and/or interest rate exposure in relation to obligations under the Covered 
Bonds, the Guarantor may enter into one or more Covered Bond Swap A greement(s) with the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty.

--- Page 59 ---
59
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement, then it will 
(unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted under that Swap A greement. A 
Swap Counterparty is (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap A greement) only o bliged to make 
payments to the Guarantor as long as the Guarantor complies with its payment o bligations under the 
relevant Swap Agreement. In circumstances where non-payment by the Guarantor under a Swap Agreement 
does not result in a default under that Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty may be o bliged to make 
payments to the Guarantor pursuant to the Swap Agreement as if payment had been made by the Guarantor. 
Any amounts not paid by the Guarantor to a Swap Counterparty may in such circumstances incur additional 
amounts of interest by the Guarantor, which would rank senior to amounts due on the Covered Bonds. If the 
Swap Counterparty is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults in its obligations to make payments of 
amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid to the Guarantor on the payment date 
under the Swap Agreements, the Guarantor will be exposed to changes in the relevant c urrency exchange 
rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. In addition, the Guarantor may hedge o nly 
part of the potential risk and, in such circumstances, may have insufficient funds to make payments under 
the Covered Bonds or the Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination payment to the 
relevant Swap Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds 
available to make a termination payment under the relevant Swap Agreement, nor c an there be any 
assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement, or if o ne is entered 
into, that the credit rating of the replacement swap counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a 
downgrade of the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agency. In addition the swaps may 
provide that notwithstanding the swap counterparty ceasing to be assigned the requisite ratings and the 
failure by the swap counterparty to take the remedial action set out in the relevant swap agreement, the 
Guarantor may not terminate the swap until a replacement swap counterparty has been found. There can be 
no assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement with a replacement 
swap counterparty with the requisite ratings. 
If the Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement, such termination 
payment may rank pari passu with (or under certain circumstances ahead of) certain amounts due o n the 
Covered Bonds. Accordingly, the obligation to pay a termination payment may adversely affect the ability o f 
the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
(C) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE UNDERLYING 
Lim its to Integration 
Under the BoI Regulations, the integration of the Cover Pool, whether through Eligible Assets o r through 
Integration Assets shall be carried out in accordance with the methods, and subject to the limits, set o ut in 
the BoI Regulations (see “Selected aspects of Italian law – Tests set out in the MEF Decree”).  
More specifically, under the BoI Regulations, Integration is allowed exclusively fo r the purpose o f (a) 
complying with the tests provided for under the MEF Decree; (b) complying with any contractual 
overcollateralisation requirements agreed by the parties to the relevant agreements or (c) complying with the 
Integration Assets Limit.  
Investors should note that such integration of the Cover Pool is not allowed in circumstances o ther than as 
set out in the BoI Regulations and specified above.

--- Page 60 ---
60
Lim ited description of the Cover Pool 
The Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Cover Pool, because it is 
expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will frequently change due to, for instance: 
(a) 
the Seller or the Additional Seller (if any) selling further Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets 
(also Eligible Assets which are of a type that have not previously been comprised in the Cover Pool to 
the Guarantor); and 
(b) 
the Seller or the Additional Seller (if any) repurchasing certain Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets in accordance with the Master Purchase Agreement; 
(c) 
the Seller or the Additional Seller (if any) and the Servicer being granted by the Guarantor with a 
power to renegotiate the terms and conditions of the Assets comprised in the Cover Pool. 
However, each claim will be required to meet the Criteria and to c onform to the representations and 
warranties set out in the Master Purchase Agreement — see “Description of the Transaction Do cuments — 
Master Purchase Agreement”. In addition, the Mandatory Test are intended to ensure, inter alia, that the 
ratio of the Guarantor's assets to the Covered Bonds is maintained at a certain minimum level and the Test 
Report Provider will provide on each Calculation Date a report that will set out, inter alia, certain 
information in relation to the Mandatory Test. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
If a Issuer Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the Guarantor may be obliged to sell (through a 
Portfolio Manager) Selected Assets (selected o n a random basis) in o rder to make payments to the 
Guarantor's creditors including making payments under the Guarantee, see “Description of the Transaction 
Documents — Portfolio Management Agreement”. 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Selected Assets at the times required and there 
can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which may be able to be obtained for such Selected A ssets, 
which may affect payments under the Guarantee. However, the Selected Assets may no t be sold by the 
Guarantor for less than an amount equal to the Required Outstanding Principal Balance A mount fo r the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds until six months prior to the Maturity Date in respect o f such Covered 
Bonds or (if the same is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Extended Maturity Date in 
respect of such Covered Bonds. In the six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date o r Ex tended 
Maturity Date, the Guarantor is obliged to sell the Selected Assets for the best price reasonably available 
notwithstanding that such price may be less than the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount. 
Realisation of assets following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default  
If a Guarantor Events of Default occurs and a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the 
Representative of the Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor direct the Portfolio 
Manager to sell all the Eligible Assets and the Integration Assets as quickly as reasonably practicable taking 
into account the market conditions at that time (see “Description of the Transaction Documents — Portfolio 
Management Agreement”). 
Following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, there is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation o f 
the Cover Pool will be in an amount sufficient to repay all amounts due to creditors (including the 
Bondholders) under the Covered Bonds and the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 61 ---
61
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the Guarantor 
to m ake payments under the Guarantee  
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer 
and on the Guarantor, the realisable value of Selected Assets comprised in the Cover Pool may be reduced 
(which may affect the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee) by, inter alia:  
(a) 
default by borrowers of amounts due on their receivables; 
(b) 
changes to the lending criteria of the Seller; 
(c) 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool; 
(d) 
decrease of the economic value of the Assets comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(e) 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, Consob and other regulatory authorities (including, 
without limitation, regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Eligible Assets included 
in the Cover Pool being unenforceable); 
(f) 
unwinding cost related to the hedging structure. 
Some of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the Mandatory 
Tests and the Criteria are intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of Assets included in the 
Cover Pool to enable the Guarantor to repay the Covered Bonds following an Issuer Event of Default, service 
of a Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor and accordingly it is expected (although there 
is no assurance) that Selected Assets could be realised for sufficient values to enable the Guarantor to meet 
its obligations under the Guarantee. 
Default by borrowers in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans  
Borrowers may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Lo ans fo r a variety o f reasons. The 
receivables arising from the Mortgage Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various 
factors influence delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment o f 
interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic 
conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative 
investments, political developments and government policies. Certain factors may lead to an increase in 
default by the borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay 
the Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce and other similar factors may lead to an increase in 
default by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability o f 
borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a property given as 
security for a Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that Mortgage 
Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of 
that property and property values in general at the time.  
Changes to the lending criteria of the Seller  
Each of the Mortgage Loans originated by the Seller will have been originated in accordance with its lending 
criteria at the time of origination. Each of the Mortgage Loans sold to the Guarantor by the Seller, but 
originated by a person other than a Seller (an “Originator”), will have been originated in accordance with 
the lending criteria of such Originator at the time of origination. It is expected that the Seller's o r the 
Originator’s, as the case may be, lending criteria will generally consider term of loan, indemnity guarantee 
policies, status of applicants and credit history. In the event o f the sale or transfer o f any Loans to the 
Guarantor, the Seller will warrant that (a) such Mortgage Loans as were originated by it were o riginated in

--- Page 62 ---
62 
accordance with the Seller's lending criteria applicable at the time of origination and (b) such Mortgage 
Loans as were originated by an Originator were originated in accordance with the Originator's lending 
criteria applicable at the time of origination. An Originator may additionally revise its lending criteria at any 
time. The Seller may revise its lending criteria from time to time. However, if such lending criteria change in 
a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Mortgage Loans, that may lead to increased defaults by 
borrowers and may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool and the ability o f the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Guarantee. 
Insurance coverage 
All Mortgage Loans provide that the relevant real estate assets must be covered by an Insurance Policy issued 
by leading insurance companies approved by the Seller. There can be no assurance that all risks that could 
affect the value of the real estate assets are or will be covered by the relevant Insurance Policy or that, if such 
risks are covered, the insured losses will be covered in full. Any loss incurred in relation to the real estate 
assets which is not covered (or which is not covered in full) by the relevant Insurance Policy could adversely 
affect the value of the real estate assets and the ability of the relevant Debtor to repay the relevant mortgage 
loan. 
Set-off risks 
Under general principles of Italian law, the borrowers under the Mortgage Loans are entitled to exercise 
rights of set-off in respect of amounts due under any Mortgage Loan to the Guarantor against any amounts 
payable by the Seller to the relevant borrowers and which came into existence prior to the later o f: (i) the 
publication of the notice of assignment of the Claims in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana) and (ii) the registration of such notice in the competent companies’ register. Under the 
representations and warranties contained in the Master Purchase Agreement, the Seller has agreed to 
indemnify the Guarantor in respect of any reduction in amounts received by the Guarantor in respect o f the 
Cover Pool as a result of the exercise by any borrower of a right of set-off. In addition, the exercise of set-off 
rights by borrowers may adversely affect any sale proceeds of the Cover Pool and, ultimately, the ability of the 
Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee. 
Consequently, the rights of the Guarantor may be subject to the direct rights of the borrowers against the 
Seller or, as applicable the relevant Originator, including rights of set-off on claims arising or existing prior to 
notification in the Official Gazette and registration at the local Companies' Registry. In addition, the exercise 
of set-off rights by the borrowers may adversely affect any sale proceeds of the Cover Pool and, ultimately, 
the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee.  
Moreover, Law Decree no. 145 of 23 December 2013 (the “Destinazione Italia Decree”) as converted into 
Law no. 9 of 21 February 2014 introduced certain amendments to article 4 of Law 130/99. As a consequence 
of such amendments, it is now expressly provided by Law 130/99 that the borrowers cannot exercise rights of 
set-off against the Guarantor on claims arising vis-à- vis the Seller after the publication o f the notice of 
assignment in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana). 
Value of the Cover Pool 
The Guarantee granted by the Guarantor in respect of the Covered Bonds will be backed by the Cover Po ol 
and the recourse against the Guarantor will be limited to such assets. Since the economic value of the Cover 
Pool may increase or decrease, the value of the Guarantor's assets may decrease (fo r example if there is a 
general decline in property values). The Seller makes no representation, warranty or guarantee that the value 
of a real estate asset will remain at the same level as it was on the date o f the o rigination o f the related 
Mortgage Loan or at any other time. If the residential property market in Italy experiences an overall decline 
in property values, the value of the Mortgage Loan could be significantly reduced and, ultimately, may result

--- Page 63 ---
63 
in losses to the Bondholders if such security is required to be enforced. 
Usury Law 
Italian law No. 108 of 7 March 1996, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the “Usury Law”) 
introduced legislation preventing lenders from applying interest rates higher than rates (the “Usury Rates”) 
set every three months on the basis of a decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance. In 
addition, even where the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, interest and o ther advantages and/or 
remuneration may be held to be usurious if: (i) they are disproportionate to the amount lent (taking into 
account the specific situations of the transaction and the average rate usually applied for similar 
transactions); and (ii) the person who paid or agreed to pay them was in financial and economic difficulties.  
Law Decree no. 394 of 29 December 2000 (the “Usury Law Decree” and, together with the Usury Law, the 
“Usury Regulations”), converted into law by law No. 24 of 28 February 2001, provided, inter alia, that 
interest is to be deemed usurious only if the interest rate promised or agreed by the parties exceeds the Usury 
Rate applicable at the time the interest rate is promised or agreeed, regardless of the time at which interest is 
repaid by the borrower. The Usury Law Decree also provides that, as an extraordinary measure due to the 
exceptional fall in interest rates in the years 1998 and 1999, interest rates due on instalments payable after 2 
January 2001 on loans already entered into on the date on which the Usury Law Decree c ame into force 
(such date being 31 December 2000) are to be substituted with a lower interest rate fixed in accordance with 
parameters determined by the Usury Law Decree.  
Despite such authentic interpretation, a jurisprudential debate has taken place over recent years o n the 
interpretation of the Usury Law. In particular, a few commentators and court decisions held that, irrespective 
of the principle set out in the Usury Law Decree, if interest originally agreed at a rate falling below the then 
applicable usury limit (and thus, not usurious) were, at a later date, to exceed the usury limit from time to 
time in force, such interest should nonetheless be authomatically reduced to the then applicable usury limit. 
The Italian Supreme Court in joint session (Corte di Cassazione a Sezioni Unite), under decision no. 
24675/2017, has resolved the above debate ruling that the interest rate is to be deemed usurious only with 
respect to the Usury Rate applicable at the time the relevant agreement is entered into, irrespective o f the 
time of payment.  
In the last years, a number of objection have been raised on the basis of the excess of the usury limit from the 
sum of the default interest and the compensatory rate, based on the errouneous interpretation under 
decision of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) no. 350 o f 2013 that the default interest is 
relevant for the purposes of determining if an interest rate is usurious. Such interpretation has been 
constantly rejected by the Italian Courts. Other objections raised in the last years are based on the violation 
of the Usury Law by, for example, the sole default interest exceeding the usury limit or making reference to 
additional components (such as penalties and insurance policies). In this respect, the Italian Courts have not 
reached an unanimous position. Indeed, the Italian Supreme Court in joint session (Corte di Cassazione a 
Sezioni Unite) (n. 19597 dated 18 September 2020) stated that, in order to assess whether a loan complies 
with the Usury Law , also default interest rates shall be included in the calculation of the remuneration to be 
compared with the Usury Rates. In this respect, should that remuneration be higher than the Usury Rates, 
only the ‘type’ of rate which determined the breach shall be deemed as null and void. As a consequence, the 
entire amount referable to the rate which determined the breach of said threshold shall be deemed as 
unenforceable according to the last interpretation of the Supreme Court.   
Compounding interest (anatocismo) 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian civil code, accrued interest in respect of a monetary claim or receivable 
may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months only (i) under an agreement subsequent to such 
accrual or (ii) from the date when any legal proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or

--- Page 64 ---
64 
receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian civil code allows derogation from this provision in the event that there 
are recognised customary practices (usi) to the contrary. Banks and financial companies in the Republic o f 
Italy have traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a three-monthly basis o n the grounds that such 
practice could be characterised as a customary practice (uso normativo). However, a number o f judgments 
from Italian courts (including the judgment from the Italian Supreme Co urt (Co rte di Cassazione) No. 
2374/99, No. 2593/2003, No . 21095/2004 and No. 10376/06, confirmed by recent decisions No. 
24418/2010 and No. 13861/2016) have held that such practices are not uso normativo. Co nsequently, if 
customers of the Seller were to challenge this practice and such interpretation of the Italian civil code were to 
be upheld before other courts in the Republic of Italy, there c ould be a negative effect o n the returns 
generated from the Mortgage Loans.The Seller has c onsequently undertaken in the relevant transfer 
agreement to indemnify the Guarantor in respect of any losses, costs and expenses that may be incurred by 
the Guarantor in connection with any challenge in respect of interest on interest.  
In this respect, it should be noted that article 25, paragraph 3, of Legislative Decree no. 342 of 4 August 1999 
(“Law no. 342”), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted pursuant to Law no. 142 o f 
19 February 1992, has considered the capitalisation of accrued interest (anatocismo) made by banks prior to 
the date on which it came into force (19 October 1999) to be valid. After such date, the c apitalisation o f 
accrued interest is no longer possible upon the terms established by a resolution of the CICR issued o n 22 
February 2000. Law no. 342 has been challenged and decision no. 425 of 17 Oc tober 2000 o f the Italian 
Constitutional Court has declared as unconstitutional the provisions of Law no. 342 regarding the validity o f 
the capitalisation of accrued interest made by banks prior to the date on which Law no. 342 came into force. 
Article 1, paragraph 629 of Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013 (so called, “Legge di Stabilità 2014”) amended 
article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Act, providing that interests shall not accrue on capitalised interests. 
Article 17 bis of Law Decree 18 of 14 February 2016 as converted into Law no. 49 of 8 A pril 2016 further 
amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Act, providing that accrued interest shall not produce 
further interests, except for default interests, and are calculated exclusively on the principal amount. The 
Decree no. 343 of 3 August 2016 issued by the Minister of Economy and Finance, in his quality of President 
of the CICR, implementing article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Act, has been published in the Official 
Gazette no. of 10 September 2016. However, given the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the 
impact of such new legislation may not be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Mortgage borrower protection and impact on the Programme 
Certain legislation enacted in Italy, has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors and/or 
reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia: (i) the right of prepayment of the principal amount o f the 
mortgage loan, without incurring a penalty, (ii) the right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage lo an 
with another mortgage loan and (iii) the right to suspend instalments payments relating to mortgage loans. 
Further details are set out in the section headed “Selected Aspects o f Italian law - Mo rtgage Bo rrower 
protection”. 
The legislation referred to above under section headed “Mortgage borrower protection” above constitutes an 
adverse effect on the Portfolio and, in particular, on any cash flow projections concerning the Po rtfolio as 
well as on the over-collateralisation required. However, as this legislation is relatively new, as at the date o f 
this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not in a position to predict its impact. 
However, the Asset Coverage Test has been structured in such a way to attribute different weight to Mortgage 
Receivable as better described in the Portfolio Management Agreement. To the extent any underweight in 
respect of the Mortgage Receivables included in the Cover Pool could lead to a breach of Tests, the Seller will 
be required to sell to the Guarantor subsequent portfolios of Eligible Asset and/or Integration A ssets in 
accordance with the Portfolio Management Agreement and the Master Purchase A greement in o rder to

--- Page 65 ---
65
remedy such breach. However upon occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default a massive adhesion to the above 
specified moratoria/suspension of payment measures may adversely affect the cash-flows deriving from the 
Cover Pool and as a consequence the repayment of the Covered Bonds. 
Mortgage Credit Directive 
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and o f the Co uncil of 4 February 2014 o n c redit 
agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending Directives 2008/48/EC 
and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the “Mortgage Credit Directive”) sets o ut a 
common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member 
States concerning agreements covering credit for consumers secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to 
residential immovable property.  
The Mortgage Credit Directive has been implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 A pril 2016 
(the “Mortgage Legislative Decree”) which clarifies that the new legal framework shall apply, inter alia, 
to (i) residential mortgage loans and (ii) loans relating to the purchase or preservation of the property rights 
on aresidential immovable assets. The Mortgage Legislative Decree sets forth certain rules o f correctness, 
diligence and transparency and information undertakings applicable to the lenders and intermediaries which 
offer loans to the consumers and provides that, without prejudice to article 2744 of Italian c ivil code, the 
parties may expressly agree in a specific clause at the closing of a loan agreements that in case o f breach of 
the borrower’s payment obligations under the agreement (i.e. non- payment of an amount equal to eighteen 
loan instalments due and payable by the debtor) the transfer or the sale of the mortgaged assets has as a 
consequence that the entire debt is settled even if the value of the assets or the proceeds deriving from the 
sale of the assets is lower than the remaining amount due by the debtor in relation to the loan. Otherwise if 
the estimated value of the assets or the proceeds deriving from the sale o f the assets is higher than the 
remaining amount due by the debtor, the excess amount shall be returned to the consumer.  
On 29 September 2016, the Ministry of Economy and Finance issued Decree no. 380 which implemented 
Chapter 1-bis of Title VI of the Banking Law, with the view to creating a transparent and efficient market fo r 
consumer mortgage credit and providing an adequate level of protection to consumers, and, o n 30 
September 2016, the Bank of Italy has amended the supervisory regulations on transparency and correctness 
in the relationships between intermediaries and clients (disposizioni di vigilanza in materia di trasparenza 
delle operazioni e dei servizi bancari e finanziari; correttezza delle relazioni tra intermediari e clienti ) o f 
29 July 2009, as subsequently amended, in order to implement the transparency provisions in c ompliance 
with the Mortgage Credit Directive and the Mortgage Legislative Decree. 
No assurance can be given that the abovementioned legislation will not adversely affect the ability of the 
Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee. 
Patto Marciano 
On 4 May 2016, Law Decree 3 May 2016, no. 59 (“Decree 59/2016” – later on converted into Law No . 119 
of 30 June 2016, as published in the Offical Gazette of the Republic of Italy No. 153 of 2 July 2016) came into 
force introducing, inter alia, a new article 48-bis into the Banking Law (“Article 48-bis”). Pursuant to such 
Article 48-bis, a loan agreement entered into between an entrepreneur and a bank (or another entity 
authorised to grant loans to the public pursuant to article 106 o f the Banking Law) may be secured by 
transferring to the creditor (or to a company of the creditor’s group authorised to purchase, hold, manage 
and transfer rights in rem in immovable property) the ownership of a property or of another immovable right 
of the entrepreneur or of a third party (which is not the main home of the o wner, o f the spouse o r o f his 
relatives and in-laws up to the third degree). Such transfer is subject to the condition precedent of the debtor 
defaulting (so-called “Patto Marciano” or “Covenant”).

--- Page 66 ---
66 
The parties may agree on the Patto Marciano while entering into the loan agreement or even after. In such 
latter case, the Patto Marciano shall be agreed upon by way o f notarial deed made in the context of 
subsequent amendments. If the loan is already secured by a mortgage, the transfer subject to the condition 
precedent of the default, once registered, prevails over annotations and registrations c arried o ut after the 
mortgage entry. 
The default occurs: (i) in case of repayment in monthly instalments, when the failure to pay c ontinues fo r 
more than nine months after the expiry of at least three instalments, even if not consecutive, and (ii) in c ase 
of repayment in a single instalment or with instalments in periods of more than one month (e.g. quarterly or 
semi-annual instalments), once nine months have elapsed after the expiry of an unpaid instalment, provided 
that the aforesaid nine-month periods shall be extended to twelve months if the debtor has repaid at least 85 
per cent. of the loan. In the event of default, the creditor is entitled to avail itself of the effects of the Covenant 
provided that any difference between the valuation of the right - as assessed by an expert appointed by the 
court upon request of the creditor - and the total amount of outstanding debt and transfer costs is paid back 
to the debtor. 
Use may be made of the transfer pursuant to article 2 of the Decree 59/2016 even in cases where the right in 
rem in immovable property covered by the Covenant is subject to forced sale due to expropriation. In this 
case, the assessment of the debtor’s default is carried out - at the creditor’s request - by the enforcement 
court, and the evaluation is made by court appointed expert. The transfer to the c reditor is subject – in 
accordance with the procedures established by the enforcement court - to  the payment of enforcement 
charges and of any prior creditors or of any difference between the valuation of the asset and the amount o f 
the unsettled debt. The same procedure applies, insofar as it is compatible, also in cases where the right in 
rem in immovable property is subject to enforcement in accordance with Presidential Decree D.P.R. no. 
602/1973 or if, after the Covenant is registered, the debtor goes bankrupt. 
Pursuant to Decree 59/2016, automatic application of the Covenant takes place upon the debtor default. 
Considering that certain risks may arise from the management by the creditor of the relevant property, such 
new legislation is expected to facilitate the recovery of the relevant claims. However, the precise impact of 
Article 48-bis may not be predicted as at the date of this Prospectus. 
(D) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET 
Lim ited liquidity 
There is not at present an active and liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds will 
not be registered under the Securities Act and will be subject to significant restrictions o n resale in the 
United States. Although the application has been made to list the Covered Bonds on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, there can be no assurance that a secondary market for any of the Covered Bonds will develop, or, if 
a secondary market does develop in respect of any of the Covered Bonds, that it will provide the holders o f 
such Covered Bonds with liquidity of investments or that it will continue until the final redemption or 
cancellation of such Covered Bonds. Consequently, any purchaser of the Covered Bonds must be prepared to 
hold such Covered Bonds until the final redemption or cancellation. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse 
effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell its 
Covered Bonds at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Covered Bonds might additionally 
be restricted by country specific reasons. 
Exchange rate and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These

--- Page 67 ---
67
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation o f the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value o f the 
Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency equivalent 
yield on the Covered Bonds, (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable o n the 
Covered Bonds and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. Government 
and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, 
or no interest or principal.

--- Page 68 ---
68
Guarantee 
 
Covered 
Bond 
Swap cash 
flows 
Covered Pool 
Swap cash 
flows 
Portfolio 
Purchase 
Price 
Covered 
Bonds issue 
Issuance  
Proceeds 
Assignment 
of the 
Portfolio 
CheBanca! 
(the “Originator” and “Seller”) 
Subordinated 
loan 
Interest and  
principal on the 
Subordinated Loan 
  
ST RUCTURE DIAGRAM 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. 
(the “Guarantor”) 
CheBanca! 
 
 
 
 
(the “Issuer”) 
 
 
(the “Cover Pool Swap 
Counterparty”) 
 
 
 (the “Cover Bond  
Swap Counterparty”) 
 
Representative  
of the 
 Bondholders 
 
Asset Monitor 
Bondholdeers

--- Page 69 ---
69 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or which are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form 
part of this Base Prospectus:  
1. 
Issuer’s audited consolidated annual financial statements in respect of the y ear ending o n 30 June 
2021, available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/100ca9b3c13a384746a0561fa165e2b7e5; 
2. 
Issuer’s audited consolidated annual financial statements in respect of the y ear ending o n 30 June 
2020, available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10d5b04a2c479e43b89b8d49eabebf1081;  
3. 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements in respect o f the year ending o n 30 June 2021, 
available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10f4363cd260404a90b623e28c08a551a4;  
4. 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements in respect o f the year ending o n 30 June 2020 
available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1039123205d45149b6a05c18d64d1d5800;  
5. 
Issuer’s consolidated interim financial statements fo r the six months ended 31 December 2021 
available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10bee0b83a82dd4bb5b5b7fc7b00fe0a36; 
6. 
the press release issued by Mediobanca headed “Board of Directors’ Meeting - Financial statements 
for three months ended 31 March 2022 approved” dated 11 May 2022, available at 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10d6aecd0a2ef4477b833fe974f6a23cb3. 
In the case of the above-mentioned financial statements, together with the accompanying notes and (where 
applicable) auditor's reports, save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus o r in any o f the 
documents incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement c ontained in 
any document subsequently incorporated by reference by way of supplement prepared in accordance with 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such statement.  
Where only certain sections of a document referred to above are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus as per the cross-reference lists set out below, the parts of the document not forseen in the c ross-
reference list tables which are not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus are either not relevant 
to investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Each document incorporated herein by reference is current only as at the date of such document, and the 
incorporation by reference herein of such documents shall not create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group since the date thereof or that the information 
contained therein is current as at any time subsequent to its date. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor will provide, without charge to each person to whom a copy of this Base 
Prospectus has been delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy (by electronic means, unless such 
person requests hard copy) of any or all the documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein unless 
such documents have been modified or superseded as specified above, in which c ase the modified o r 
superseded version of such document will be provided. Request for such documents should be directed to 
each of the Issuer and the Guarantor at their offices set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. In addition, 
such documents will be available, without charge, at the principal o ffice o f the Paying Agent, o n the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.bourse.lu) and, where applicable, o n Mediobanca’s website 
(www.mediobanca.com). 
The information on the websites included in the Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Cross-reference list 
Mediobanca - Consolidated annual financial statements a s at 
30 June, 2021 and 2020 (audited)  
 
 
 
 
June 2021 
 
June 2020 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
Pages* 85-86 
 
Pages* 100-101 
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account 
Page* 87 
 
Pages* 102 
Consolidated Comprehensive Profit and Loss Account 
Page* 88 
 
Page* 103 
Statement of Changes to Consolidated Net Equity 
Pages* 89-90 
 
Pages* 104 – 105 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement Direct Method 
Page* 91 
 
Page* 106 
Reconciliation of Movements in Cash Flow during the Period  
Page* 92 
 
Page* 107 
Notes to the Accounts 
Pages* 94-361 
 
Pages* 109 – 364 
External Auditors' reports 
Pages* 75-83 
 
Pages* 88-97 
 
*Page numbers refer to the e-document. 
 
Mediobanca - Consolidated interim financial statements a s at 
31 Decem ber 2021 (unaudited)  
 
 
 
 
Decem ber 2021 
 
 
 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
 
Pages* 81-82 
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account 
 
Pages* 83 
Consolidated Comprehensive Profit and Loss Account 
 
Page* 84 
Statement of Changes to Consolidated Net Equity 
 
Pages* 85-86 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement Direct Method 
 
Page* 87 
Reconciliation of Movements in Cash Flow during the Period  
 
Page* 88 
Notes to the Accounts 
 
Pages* 90-308 
External Auditors' reports 
 
Pages* 78-79

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. - annual financial statements as 
at 30 June, 2021 and 2020 (audited)  
 
 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
 
 
  
Directors’ report 
Balance sheet 
Pages* 2-8  
Pages* 9-10 
 
Pages* 2-8  
Pages* 9-10 
Income statement  
Page* 10 
 
Page* 10 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page* 11 
 
Page* 11 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Page* 12 
 
Page* 12 
Cashflow statement 
Page* 13 
 
Page* 13 
Notes to the financial statements  
Pages* 14-78 
 
Pages* 14-76 
Au ditors' reports 
Pages* 79-81 
 
Pages* 77-81  
 
*Page numbers refer to the e-document. 
 
 
Press release issued by Mediobanca headed “Board of Directors’ Meeting - 
Financial statements as at 31 March 2022 approved” dated 11 May 2022 
 
 
Consolidated results 
Div isional results 
Pages* 6-9 
Pages* 10-17 
 
Restated consolidated profit and loss accounts 
Page* 20 
 
Qu arterly profit and loss accounts 
Page* 20 
 
Restated balance sheet 
Page* 21 
 
Consolidated shareholders’ equity 
Page* 21 
 
Ratios (%) and per share data (€) 
Page* 22 
 
Profit-and-loss figures / balance-sheet data by division 
Pages* 22-23 
 
Wealth Management 
Page* 24 
 
Consumer Banking 
Page* 25 
 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Page* 26

--- Page 72 ---
72
Pricipal Investing 
Page* 27 
 
Holding Functions 
Page* 27 
 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Page* 28 
 
Parent company restated financial statements (P&L, balance sheet) 
Page* 29 
 
*Page numbers refer to the e-document.

--- Page 73 ---
73
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF MEDIOBANCA 
Legal status and information 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. was set up on 10 April 1946 by virtue o f a notarial deed 
drawn up by Notary public Arturo Lovato, file no. 3041/52378. Mediobanca is a joint stock company 
incorporated under Italian law registered in the Milan, Monza-Brianza, Lodi Co mpanies’ Register under 
Registration no. 00714490158 having its registered office and administrative headquarters in Piazzetta 
Enrico Cuccia 1, 20121 Milan, Italy, tel. No.: (0039) 02-88291. In accordance with its by-laws, the duration of 
Mediobanca is until 30 June 2100. Mediobanca operates under Italian law, and the c ourt o f Milan has 
jurisdiction over any disputes arising against it.  
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of Mediobanca is PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44. 
Important events in Mediobanca’s recent history 
Neither Mediobanca nor any company in the Group have carried o ut transactions that have materially 
affected or that might be reasonably expected to materially affect, Mediobanca’s ability to meet its obligations 
towards third parties.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) rated Mediobanca “A-2” 
(short-term debt), “BBB” (long-term debt) with positive outlook; as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) rated Mediobanca “F3” (short-term debt), “BBB” (long-term debt) with 
stable outlook and Moody’s France S.A.S. (“Moody’s”) rated Mediobanca “Baa1” (long-term debt) with 
stable outlook – see https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/rating.html. 
To the knowledge of Mediobanca, each of S&P, Fitch and Moody’s is a c redit rating agency which is 
established in the European Union and has been registered in accordance with Regulation 1060/2009/EC on 
credit rating agencies (as amended from time to time) (the “CRA”). As such each of S&P, Fitch and Moody’s 
is included in the latest list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA – see https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW  
As provided in Article 3 of Mediobanca’s Articles of Association, the Mediobanca’s purpose is to raise funds 
and provide credit in any of the forms permitted, especially medium and long-term credit to corporates. 
Within the limits laid down by current regulations, Mediobanca may execute all banking, financial and 
brokerage operations and services, and any other transaction deemed to be instrumental or otherwise related 
to the achievement of Mediobanca’s purpose.  
The Mediobanca Group’s operations are organised in the following divisions: 
 
Wealth Management (WM): this division brings together all asset management activities provided 
to clients in the following segments: 
 
Affluent & Premier, served by CheBanca!; 
 
Private & HNWIs, served in Italy by Mediobanca Private Banking and in the Principality o f 
Monaco by Compagnie Monégasque de Banque, including fiduciary activities performed by 
Spafid, Spafid Family Office SIM and Spafid Trust; 
 
Asset Management, the principal entities in which are the product factories Cairn Capital 
(Alternative AM), RAM Active Investments (Alternative AM), Mediobanca Management 
Company, Mediobanca SGR S.p.A. and Bybrook Capital LLP, an investment asset manager 
focused on the European non performing loans market.  
 
Consumer Banking (CB): this division provides retail clients with the full range of consumer credit 
products, ranging from personal loans to salary-backed finance (Compass and Futuro). This division

--- Page 74 ---
74
also includes Compass RE, which reinsures the risks linked to insurance policies sold to clients, 
Compass Rent, which provides finance for hiring moveable assets (used cars in particular), and the 
newly-established Compass Link (network of agents). 
 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB): this division brings together all services provided to 
corporate clients: 
 
Wholesale Banking (WB), which comprises Client Business (lending, advisory and capital 
market activities) and Proprietary Trading performed by Mediobanca, Mediobanca 
International (Luxembourg) S.A. Mediobanca Securities USA LLC and Messier & Associés S.c.a. 
;  
 
Specialty Finance, which comprises factoring and credit management (including the acquisition 
and management of NPL portfolios) performed by MBFACTA S.p.A., MBCredit Solutions S.p.A. 
and the newly-established MBContact Solutions S.p.A.. 
 
Principal Investing (PI): this division brings together the Group’s portfolio of equity investments 
and holdings, including, inter alia, the stake in Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. (“Assicurazioni 
Generali”). 
 
Holding Functions: this division comprises SelmaBipiemme Leasing S.p.A., Mediobanca 
Innovation Services S.c.p.A. and Spafid Connect S.p.A., as well as the share of the costs of the c entral 
Group function such as Group’s Treasury and ALM (with the aim of optimizing liquidity management 
on a consolidated basis, including the securities held as part of the banking book), the costs o f the 
central Group functions such as operations, support units (Planning and Financial Reporting, 
Corporate Affairs, Investor Relations, etc.), senior management and the control units (Risk 
Management, Group Audit and Compliance) not attributable to business lines.  
The Mediobanca Group’s activities are principally focused on the domestic market (from a geographical 
standpoint Italy accounts for approximately 80% of the Group’s loan book). In particular:  
 
the Wealth Management (WM) division’s activity is focused primarily on the Italian market, with the 
exception of CMB (which operates in the Principality of Monaco), RAM AI (which operates throughout 
Europe from its headquarters in Switzerland), Cairn Capital  (which operate in the United Kingdom); 
and employs around 2,037 staff with approximately 1,100 Financial Agents/relationship managers and 
117 branches; 
 
the Consumer Banking (CB) division focuses exclusively on the Italian market, and employ 
approximetely 1,446 staff at 279 branches / agencies; 
 
in the Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB) division, half o f the revenues and loan book o f the 
wholesales banking activities is originated by the Italian market, the o ther half by o ther countries 
(notably France, Germany, Spain and the United Kingdom); while the specialty finance activities are 
focused on the domestic Italian market. The division employs approximately 635 staff, around 1 43 of 
whom are based outside Italy;  
 
leasing activities chiefly target the domestic market. 
With reference to the UK market, where the Group’s activities continue to be relatively minor (accounting for 
approx. 3% of total revenues), the Mediobanca Group operates both at its London branch office and c ross-
border, under the Temporary Permissions Regime (TPR) permitted by the Financial Conduct Authority (the 
“FCA”), which allows the Bank to continue to perform its current activities as though it were fo rmally 
authorized. In this connection, by the end of June 2022 Mediobanca will submit its application to the FCA 
for authorization to operate in the United Kingdom as a third country branch. The Group has also 
undertaken a series of initiatives, in accordance with the ECB guidance, to address the issue o f no lo nger 
being allowed to serve EU clients from the United Kingdom, including the transfer o f some staff from 
London to Milan or the other EU branch offices. There are still some areas of uncertainty, however, regarding 
the application of some of the market regulations (e.g. on shares/derivatives trading obligations), fo r which 
specific solutions have been adopted in order to ensure that the new rules are complied with. As far as 
regards UK-based Group company Cairn Capital, it has delegated management of its funds to an Ireland-

--- Page 75 ---
75
based fund manager (Carne Global Fund Managers Ireland Limited), which in turn has subdelegated 
management back to Cairn itself. 
As at 31 December 2021, Mediobanca had a market capitalization of approx. € 8.7 billion.  
Consolidated financial information as at 30/06/21*  
Profit and loss 
account 
(€m) 
Wealth 
Management 
Consumer 
Banking 
Corporate & 
Investment 
Banking 
Principal 
investing 
Holding 
Functions 
Group 
Net interest 
income 
281.1 
878.8 
286.9 
-7.1 
-47.4 
1,415.0 
T otal income 
627.3 
1,001.8 
698.2 
295.3 
21.9 
2,628.4 
Profit before 
tax 
142.6 
414.8 
434.3 
342.5 
-231.9 
1,104.3 
Net profit 
100.2 
278.9 
284.5 
308.6 
-166.1 
807.6 
* Source: Mediobanca audited consolidated annual financial statement as at and for the year ended on 30 
June 2021. 
Consolidated financial information as at 31/12/21* 
Profit and loss 
account 
(€m) 
Wealth 
Management 
Consumer 
Banking 
Corporate & 
Investment 
Banking 
Principal 
investing 
Holding 
Functions 
Group 
Net interest 
income 
146.6 
462.2 
140.3 
3.5 
25.5 
733.5 
T otal income 
363.9 
524.8 
390.6 
194.0 
5.9 
1,459.4 
Profit before 
tax 
102.8 
280.4 
210.9 
192.1 
131.0 
655.4 
Net profit 
72.4 
190.1 
131.7 
184.6 
53.0 
525.8 
* Source: Mediobanca consolidated financial statement as at and for the half-yearly period ended o n 31 
December 2021. 
 
BUSINESS DIVISIONS  
1. 
Wealth Management 
1.1 
Affluent & Premier - CheBanca! 
Mediobanca operates in wealth management with A ffluent & Premier c lients through its subsidiary 
CheBanca! S.p.A. (“CheBanca!”). CheBanca!, incorporated in 2008, effectively served as retail deposit 
gatherer for the Mediobanca Group throughout the financial crisis. Since 2016 it has developed a distribution 
model, based on strong investments in technology and innovation and an advisory-based approach which has 
enabled the company to become a recognized, high-growth operator in its reference market, with client total 
financial activities (attività finanziarie totali - TFA) which totalled €32.5 billion. 
Today CheBanca! is distinguished by its:

--- Page 76 ---
76
 
high brand recognition; 
 
effective, innovative multi-channel distribution (internet, 205 o wn branches/POS, 465 Financial 
Agents and 486 relationship managers); 
 
substantial customer base (approximately 895,000 clients); and  
 
strong commercial results (€17.0 billion in deposits, €17.2 billion in assets under management and a 
loan book of €11.3 billion in mortgage lending).  
At 31 December 2021, the Issuer employed a total of 1,473 staff.  
1.2 
Private & HNWIs 
The range of products and services offered to clients is split between: 
 
Mediobanca Private Banking, which offers private banking services through its 84 bankers and nine 
branch offices, working to help develop asset management activities in sinergy with the mid-cap 
platform. The Mediobanca Private Banking product offering for high net worth clients includes portfolio 
management, advisory and financing services. Independence, operational autonomy, focus o n private 
investment banking activities and excellence and quality of service are the hallmarks of a bank which 
has approximately €18 billion in assets under management at its branches in Bergamo, Bo logna, 
Brescia, Florence, Genoa, Milan, Padua, Rome, Turin and Treviso.  
 
Compagnie Monégasque de Banque ("CMB"), which is market leader in the private banking sector 
in the Principality of Monaco, has assets under management of approximately €12 billion. Its 
geographical position, indepth knowledge of markets and absolute independence make it a player o f 
primary importance, able to provide exclusive services to its clients, ranging from loans to asset 
management. 
 
Spafid, which provides fiduciary administration services fo r equity investments, stock market 
investments and fiduciary services for issuers. 
1.3 
Asset Management 
The product factories forming part of the Asset Management include Cairn Capital, RAM Active Investments 
S.A. and Mediobanca SGR.  
 
Cairn Capital Group Ltd. is an asset manager and advisor based in London, specialized in c redit 
products. In September 2021, Cairn Capital has extended its offered product range in the alternative 
credit sector by acquiring Bybrook Capital, an asset manager based in London and specialized in 
managing non performing loans. 
 
RAM Active Investments S.A. is one of the leading European systematic asset managers, offering a 
wide selection of alternative funds to a vast range of institutional and professional investors.  
 
Mediobanca SGR S.p.A., set up in 2017  following the merger of Banca Esperia S.p.A. into 
Mediobanca, plays a key role in defining investment strategies and developing innovative products fo r 
the Group’s networks. 
2. 
Consumer Banking  
Mediobanca operates in the consumer credit sector since the 1960s through its subsidiary Co mpass Banca 
S.p.A. (“Compass”), which today is one of the leading consumer credit operators on the Italian market, with 
a market share of approximately 10%, that reaches 13% in the personal loans sector. 
Compass offers a wide range of products (including, inter alia, personal loans, special purpose loans for 
acquisition of consumer durable goods, credit cards and salary-backed finance), using a highly diversified 
distribution network consisting of 179 own branches, 58 branches run by agents and 50 Co mpass Quinto 
branches, as well as distribution agreements with banking partners and retailers (including BancoPosta).

--- Page 77 ---
77
In the financial year ended 31 December 2021, Compass reported a loan book of approximately € 13.3 billion 
and a headcount of 1,451 staff.  
3. 
Corporate & Investment Banking  
3.1 
Wholesale banking 
Mediobanca seeks to provide its corporate clients with advisory services and financial services to help them 
grow and develop. 
The Wholesale Banking division is divided into: (i) Client Business (including three different areas: 
Investment Banking, Debt Division and Market Division) and (ii) Proprietary Trading (including Trading 
Portfolio and Equity & Derivatives Trading).  
Client Business – Investment Banking 
Corporate Finance 
Mediobanca is a leader in Italy and has an increasingly significant role at the European level in financial 
advisory services through its branch offices in London, Paris and Madrid, and through Messier & Associés. A 
client-based approach is adopted, backed by indepth knowledge of the financial issues and a c onsolidated 
track record in executing deals. The operating unit is organized into different industry teams covering 
individual industries to provide more effective specialization. 
Corporate finance is structured into the following activities: 
 
defining strategic objectives for companies and identifying extraordinary financing transactions in order 
to help meet them; 
 
extraordinary financing transactions (e.g. mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and partnerships, 
disposals and spinoffs); 
 
liability restructuring (e.g. earnings/financial analysis of companies/groups undergoing restructuring, 
working out financial rebalancing scenarios and negotiating with key creditors); 
 
corporate restructuring (e.g. LBOs, MBOs, spinoffs and tax-/inheritance-related issues); 
 
company valuations, on a standalone basis and for purposes of setting exchange ratios; and 
 
relations with authorities (e.g. assistance in handling relations with market and regulatory authorities, 
primarily with CONSOB and Borsa Italiana). 
Messier & Associés 
Founded at the end of 2010, Messier & Associés is now one of the three leading corporate finance boutiques 
in France, with a loyal client base at both national and international level. MA specializes in M&A advisory 
services, which it provides to large and mid-cap clients, and in financial sponsors activity. The company also 
performs debt and capital advisory and debt restructuring activities. Headquartered in Paris, it has offices in 
New York and employs around 40 staff. 
Equity capital markets 
Mediobanca is the Italian leader and has a role of increasing importance internationally in structuring, 
coordinating and executing equity capital markets transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, secondary 
offerings and ABOs, and bonds convertible into equity solutions (equity derivatives to manage investments 
and treasury shares). This unit structures and implements extraordinary financing transactions involving 
equity investments and treasury shares. Using a dedicated trading platform, the team offers customers 
innovative, high value-added solutions, and also handles any legal, accounting, tax and regulatory issues.

--- Page 78 ---
78
Client Business – Debt Division 
Lending and Structured Finance 
The financing teams serve Mediobanca’s Italian and international customers, through the branch offices 
located in Paris, London and Madrid to offer: 
 
advice in evaluating possible capital structures and financing solutions available from among a v ast 
series of debt products, including considering possible implications in terms of rating; 
 
structuring and executing lending transactions; 
 
access to the international syndicated loans market; 
 
facility and security agent services for corporate and structured lending transactions. 
The principal Lending and Structured Finance area products are the following. 
 
Corporate lending (e.g. bilateral loans, club deals and syndicated loans): corporate loans aimed at 
supporting customers’ financial requirements generated by investments or related to their companies’ 
growth; the financial solutions offered are aimed primarily at medium-/large-sized firms operating o n 
domestic and international markets, in industrial and service-based sectors; and 
 
Structured finance (e.g. acquisition finance, loans for LBOs/MBOs, project finance, infrastructure 
finance, real estate finance): financial support to corporate counterparties and institutional investors 
as part of leveraged transactions to acquire stakes in listed and unlisted companies; a wide range o f 
lending transactions are developed, arranged, structured, underwritten and executed based o n 
complex structures, and because of their size these are often syndicated on the international market. 
On the back of its solid track record in various sectors, customers are provided with advisory services 
covering the entire process of structuring deals to support investment and infrastructure or industrial 
projects, including offering strategies, selection of the most effective debt instruments, hedging 
strategies, financial modelling and structuring contracts. 
Mediobanca International 
Mediobanca International is mainly focused on lending operations to companies in the following fo rms: 
corporate lending (bilateral loans, club deals, and syndicated facilities) and structured finance (acquisition 
finance, LBO/MBO loans, project finance, infrastructure finance, real estate finance). These uses are 
financed from funding raised on international markets via specific programmes (Notes, Structured Notes, 
Certificates, Warrants, Euro Commercial Tradable Papers, Euro Commercial Papers), short- and medium-
term, mostly guaranteed by parent company Mediobanca. 
Debt Capital Markets 
The debt capital market team manages the origination, structuring, execution and placement of bond issues 
(corporates and financials), covered bonds, and securitizations, seeking to meet its c lients’ needs fo r 
financing.  
Client Business – Market Division 
Mediobanca operates on the secondary markets, trading equities and fixed income securities, fo reign 
exchange products and credit risk, interest rate and exchange derivatives. 
 
CMS: this area structures solutions based on interest rates, credit and alternative products; it targets 
corporate clients, banks and institutional investors who need to restructure their investment portfolios, 
increase asset liquidity and diversify their sources of funding. Advisory services and structuring ad hoc 
solutions for alternative investments targets institutional investors. 
 
Equity derivatives institutional marketing: a range of equity-linked investments are offered to 
banks, insurances, asset managers and family offices, from synthetic replications of simple underlying

--- Page 79 ---
79
assets to sophisticated protection mechanisms and solutions for increasing the return o n portfolios, 
funded or unfunded. 
 
MB Securities: this is Mediobanca’s equity brokerage division, offering global access to equity markets 
and research on the Italian market (over 100 companies are covered), plus a pan-European focus on the 
financial sector (banks and insurances). A dedicated team also offers corporate broking services.  
Proprietary Trading – Trading Portfolio 
The Trading Portfolio unit (HFT Credit, HFT Fixed income, xVA, Global Macro) is responsible fo r trading 
bond portfolios and centralized management Cross Value Adjustments, providing support to both Strategic 
Portfolio & ALM and to the other Group legal entities. 
Proprietary Trading – Equity & Derivatives Trading 
The Equity & Derivatives Trading is responsible for the Bank’s trading activities in various equity market 
products (equities and derivatives). 
3.2 
Specialty Finance 
Specialty Finance activities include managing and financing credit and working capital. Factoring activities 
are manged by MBFACTA and credit management operations by MBCredit Solutions and by MB Co ntact 
Solutions. 
 
MBCredit Solutions has for many years performed credit recovery activities (on behalf of the Group 
companies and third parties) and NPL portfolio acquisitions. 
 
MBFACTA provides trade receivables sale and discount services (with and without recourse, 
maturity, supply credit) to refinance corporate working capital. As well as the financial benefits, this 
service can also include an insurance component (guarantee against insolvency or delays in payments) 
and/or a management component (portfolio management, accounting, collection and recovery). The 
factoring platform’s factoring offering will be tailored specifically to developing the mid c orporate 
segment in synergy with the other services offered by CIB to this category of firm. 
 
MB Contact Solutions is the company controlled by MBCredit Solutions specialized in outbound 
credit recovery. 
4. 
Principal investing 
The Principal Investing Division consists primarily of the Bank’s investment in Assicurazioni Generali which 
is consolidated using the equity method. The value option which the investment represents for the Group is 
in terms of available, liquid resources that can be activated in the event of growth acquisitions materializing. 
Principal Investing also includes the funds invested by the Mediobanca Group in the seed c apital o f the 
alternative funds managed by the asset management companies. 
Company 
Sector 
% of share capital 
Book value as at 31/12/21 
€m 
Assicurazioni Generali  
Insurance 
12.9% 
3,761.9 
 
5. 
Holding Functions 
5.1 
Leasing 
Mediobanca owns a direct 60% stake in SelmaBipiemme Leasing, with the other 40% held by Banca Popolare

--- Page 80 ---
80
di Milano. The group operates in financial leasing.  
5.2 
T reasury 
The Group’s Treasury and ALM units are centralized at Mediobanca level with the objective o f optimizing 
funding and liquidity management. The Group Funding unit is responsible for the Group’s funding through 
all available means (deposits, securitizations, investments). With regards to the issuing o f securities, the 
Group Funding unit is responsible for structuring, issuing and placing debt products, the proceeds from 
which are used to finance the Mediobanca’s activities. Funding operations, supported by Mediobanca’s high 
credit rating, take the form primarily of the issuance o f securities, both plain vanilla and structured. 
Securities are placed with retail investors through public offerings (implemented via the proprietary network 
of the Wealth Management companies), through individual third-party banking networks (either o n an 
exclusive basis or via groups of banks operating as syndicates), and direct sales on the MOT bo nd market 
operated by Borsa Italiana. Demand from institutional investors is met via public offerings of securities o n 
the Euromarket and by private placements of bespoke products tailored to meet the investor’s specific 
requirements. 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The Mediobanca Group is registered as a banking group in the register instituted by the Bank of Italy. 
The following diagram illustrates the structure of the Mediobanca Group as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 81 ---
MEDIOBANCA
WEALTH MANAGEMENT
Retail banking
100% CHEBANCA!
90% MEDIOBANCA COVERED 
BOND
Private Banking
100% CMB MONACO
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING
99% MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL
100% MEDIOBANCA 
INTERNATIONAL IMMOBILIERE
100% MBFACTA
79,66% MESSIER & ASSOCIES
50% MESSIER & ASSOCIATES 
(USA)
CONSUMER BANKING
100% COMPASS BANCA
90% QUARZO
90% QUARZO CQS
100% COMPASS RE (*)
100% COMPASS RENT (*)
100% COMPASS LINK
99,89% CMG COMPAGNIE 
MONEGASQUE DE GESTION
99,50% CMB ASSET 
MANAGEMENT
60% CMB REAL ESTATE 
DEVELOPMENT SAM
100% SPAFID
100% SPAFID FAMILY OFFICE SIM
100% SPAFID TRUST
100% MEDIOBANCA SGR
100% MEDIOBANCA MANAGEMENT
Co.
91.70% RAM ACTIVE INVESTMENTS
100% RAM EUROPE (LUX)
64.67% CAIRN CAPITAL GROUP
100% CAIRN CAPITAL LTD
100% CAIRN CAPITAL NORTH 
AMERICA INC
100% BYBROOK CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENTLTD
100% Bybrook Capital LLP
100% Bybrook Capital 
Services LTD
100% Bybrook Capital 
Badminton fund LTD (GP1)
100% Bybrook Capital Burton 
Partnership LTD (GP1)
100% Bybrook Capital Fund LTD
(GP1)
100% Bybrook Capital LLC 
(GP1)
100% Bybrook Capital LP
1) GeneralPartners
100% MB SECURITIES USA
100% MBCREDIT SOLUTIONS
100% MBCONTACT SOLUTIONS
(*)
Member of Mediobanca Banking Group
(*)        Not member of Mediobanca Banking Group 
Wholly-owned 100% COMPASS BANCA
81

--- Page 82 ---
82
SUBSIDIARIES AND MAIN INVESTEE COMPANIES   
Mediobanca is the parent company of the Mediobanca Banking Group. No  individual or entity c ontrols 
Mediobanca within the meaning of Article 93 of the Financial Services Act.  
A list of the main Group companies included in the area of consolidation fo r the c onsolidated financial 
statements as at the date of this Base Prospectus is shown below:  
Group com panies 
COMPASS BANCA S.P.A. 
Italy 
1 00% 
(dir) 
CHEBANCA!  S.P.A. 
Italy 
1 00% 
(dir) 
SELMABIPIEMME LEASING S.P.A. 
Italy 
6 0% 
(dir) 
CMB MONACO S.A.M. 
Principality of Monaco 
1 00% 
(dir) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A.* 
Lu xembourg 
1 00%* 
(dir) 
SPAFID S.P.A.  
Italy 
1 00% 
(dir) 
SPAFID TRUST S.R.L. 
Italy 
1 00% 
(indir) 
SPAFID CONNECT  S.P.A. 
Italy 
1 00% 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA SECURITIES USA LLC 
United States 
1 00% 
(dir) 
MEDIOBANCA SGR S.P.A. 
Italy 
1 00% 
(dir) 
MEDIOBANCA MANAGEMENT COMPANY S.A. 
Lu xembourg 
1 00% 
(dir) 
MBCREDIT SOLUTIONS S.P.A. 
Italy 
1 00% 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA INNOVATION SERVICES S.C.P.A. 
Italy 
1 00%** 
(dir) 
MBFACTA S.P.A. 
Italy 
1 00% 
(dir) 
QUARZO S.R.L. 
Italy 
9 0% 
(indir) 
QUARZO CQS S.R.L. 
Italy 
9 0% 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA COVERED BOND S.R.L. 
Italy 
9 0% 
(indir) 
C.M.B. ASSET MANAGEMENT S.A.M. 
Principality of Monaco 
9 9 .50% 
(indir) 
C.M.G. COMPAGNIE MONEGASQUE DE GESTION S.A.M. 
Principality of Monaco 
9 9 .92% 
(indir) 
COMPASS RE (LUXEMBOURG) S.A.*** 
Lu xembourg 
1 00% 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL IMMOBILIERE S.à.R.L. 
Lu xembourg 
1 00% 
(indir) 
CAIRN CAPITAL GROUP LTD 
United Kingdom 
6 4 .6% 
(dir) 
CAIRN CAPITAL LTD  
United Kingdom 
1 00% 
(indir) 
CAIRN CAPITAL NORTH AMERICA INC.  
United States 
1 00% 
(indir) 
CAIRN CAPITAL INVESTMENTS LTD (not operative) 
United Kingdom 
1 00% 
(indir)

--- Page 83 ---
83 
CAIRN INV ESTMENTS MANAGERS LTD (not operative) 
United Kingdom 
1 00% 
(indir) 
MB FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
Lu xembourg 
1 00% 
(dir) 
SPAFID FAMILY OFFICE SIM S.P.A. 
Italy 
1 00% 
(indir) 
RAM ACTIVE INV ESTMENTS S.A. 
Sw itzerland 
9 1.7% 
(dir) 
RAM ACTIVE INV ESTMENTS (LUXEMBOURG) 
Lu xembourg  
1 00% 
(indir) 
MESSIER & ASSOCIÉS S.C.A. 
France 
7 9.7% 
(dir) 
MESSIER & ASSOCIES LLC 
United States 
5 0% 
(indir) 
MBCONTACT SOLUTIONS S.R.L.*** 
Italy 
1 00% 
(indir) 
COMPASS LINK S.R.L. 
Italy 
1 00% 
(indir) 
COMPASS RENT S.R.L.*** 
Italy 
1 00% 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LIMITED 
Grand Cayman  
1 00% 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL LLP 
United Kingdom 
1 00% 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL SERVICES (UK) LIMITED 
United Kingdom 
1 00% 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL BURTON PARTNERSHIP (GP) 
LIMITED 
Grand Cayman 
1 00% 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL (GP) LLC 
Delaware 
1 00% 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL (US) LP 
Delaware 
1 00% 
(indir) 
RAM ACTIVE INV ESTMENT LIMITED (UK) 
United Kingdom 
1 00% 
(indir) 
CMB REAL ESTATE DEV ELOPMENT S.A.M.**** 
Principality of Monaco 
1 00% 
(indir) 
* 99% Mediobanca and 1% Compass  
** 99.99 Mediobanca and 0.01% subsidiary companies 
*** not part of the Mediobanca Banking Group 
****60% CMB Monaco and 40% Mediobanca 
 
BODIES RESPONSIBLE FOR GOVERNANCE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISION OF MEDIOBANCA 
Board of Directors  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors, appointed on 28 October 2020 fo r the 2021, 
2022 and 2023 financial years until the date on which the financial statements as at 30 June 2023 will be 
approved, is made up of fifteen members, eleven o f whom qualify as independent under A rticle 1 48, 
paragraph 3 of the Financial Services Act, and among them nine qualify as independent under Article 19 o f 
the Issuer’s articles of association (the requisites for which definition are substantially aligned with those of 
the voluntary code of corporate governance issued by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the “Code of Conduct”) in 
respect of listed companies). Its composition also reflects the legal requirements in terms of gender balance.

--- Page 84 ---
84
Nam e 
Post held 
Place and date of 
birth 
Posts held in other com panies 
Renato Pagliaro**  
Chairman 
Milan 
2 0/2/57 
- 
Mau rizia 
Angelo 
Com neno* (1) 
Depu ty chairman 
Rom e  
1 8/6/48 
- 
Alberto Nagel* **  
Chief Executive 
Officer 
Milan  
7 /6/65 
- 
Francesco 
Sav erio 
V inci* **  
General Manager 
Milan  
1 0/11/62 
- 
V irginie Banet (1) (2) 
Director 
Neu illy sur Seine 
1 8/1/66 
Chairman – Iolite Financial Consulting 
Director – Netgem 
Director - Lagardère 
Mau rizio Carfagna (1) (2) 
Director 
Milan  
1 3/11/47 
Director – Finprog Italia S.p.A.  
Director – Fu tura Invest S.p.A. 
Director – Istituto Europeo di Oncologia S.r.l. 
Lau ra Cioli (1) (2)  
Director 
Macerata         
1 0/7/63 
Director – Sofina S.A. 
CEO - Sirti 
Director - Wellcomm Engineering 
Mau rizio Costa (1) (2) 
Director 
Pavia  
2 9 /10/1948 
Director – Amplifon S.p.A. 
Angela Gamba (1) (2)  
Director 
Palazzolo sull’Oglio 
1 5/8/70 
Director –  FPS Investments S.r.l. 
Director – Medical Technology and Devices 
S.A. 
Director – Edison S.p.A. 
V alérie Hortefeux (1) (2)  
Director 
Au lnay (France) 
1 4/12/67 
Director – Socfinasia 
Director - Financière de L’Odet 
Maximo Ibarra (1) (2)  
Director 
Calì (Colombia) 
1 3/12/68 
Chief Execu tiv e Officer – Engineering 
Ingegneria Informatica S.p.A. 
Chairman and CEO - Engineering D HUB 
S.p.A. e Cybertech S.r.l. 
Alberto Lupoi (1) (2)  
Director 
Rom e 29/3/70 
- 
Elisabetta Magistretti (1) 
Director 
Bu sto Arsizio 
2 1/7/47 
Director – SMEG S.p.A. 
Director – Brembo S.p.A.  
V ittorio Pignatti-
Morano Campori (1) (2) 
Director 
Rom e 
1 4/9/57 
Director – Trilantic Capital Management GP 
Director – Trilantic Capital Partners 
Management 
Director – Trilantic Capital Partners V 
Management 
Director – Ocean Ring Jersey Co 
Director – Ocean Trade Lux Co 
Director – ICS Maugeri 
Director – Edizione S.r.l. 
Director Lilium Restaurants Ltd 
Gabriele Villa*  
Director 
Milan 18/6/64 
Standing Auditor – Edison S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor – Italmobiliare S.p.A.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
* 
Member of Executive Committee. 
** 
Member of Mediobanca senior management. 
(1) 
Independent Director pursuant to Article 148, paragraph 3 of the Financial Services Act. 
(2) 
Independent Director pursuant to Article 19 of the Issuer’s articles of association. 
 
 
All Board members are in possession of the requisites to hold such o ffice by law, in terms o f fitness, 
professional qualifications and independence (in the latter case applicable only to the independent directors). 
The address for all members of the Board of Directors for the duties they discharge is: Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1, 
20121 Milan, Italy. 
Statutory Audit Committee  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Statutory Audit Committee, appointed on 28 October 2020 for the 
2021, 2022 and 2023 financial years until the date on which the financial statements as at 30 June 2023 will 
be approved, is made up of three Standing Auditors and two Alternate Auditors. 
Nam e 
Post held 
Place and date of 
birth 
Posts held in other com panies  
Francesco Di Carlo 
Chairman 
Milan 
4 /10/69 
Director – Milano Investment Partners SGR 
Elena Pagnoni 
Standing Auditor 
Colleferro (RM) 
1 0/5/63 
- 
Ambrogio V irgilio 
Standing Auditor 
Bari  
5 /1/56 
- 
Marcella Caradonna 
Alternate Auditor 
Stornara (FG)  
2 2 /5/59 
Chairman Statu tory Aud it C om mittee  – 
Collegio dei Revisori CTI, Corneliani, OTS 
Director - FNM  
Chairman Statutory Audit Committee – A TS 
Milano  
Independent Director – Integrae SIM 
Standing Auditor - ENI, Cov ercare, Nu ov a 
Corneliani 
 
Roberto Moro 
Alternate 
Au ditor 
Milan 
4 /3 /55 
Chairman of Statutory Audit Committee –IRE 
Holding 
Standing Auditor – Antas S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor – Energy Wave 
Standing Auditor – Fidiger 
Standing Auditor – Spafid 
Sole Auditor – Quarzo S.r.l. 
Sole Auditor – COMPASS Rent S.r.l. 
Sole Auditor – MBContact Solutions S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor - Compass Link 
Standing Auditor - ASM Energia 
Standing Auditor - Energean International, 
Energean Italy, Energean Sicilia

--- Page 86 ---
86
Nam e 
Post held 
Place and date of 
birth 
Posts held in other com panies  
Stefano Sarubbi 
Alternate 
Au ditor 
Milan 
6 /12/65 
Chairman of Statutory Au dit C om mitte e –
Coca Cola Italia S.r.l. 
Chairman of Statutory Au dit C om mitte e – 
Inw it S.p.A.  
Director – Sigmagest S.p.A. 
Chairman of Statutory Au dit C om mitte e –
Acque Minerali 
Chairman of Statutory Au dit C om mitte e - 
Destination Italia 
Director - Manifatture Sigaro Toscano 
 
All Statutory Audit Committee members are in possession of the requisites to hold such o ffice by law, in 
terms of fitness, professional qualifications and independence; and are all registered as auditors. 
The address for all members of the Statutory Audit Committee for the duties they discharge is: Piazzetta E. 
Cuccia 1, 20121 Milan, Italy. 
Conflicts of interest among bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision  
A ban was instituted pursuant to Article 36 of Italian Decree Law 201/11, as converted into Italian Law 
214/11, on representatives of banks, insurers and financial companies from holding positions in c ompanies 
which operate in the same sectors. Each year the Board of Directors assesses the positions of the individual 
directors, which may have changed as a result of changes in the activities or size of the other companies in 
which they hold posts. To this end, each director, including in order to avoid potential conflict o f interest, 
shall inform the Board of any changes in the positions assumed by them in the course of their term of office. 
Mediobanca also adopts the procedure recommended under Article 136 of the Banking Act fo r approval of 
transactions involving individuals who perform duties of management and control in o ther companies 
controlled by such parties. 
Members of the bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision are also required to 
comply, inter alia, with the following provisions: 
 
Article 53 of the Banking Act and implementing regulations enacted by the Bank of Italy, in particular 
the supervisory provisions on links with related parties; 
 
Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code (Directors’ Interests); 
 
Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code (Transactions with Related Parties) and the Consob 
implementing regulations, in particular the Regulations on Transactions with Related Parties approved 
under resolution no. 17221 of 12 March 2010. 
Transactions with “related parties” are described in part H (Related party disclosure) o f the financial 
statements for the six months ended 31 December 2021 (see “Documents incorporated by reference” above).  
The members of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Audit Committee of Mediobanca do not have any 
conflicts or potential conflicts of interest between their duties to Mediobanca and their private interests or 
other duties. 
SHARE CAPITAL 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Mediobanca’s share capital, fully subscribed and paid up, is equal to 
€443,640,006.50 made up of 864,698,552 without par value.

--- Page 87 ---
87
MAIN SHAREHOLDERS 
Information on ownership structure 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, individuals or entities who based on the shareholders’ register and 
publicly available information own directly or indirectly financial instruments representing share capital with 
voting rights in excess of 3% (relevant threshold pursuant to article 120 of the Financial Services Act) o f the 
company’s share capital, directly or indirectly, are listed below:  
 
Shareholder 
% of share capital 
1  
Leonardo del Vecchio(1)  
1 9.4 
2  
Francesco Gaetano Caltagirone(2) 
5 .5 
3  
Black Rock group(3) 
4 .1  
4  
Mediolanum group 
3 .4 
(1) Indirect participation held via Delfin SARL. 
(2) Indirect participation held via Istituto Finanziario 2012 S.p.A., Gamma S.r.l. and Fincal S.p.A. 
(3) BlackRock Inc. (NY) through fifteen asset management subsidiaries (form 120 B of 6  August 2020), of which 0.69% 
pontential holding and 0.13% other long positions with cash settlement. 
 
Updates relating to information on the main shareholders are published from t ime t o tim e on  the Issu er's w ebsi te 
w ww.mediobanca.com in the relevant section http s://w ww.me diobanca.com /en/c orp orate -gov ernance /m ain-
shareholders/main-shareholders.html  without prejudice to the obligations set forth in Artic le 2 3 of t he Pr ospectu s 
Regu lation regarding the possible drafting of a su pplement. 
Shareholders’ Agreement 
On 20 December 2018, certain shareholders of Mediobanca holding No. 183,887,317 shares representing 
approximately 20.73% of the share capital of the Issuer entered into a prior consultation shareholders’ 
agreement (the “Shareholders’ Agreement”) pursuant to Article 122 of the Financial Services Act and the 
Consob resolution No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as subsequently amended. Such Shareholders’ Agreement is 
effective from 1 January 2019. No provision is made in the Shareholders’ Agreement fo r c ommitments in 
terms of lock-up or votes in respect of the shares syndicated to it. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Shareholders’’Agreement involves shares representing approximately 10.65% o f the share c apital o f the 
Issuer.  
Information on the Shareholders’ Agreement may be found on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/main-shareholders/shareholder-consultation-
agreement.html.  
Agreements the performance of which may result in a change of control subsequent to the 
date hereof 
Mediobanca is not aware of any agreements aimed at bringing about future changes regarding the ownership 
structure of Mediobanca. 
T REASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PROGRAMME 
At an annual general meeting held on 28 October 2021, the shareholders of Mediobanca approved: 
o 
a resolution concerning a share buyback programme up to 3% of the Issuer’s share capital (equal to 
No. 25,871,097 shares), and to use such shares, with no limits or restrictions on timing, fo r possible 
acquisitions, for the implementation of share-based payment schemes for Group staff, for sale o n the 
market and/or over the counter (OTC), and/or for cancellation; 
o 
to cancel a maximum total of No. 48,452,558 treasury shares (up to No. 22,581,461 Mediobanca shares

--- Page 88 ---
88
already owned as treasury shares, and up to No. 25,871,097 Mediobanca shares that may be bought 
back), also in tranches, by and no later than 28 April 2023. 
On 1 December 2021 No. 22,581,461 treasury shares in the Issuer’s portfolio were cancelled without reducing 
the share capital. 
The share buyback programme commenced on 6 December 2021 and will be c ompleted within twelve 
months of the ECB authorization obtained on 11 November 2021. 
As at 30 April 2022, under the terms of the programme, Mediobanca had acquired a total of 1 8,445,561 
shares, equal to 2.13% of the company’s share capital, for a total outlay of approximately €170 million. 
AUDITORS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
External auditors and auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements 
At the annual general meeting held on 28 October 2020, the shareholders o f Mediobanca appointed EY  
S.p.A. to audit the Issuer’s separate and consolidated full-year and interim financial statements for the period 
2022-2030 up to and including the financial year ending 30 June 2030. 
EY  S.p.A., a company with its registered offices in Via Meravigli, 12, 20123, Milan, Italy, is the c urrent 
independent auditors of Mediobanca and it has performed a limited review on the consolidated half-year 
financial statements of Mediobanca as at 31 December 2021, incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. EY is authorised and regulated by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (“MEF”) and 
registered on the special register of auditing firms held by MEF under No. 70945. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. a company with its registered offices inPiazza Tre Torri 2, Milan, Italy, was 
the former independent auditors of Mediobanca and it has audited the separate and consolidated financial 
statements of Mediobanca as at 30 June 2020 and 30 June 2021, both incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus. PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A is authorised and regulated by the Italian Ministry o f 
Economy and Finance (“MEF”) and registered on the special register of auditing firms held by MEF under 
No. 119644. 
Information regarding resignations, dismissals or failures to renew the appointment of the 
external auditors or the auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no information about any resignation, revocation or non-renewal 
of the engagement of the external auditors or the auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the proceedings involving Mediobanca and its consolidated 
subsidiaries may have, or have had in the recent past, a material impact on the Group’s financial position o r 
profitability, and as far as Mediobanca is aware, no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings 
which may have such material impact has either been announced or is pending.  
A description of the main tax disputes and litigation pending is provided below, purely fo r information 
purposes: 
Litigation pending and tax disputes  
− 
Civil Proceedings - Claim for damages  
Among the most significant legal proceedings still pending against Mediobanca there are the following 
two claims for damages made respectively by: 
o 
Monte dei Paschi di Siena (“FMPS”) against – inter alia – Mediobanca, in respect of 
participation with criminal intent by virtue of an alleged non-contractual liability, jointly with 
the other thirteen lender banks, for alleged damages to FMPS in connection with the execution 
of the Term Facility Agreement on 4 June 2011 and the consequent breach of FMPS’s Articles of 
Association (20% limit on debt/equity ratio) in a total amount of €286m. The case is c urrently

--- Page 89 ---
89
pending with the court of Florence; 
o 
Lucchini S.p.A. in A.S. (“Lucchini”) against 12 banks (including Mediobanca) claiming that the 
banks would have contributed to the economic and financial distress of the company for having 
drawn up and executed an industrial and financial plan of the company based o n allegedly 
unrealistic forecasts and a restructuring agreement pursuant to article 182-bis of the bankruptcy 
law which provided for guarantees excessively favourable to the banks, thus delaying Lucchini's 
submission to the extraordinary administration procedure. With a ruling on 21 July 2020, the 
Court of Milan rejected Lucchini's request, ordering him to pay the costs. With a notice of appeal 
served on 28 September 2020 Lucchini appealed the sentence. The parties are c urrently 
awaiting the final judgement of the Court of Appeal.  
− 
T ax – Administrative proceedings  
With regard to the dispute pending with the tax authorities, it should note that there were no 
significant changes with respect to the previous year. 
With reference to the alleged non-application of transparency taxation (tassazione per trasparenza), 
provided for by the Controlled Foreign Company (CFC) regulations, of the income produced by CMB 
Monaco (formerly called Compagnie Monégasque de Banque) and Compagnie Monégasque de Gestion 
for the financial years 2013, 2014 and 2015 three disputes are pending with the tax authorities. In 
detail, the dispute regarding the financial year 2013/2014 (profits 2013, tax o f € 21.3 million plus 
interest and penalties), in which Mediobanca was victorious in first instance, is pending before the 
Lombardy Regional Tax Court following an appeal lodged by the Revenue Office; disputes relating to 
the 2014/15 and 2015/16 fiscal years (respectively profits 2014 and 2015, tax of € 1 6.1 million and € 
16.4 million, plus interest and penalties) are pending the first instance hearing; 
With reference to the alleged failure to apply withholding taxes by Mediobanca on interest paid as part 
of a secured financing transaction in addition to the dispute of the year 2014 (tax of € 2.3 million, plus 
interest and penalties) and of which the setting of the first level hearing is awaited, a notice o f 
assessment has been served in relation to 2015 (tax for € 1.9 million, plus interest and penalties), 
which the Bank intends to challenge. 
With reference to the three disputes regarding the failure to reimburse interest accrued on VAT credits 
claimed by SelmaBipiemme, relating to various years (totaling € 9.4 million in interest), o n 1 4 June 
2021, the Lombardy Regional Tax Court accepted SelmaBipiemme's appeal and o bliged the tax 
authorities to reimburse interest relating to year 2005 (totaling € 6.8 million). The deadline fo r the 
authorities to appeal to the Supreme Court is still pending. In order to cover the potential liability 
linked to a negative outcome, the company has set aside provisions for risks and charges of € 6 million. 
− 
Further tax proceedings 
In addition to those listed above, eleven additional disputes are pending, including: 
one relating to the alleged failure by the former Banca Esperia S.p.A. to report a transfer of money to 
foreign countries as part of the tax monitoring communication, against which penalties were imposed 
for € 5.9 million. The Company was unsuccessful in the first two levels o f judgment and paid the 
disputed amount. An appeal is pending before the Supreme Court; 
one relating to VAT overpaid by SelmaBipiemme in relation to nautical leasing transactions in 2004, 
2005 and 2006 (tax refund requested of € 1.7 million). The company has appealed the Revenue 
Office's decision to reject the request for reimbursement and is waiting for a hearing to be scheduled; 
nine relating to direct and indirect taxes, of minor importance and with different levels o f judgment, 
for a total of € 1.4 million in taxes assessed. 
Mediobanca SGR was also sued as manager of the real estate fund "Marsupio" in relation to the alleged 
failure to pay substitute tax on 3 transactions for a higher assessed tax of € 7 46.000 (c harged to the 
fund). The Company was victorious in the first instance, but lost in the second and has appealed to the 
Supreme Court.

--- Page 90 ---
90
On 17 December 2020, Compass was served two invitations to contradictory proceedings containing 
findings for IRES and IRAP purposes for the 2015/16 financial year relating to income generated by 
the insurance brokerage activity carried out with regard to its clients and relations with the subsidiary 
Compass RE. The contradictory phase ended in March 2021 with an adhesion process regarding 
transfer pricing and the payment of higher taxes for € 3.5 million, in addition to interest and penalties 
for a total of € 1.6 million. In June 2021 the Company activated o n its own initiative an adhesion 
process with the tax authorities on income of the same nature produced in the financial years 2016/17 
and 2017/18; this process was concluded on 23 July 2021 with the payment of approximately € 2.1 
million of higher taxes, in addition to interest and penalties for a total of € 0.4 million, covering both 
years. The extension of the method accepted by the Administration to transactions carried out by 
Compass and Compass RE in subsequent years would not result in the emergence of higher income for 
the Company. 
− 
Proceedings with supervisory authorities 
Mediobanca has no ongoing proceedings with any supervisory authority. 
The effects of the "Lexitor" sentence on retail operations are contained and limited to any disputes o n 
early repayments of consumer credit practices (above all assignment of o ne-fifth of salary), which 
occurred before 5 December 2019 (date of the letter to the market from the Bank of Italy on the Lexitor 
sentence), for which a number of complaints have been received that are following the normal 
procedural process. On 25 July 2021 Law no. 106/2021 came into force, converting Decree Law no. 
7 3/2021, which reformulated the text of art. 125 sexies of the Consolidated Banking Law and clarified 
that the effects of the aforementioned sentence only apply to contracts concluded after the entry into 
force of the aforementioned law. As reported, Compass allocated a provision of € 15 million, of which € 
3.5 million was used. 
− 
Antitrust proceedings 
As far as the Group is concerned, Compass, following proceedings with the Italian Antitrust Authority, 
in relation to the alleged forced combination of financing and insurance products not related to lo an, 
had two proceedings pending before the Lazio Regional A dministrative Co urt to c hallenge the 
measures by which the aforementioned proceedings have been concluded. Of the two judgments, the 
first ended with the rejection of the appeal by the court (sentence published on 6 September 2021), 
whilst the second is currently still pending before the Lazio Regional A dministrative Co urt. In the 
meantime Compass will also assess the advisability of a possible appeal to the Council of State o f the 
first measure within the terms of the law. 
− 
Inspections 
As part of the ordinary supervisory activities by the ECB, it should be noted that an OSI (on-site 
inspection) on the subject of “market risk” was launched in September 2019. The final report o f the 
inspection was delivered on 22 March 2021; the Issuer remains waiting for the report to be 
acknowledged by the JST (Joint Supervisory Team) of the ECB and any recommendations to be 
provided by it. 
In November 2021, an additional inspection was launched in parallel, which will focus specifically on 
market risk issues relating to calculation and monitoring of trading P&L, independent price 
verification and fair value measurement on a small sample of selected transactions. 
MATERIAL AGREEMENTS 
Neither Mediobanca nor any of the companies controlled by Mediobanca has entered into or participates in 
agreements outside of their normal course of business which could result an obligation o r entitlement fo r 
Group members that would impact significantly on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations in respect of the 
holders of financial instruments issued or to be issued.

--- Page 91 ---
91
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
Mediobanca approved the consolidated quarterly report as at 31 March 2022 
On 11 May 2022, the Board of Directors of Mediobanca examined and approved the consolidated quarterly 
report as at and for the three-month period ended 31 March 2022. For further information see the press 
release headed “Financial statements as at 31 March 2022 approved” dated 11 May 2022, incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus (see, “Documents incorporated by reference” above).

--- Page 92 ---
92 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA – BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
The consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the years ended 30 June 2021 and 
2020 were prepared in accordance with IFRS, as endorsed by the European Union.  
The consolidated interim financial statements of Mediobanca for the six months ended 31 December 2021 
were prepared in accordance with IFRS, as endorsed by the European Union. 
The consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020 
have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., whose report thereon is attached to such annual 
consolidated financial statements. 
The consolidated interim financial statements of Mediobanca for the half-year ended 31 December 2021 have 
been subject to limited review by EY S.p.A., whose report thereon is attached to such interim c onsolidated 
financial statements. 
All of the above consolidated financial statements, prepared in each case together with the notes thereto, are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference” above.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SELLER 
 
CheBanca overview 
CheBanca is the retail bank of the Mediobanca Group, focused on affluent & premier customer. 
Originally founded in 2008 as a digital bank, over the last years, CheBanca has focused o n developing the 
wealth management business, significantly increasing volumes, revenue and profitability. 
Brief History: 
 Established by merge from Micos Banca (which used to operate exclusively in the 
mortgage business) thus creating a new multichannel banking operator (o nline, phone 
service and branches) offering saving accounts and mortgages. 
 CheBanca enlarged its offering, including investment services and enforcing its advisory 
capabilities, and launched of personalized mutual funds and bancassurance offering. 
 CheBanca concluded the acquisition of a selected perimeter of the Barclays’ retail banking 
business.  
 CheBanca launched its Financial Advisors Network, building a widespread network over 
the whole Country.  
 As part of the Wealth Management Division of Mediobanca, CheBanca consolidated its 
role as wealth manager for affluent and premier customers, strengthening and completing 
its investment platform with advances advisory services. and premier c ustomers, 
strengthen 
 Levering on a new brand positioning, CheBanca counted on approximately 1.000 advisors 
and reaches €34.2 billion of total financial assets, equally composed by investments and 
liabilities, and €11.3 billion Mortgages. 
 
Profile and Ambitions 
With its innately sustainable and technologically cutting-edge approach, CheBanca has consolidates its role 
as a wealth manager for affluent and premier customer. 
CheBanca offers its broad customer base an innovative and distinctive business model: 
 
a truly omni-channel distribution model through branches, financial advisors, online and partners; 
 
fair and transparent pricing in line with increasingly tighter regulatory standards; 
 
top-quality services largely tailored to each customer’s needs; and 
 
a distribution network of 204 point of sales, for optimal geographical coverage, combined with a state-of-
the-art digital platform. 
CheBanca aims to serve its customer base increasingly better by: 
2008 
2014 
2016 
2017 
2019 
2021 
 
2008

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
continuous enhancement of its digital platforms, which will include updating our app-based and remote 
advisory service, while preserving the value of personal relationships with customers; 
 
expanding sales force, focusing on the quality and value of people; 
 
developing the product range with an offer increasingly in line with investment needs; and 
 
improving the segmentation of products and customers to personalize services based on each customer’s 
profile, promoting the group's expertise. 
Sustainability 
 
Transparent, valuable, fair-priced investment services; 
 
High level of customer satisfaction and loyalty; 
 
Recurrent and diversified income. 
Innovation 
 
Easy, efficient, real omni-channel distribution model; 
 
Digital excellence since establishment.  
Brand 
 
Significant and continuous investments in brand and product development are made to c reate strong 
and sustainable consideration; 
 
New advertising campaign launched in September 2020: the “Increase your Vision” campaign was 
launched, focusing on the CheBanca advisory approach. With bespoke advice based on dialogue with its 
customers and a sophisticated technology platform, CheBanca is positioning itself to partner its clients in 
their financial planning, starting from their objectives and incorporating them into a long-term vision, 
combining competence, innovation and sustainability; 
 
Consistent brand “delivery” through all the “touch points”: advertising, branch, web site, product design; 
 
Investments in corporate brand identity: the entire communication platform has been overhauled, with 
full restyling of the institutional website, the digital channels and progressively also the layout of the 
branch offices throughout Italy. 
Products 
 
Strong focus on the whole customer experience: product communication, subscription and management; 
 
Competitive pricing: high value for money, no price leadership; 
 
A complete product range including: 
o Investment products; 
o Advisory service (base, advanced); 
o Checking account and cards; 
o Saving account for retail and business customers;

--- Page 95 ---
95
o A full set of mortgage products; 
o Insurance products (life, unemployment, accidents, home); 
o Personal loans (originated by Compass, consumer credit factory within MB Group). 
Distribution 
Since 2017 to the Proprietary Branch Network, with CheBanca employees, has been added a network of 
financial advisors, operating as agents. Both the business lines reports to the general manager.  
 
Integrated channel management: customers can buy and operate with their products across all the 
channels (internet, call center, branches, financial advisors); 
 
At end of December 2021, overall the distribution network c onsists o f 503 premier relationship 
managers and 493 financial advisors, working at 204 branches and points of sale (vs 200 at end-
December 2020) in 18 Regions; 
 
Branch focused on sales and value added services (such as sale of asset management products), o nline 
banking more simple, comprehensive and efficient to facilitate independent transactions; 
 
Strategy to be the leading digitally omni-channel bank and serve our clients in all their banking needs. 
Economic results in detail  
At the end of June 2021 the net interest income of CheBanca amounted to €228,2 million and net fees 
increased at €125,9 million. The net banking income amounted to €358,1 million (€316,8m at the end o f 
June 2020). Net of writeoffs for credit risk (€21,8 million), the net result on financial operations increased to 
€336,3 million. 
PROFIT AND LOSS STATEMENT (€000) 
June 2020 June 2021 December 
2021 H1 
Interest and similar income 
340.202  
355.728  
181.739  
Interest expense and similar charges 
-125.126  
-127.530  
-62.023  
Net interest income 
215.075  
228.198  
119.715  
Fee and commission income 
144.973  
179.504  
106.874  
Fee and commission expense 
-43.930  
-53.642  
-32.168  
Net fee and commission income 
101.043  
125.862  
74.706  
Other Gain/(loss) 
7 10  
3.992  
1.283  
T otal income 
316.828  
358.053  
195.705  
Net writeoffs (writebacks) for credit risk 
-20.707  
-21.780  
-7 .184  
Net income from financial operations 
296.121  
336.273  
188.521  
Administrative expenses 
-259.412  
-280.993  
-155.778  
Net transfers to provisions 
-2.662  
-5.615  
-6.195  
Operating costs 
-262.074  
-286.608  
-161.972  
Gain (loss) on equity investments 
13  
0  
0  
Profit (loss) on ordinary activity before tax 
34.060  
49.665  
26.549  
Income tax for the year on ordinary activities 
-11.633  
-16.814  
-8.737  
Net profit (loss) for the period 
22.427  
32.851  
17.812

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Operating costs at the end of June 2021 amounted to €286,6m, increased compared to 2020 mainly due to 
the growth of the business. The profit at the end of the period is equal to €32,9m. 
BALANCE SHEET ASSETS (€000) 
June 2020 
June 2021 
December 
2021 H1 
Cash and cash equivalents 
      108.475  
      170.442  
      200.196  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
        20.253  
        21.576  
        42.707  
Due from banks 
  12.168.404  
  16.691.015  
  16.746.437  
Due from customers 
  10.777.704  
  11.680.746  
  11.844.432  
Hedging derivatives 
               -  
        18.465  
        46.853  
Equity investments 
               69  
               69  
               69  
Property, plant and equipment 
      119.559  
      136.155  
      134.885  
Intangible assets 
          9.814  
          4.932  
          5.060  
Tax assets 
        43.597  
        43.692  
        40.096  
Other assets 
      218.187  
      252.431  
      264.359  
T otal assets 
  23.466.061    29.019.522    29.325.094  
 
BALANCE SHEET LIABILITIES & EQUITY 
(€000) 
June 2020 
June 2021 
December 
2021 H1 
Due to banks 
6.982.332  
10.743.027  
11.022.735  
Due to customers 
15.390.775  
17.041.276  
17.144.945  
Hedging derivatives 
329.274  
131.907  
84.167  
Tax liabilities 
7 .254  
6.072  
3.849  
Other liabilities 
206.713  
238.815  
198.544  
Staff severance indemnity provision 
2.192  
2.265  
2.316  
Provisions 
19.696  
15.745  
14.822  
Net equity 
505.398  
807.564  
835.904  
Profit (Loss) for the period (+/-) 
22.427  
32.851  
17.812  
T otal liabilities and net equity 
23.466.061  29.019.522  29.325.094  
Source: audited annual financial statements of the Seller as at and for the years indicated in the relevant 
tables 
T he Originator’s Position in the Loan Mortgage Market in Italy 
Residential Mortgage Market Trend 2016 – 2021  
In 2021 Italian families received funding for residential mortgages for € 61,611 million. Compared to the 
same period of 2020, there was an increase in disbursements of +22%. 
The growth in disbursements that characterized the period up to 2016 was led by the c ollapse in interest 
rates and the substitution operations, during the last years CheBanca is facing an important growth in 
financing related to real estate market, in particular in 2018 and 2019. At the end o f 2021, the weight o f 
substitution mortgages on total disbursements represented the 11%. 
In Italy the growth of residential mortgages stock continues; since 2016 it shows an annual growth rate of 3% 
(in line with the recovery in the volumes of new purchase mortgages).

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Disbursement of residential mortgages - Italian Market (€mln) 
Stock of residential mortgages - Italian Market (€mln) 
Breakdown of disbursement - Italian Market % 

In 2021 Italian households confirmed their preference to fixed rate mortgages, that accounted 90% of
total disbursement from January to December 2021.

Floating rate mortgages at the same period of 2021 registered at 6%.

Italian households continued to prefer amount between €101k and € 200k and relatively long maturity
(>26 years).
T ype of rate 
(Source: Assofin)
48.923
47.423
50.518
48.894
50.519
61.611
303.228
313.066
322.909
330.540
339.566
359.335
3%
4%
31%
25%
21%
19%
7%
6%
63%
69%
75%
77%
90%
90%
2016
2018
+3%
2017
2019
2020 
2021 
6% 
6% 
2016
2017
4% 
2018
2019
2020
6% 
2021
Mixed rate
Fixed rate 
Float  rate
+22% 
Dec 2017 
Dec 2018 
Dec 2016 
Dec 2019
Dec 2020
Dec 2021

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Amount of disbursement 
(Source: Assofin)
Maturity of disbursement 
(S ource: Assofin)
CheBanca Market Share - Trend 2016 - 2021 
At the end of 2021 CheBanca market share of disbursement is equal to 3,27% in line with the growth of recent 
y ears. 
From January to December 2021 CheBanca registered € 2.016 million of disbursements (+5% compared to the 
same period of 2020 € 1.274 m). With reference to the disbursements of 2021: 
o
Most of the disbursements regarded home purchases or home renovation (77%), the remaining
disbursement for substitutions (16%) and liquidity or consolidation debts (7%)
o
Most of the disbursements referred to long-term maturities (88% referred to contract terms of equal or
more than 20 years)
o
Fixed rate mortgages accounted for the 98%, considering the “rata protetta” product, a mortgage with 
floating rate and fixed payment, the percentage grow up to 99%.
16%
18%
18%
20%
22%
25%
49%
50%
50%
49%
50%
49%
28%
26%
25%
24%
22%
20%
32%
35%
34%
39%
38%
45%
20%
21%
21%
19%
20%
19%
24%
24%
25%
24%
26%
23%
16%
13%
12%
12%
12%
10%
8%
7 %
7 %
3%
3% 
4% 
3% 
2016
3% 
3% 
3% 
2017
2018
3% 
4% 
4% 
2019
2% 
4% 
2020 
2% 
2021 
≤ €50k 
> €201k <€500k
> €51k <€100k
≥ €500k
> €101k <€200k
2016 
2019 
5% 
2017
2020
2018
4% 
2021 
< 10y 
16y < 20y 
11y < 15y
> 26y
21y < 25y

--- Page 99 ---
99 
  
LENDING POLICY AND CREDIT APPROVAL PROCESS 
Introduction 
CheBanca’s policies for granting mortgages provide restrictions in relation to the specific product (term, 
disbursement limit vis-à-vis the appraised value, maximum/minimum amount, minimum guarantees). There 
are also three types of requirements for all mortgages: 
 
specific requirements for the applicant, with regard to: 
o personal requirements (minimum/maximum age, citizenship, residence); 
o profession and professional experience (free-lance professional, self-employed worker, full-time 
employee, retired); 
Market Share of Disbursement, % 
                                
 
Disbursement 
€/m 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
CheBanca! 
1.087  
1.394  
1.729  
2.265  
1.929  
2.016  
Market 48.923  47.423  50.518  48.894  50.519  61.611  
Market share 2,22% 2,94% 3,42% 4,63% 3,82% 3,27% 
 
Market Share of Stock, % 
 
                           
 
Stock €/m 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
CheBanca! 
7 .231  
7 .670  
8.322  
9.730  
10.596  
11.127  
Market 303.228  313.066  322.918  333.350  339.566  359.335  
Market share 2,38% 2,45% 
2,58% 
2,92% 
3,12% 
3,10% 
 
Source Bank of Italy and CheBanca! analysis,  Note: due to renewal and consolidation of data from Bank of Italy, data from 2016 to 
2017 could be subjet to variaton respect previous reports.  
 
2,22% 
3,82% 
2,94% 
3,42% 
4,63% 
3,27% 
2,92% 
2,58% 
2,38% 
3,10% 
2,45% 
3,12%

--- Page 100 ---
100
o earnings situation (ratio of monthly installment to monthly net income, minimum disposable income, 
level of debt); 
 
specific requirements for the guarantor with regard to the level of debt and the specific relationship with 
the applicant; 
 
specific requirements for the property with regard to: 
o restrictions on location and on the property’s state and conditions; 
o restrictions on specific elements that may reduce the possibility for the Bank to take an interest in an 
unencumbered asset. 
Credit Review and Approval Process 
The credit disbursement process is mainly made up of the phases outlined below and detailed in the next 
slides: 
 
The credit application and approval process for the disbursement to a new customer includes the following 
activities: 
 
preliminary contact, aimed at detecting the needs and the pre-requirements for granting the loan; 
 
gathering of the documentation needed for a preliminary feasibility assessment; 
 
evaluation through the credit policies based on customer monthly income/debt position; 
 
property appraisal by an external company; 
 
final approval and subsequent closing of the contract. 
Preliminary contact 
During this phase CheBanca evaluates the applications from the customer and identifies the applicant’s 
financial needs. The preliminary contact could be with the branch manager / teller, the financial advisor, the 
call center operator, the Internet site and brokers partnered with CheBanca. 
Application and Gathering Documentation 
Upon presentation of the application for the mortgage, the c ustomer is asked to supply the fo llowing 
documentation (the list is an example and is not all inclusive): 
Personal data: 
 
fiscal code and valid ID document (ID cart, passport or driver’s license); 
 
family status certificate; and 
Sales Division 
Partner 
Credit Department 
Operations 
 
 
 
 
PRELIMINARY 
CONTACT 
APPLICATION 
AND 
DOCUMENTATION 
GATHERING 
EARNINGS  
ANALYSIS AND 
CREDIT SCORING 
APPRAISAL OF 
PROPERTY 
VALUE 
APPROVAL 
CONTRACT  
ARRANGEMENT  
AND  
DISBURSEMENT

--- Page 101 ---
101
 
residence certificate 
Income information: 
 
most recent earnings statement issued for tax purposes, 2 most recent payroll stubs, income tax return; 
 
ID card / certification for registration on a professional register, document for issuance of a value-added 
tax number; 
 
employer’s statement of employment and hire date; and 
 
most recent quarterly bank account statement, updated to the most recent month, with evidence of the 
crediting of payroll or business volume for a professional. 
Investment detail: 
 
copy of preliminary sale-purchase contract and/or proposal to purchase; 
 
deed of origin (current owner’s deed of ownership); and 
 
floor plan and up-to-date cadastral survey. 
Credit Scoring Assessment 
The first evaluation at the credit department foresees three main steps:  
1. 
Preliminary Overview 
Once the application is received at the credit department, the analyst: 
 
maps the customer’s outstanding loans; 
 
checks the declared sources of income introducing discounted rates where needed; 
 
verifies how the application credit “ratios” stand versus the threshold set in the credit policy; and 
 
checks for the presence of protests and impediments. 
2. 
Credit Scoring  
After the preliminary check, the analyst carries out an automated credit scoring process that calculates 
a credit risk score through a proprietary algorithm based on: 
 
CRIF Credit Bureau Score, an application risk score provided by CRIF (CRIF is a private credit 
information bureau, specialized in credit information systems and management o f a private c entral 
information file); and 
 
CheBanca’s internal score, based on information concerning the credit request and borrower 
characteristics. 
The algorithm is implemented in SAS environment of Mediobanca 
3. 
In-depth analysis 
Interrogation of Bank of Italy’s Central Credit Register (Centrale dei Rischi) ) to gather information o n the 
overall risk profile of all subjects involved into the operation (borrower, co-borrower, guarantor).

--- Page 102 ---
102
Depending on the outcome, the process continues with: 
 
customer’s debt position “quality”; and 
 
evaluation of customer’s current account (whether in/outflows are consistent with 
income/debt/spending attitude). 
At this step, in case the application is “border line”, the analyst may suggest the sale rep to: 
 
reduce the mortgage amount; 
 
increase the mortgage maturity; and/or 
 
acquire a mortgage guarantor. 
Once this step is completed the analyst may: 
 
proceed the application to the next step (in case the mortgage amount complies with his/her approved 
threshold); 
 
submit to a higher approving body for the authorization to proceed with the approval; or 
 
reject the application. 
Appraisal of Property to Secure the Mortgage 
A property appraisal by an outside company is required for any transaction (regardless of the amount) pre-
approved through the credit analysis. The company in c harge of the appraisal visits the property and 
documents the visit with photo.s PRAXI, EAGLE&WISE (ex EFFELLE Ricerche) and CERV ED are, at the 
moment, the qualified and certified companies used for the property appraisals. The external company does 
the appraisal on the basis of certified and standardized evaluation criteria. 
The quarterly key evaluation data are used to re-evaluate the property value, through statistical 
methodologies based on market quotation indexes provided by Nomisma. In case of significant depreciation 
(>10%) against the original value of the property, it must be appraised again. 
Once the appraisal is received, the analyst verifies: 
• 
comprehensiveness; 
• 
compliance with credit policies as far as property concerns; 
• 
property value vs. benchmark; 
• 
property value vs. mortgage amount, considering the maximum LTV admitted; 
• 
consistency of cadastral data; and 
• 
the property’s current conditions, habitability and compliance with regulation. 
Checking of parameters and approving resolution 
Once the application package is complete (including the notary’s preliminary report), the c heck of 
consistency is carried out. The analyst inputs a definitive recommendation and submits the file to the 
person/body having in charge the mortgage approval (in terms of amount and credit risk score). During this 
process, the information system automatically checks the compliance of:

--- Page 103 ---
103
• 
parameters for the capacity to finance (as provided by the Bank of Italy); 
• 
parameters defined by internal procedures (i.e. debt ratio); and 
• 
usury threshold parameters. 
In order to ensure the proper application of c redit policy, mortgages are approved according to an 
authorization procedure formalized on the basis of operating authority limits established fo r the persons 
responsible. The system checks the extent of the analyst’s approval authority with respect to the amount  and 
credit risk score of the financing.  
The approval of any exceptions vis-à-vis the limits provided by c redit policy must be done through the 
authorization procedure. The application must be submitted to the person who has the authority (by amount) 
to approve it. 
Lending Authority Chain 
The table below shows the structure of approval authority by position and the amount financed: 
Contract signature and disbursement 
The specialist of the Perfection of Contracts Office performs a final correctness check of the practice and in 
particular the documentation for the mortgage stipulation to send to the Notary: 
• 
approval letter; 
• 
letter of instructions for notary; 
• 
Notary deed draft; 
• 
summary document; 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Customer Limit 
T ransaction Limit 
€360.000 
€300.000 
€420.000 
€500.000 
€1.500.000 
€3.500.000 
€4.500.000 
€10.000.000 
€360.000 
€450.000 
€1.000.000 
€3.000.000 
€4.000.000 
€10.000.000 
€300.000 
€240.000 
€360.000 
€300.000 
€300.000 
€240.000 
€240.000 
€200.000 
High* 
Medium 
Low 
High* 
Medium 
Low 
 
CEO 
 
Credit Committee 
 
Credit Analyst 
 
Office Manager 
 
Credit Manager 
 
Credit Director 
 
General Manager 
 
Credit Analyst 
 
Credit Analyst 
 
Office Manager 
 
Office Manager 
Amount Financed
Credit Risk Score
Position 
*  Operations valued by the internal rating model in the high risk class cannot be financed.  Any exceptions may be authorized by 
the Credit Director  or the Credit Manager.

--- Page 104 ---
104
• 
repayment plan; and 
• 
deed summons. 
The process ends by signing of the mortgage documents at the Notary’s o ffice. The disbursement is 
concomitant with the closing of the contract and may take place through the issuance of cashier’s c heque o r 
via bank to bank transfers.  
Credit risk control system 
Activities on mortgage portfolio are monitored via three control levels 
• 
line controls performed, in the approval process, by the Credit Department and, after the disbursement 
and throughout the life of the loans, by the Credit Monitoring and Collection Department; 
• 
controls undertaken by the Credit Risk Management aiming at monitoring and managing c redit risk, 
through specific reports provided to the top management and CEO; and 
• 
verification of compliance with policies, procedures and limits and assessments o n the overall 
functionality of the control system are carried out by the Internal Auditing.

--- Page 105 ---
105
Credit Monitoring and Collection Process 
As of September 2019 CheBanca has adopted the new definition according to EBA /GL/2016/07 and 
Regulation (EU) n.575/2013 of non-performing loans, which are categorized as summarized by the following 
scheme.  
 
1 For retail exposures the limit is the past due amount of the single credit facility owed by the obligor, for other than retail exposures the 
limit is the sum of all amounts past due owed by the obligor 
2 Attachment A of EU regulation no. 848/2015 issued by the European Parliament and Council regarding insolvency proceedings and 
regulated by Legislative decree 3/2012 
3 EBA/GL/2016/07 par. 49-55 
4 EBA/GL/2016/07 par. 41-48 
5 EBA/GL/2016/07 par. 97-99 
 
Credit 
Classification 
Credit Sub-
classification 
Description 
Performing 
Performing 
 
Includes transactions which at least a limit expressed as an absolute component (for retail exposures 
100 € and for other than retail exposures 500 €1) or a limit expressed as a relative component (past 
due amount of total exposure higher than 1%) are not exceeded for at least 90 consecutive days (dpd). 
of which 
forborne 
Performing exposures in respect of which forbearance measures have been extended. 
Non-
Performing 
90 days past-
due 
 
Includes transactions which both a limit expressed as an absolute component (for retail exposures 100 
€ and for other than retail exposures 500 €1) and a limit expressed as a relative component (past due 
amount of total exposure higher than 1%) are exceeded for at least 90 consecutive days (dpd). Past-
due category includes transactions affected by ‘pulling effect’. 
of which 
forborne 
90 dpd transactions, as defined above, in respect of which forbearance measures have been extended. 
of which under 
probation 
period 
In case of a 90 days past-due exposure reclassified as performing, the exposure is classified as 90 days 
past-due during the 3 months probation period (excluding non-performing forborne exposures that 
are subject to the specific discipline). 
Unlikely to 
pay 
 
This status includes counterparties for which at least one transaction is classified as Unlikely to pay. 
UTP detection uses the following triggers: 
• 
mortgages exposures with at least four installments outstanding, even not consecutive; 
• 
exposures with a suspension of the legal interest rate; 
• 
exposures that have breached the defined materiality threshold (unpaid over 100 € and 
1% of total exposure) continuously, for a minimum period of 12 months; 
• 
exposures connected to debtors that sought «Procedura di composizione della Crisi da 
Sovraindebitamento2»; 
• 
exposures with fraud detected; 
• 
exposures subjected to forbearance measures with a diminished financial obligation 
higher than 1%3; 
• 
revoked  overdrafts that generate current account overruns exposures. The exposure is 
classified as Unlikely To Pay until the past due amount exists; 
• 
sales of credit obligation, with an economic loss higher than 5% and the loss is related 
to the decrease of credit quality4. 
Credit Monitoring and Collection Dept. assesses case by case the potential unlikeliness to pay of all 
other Entities connected to a defaulted obligor and then classify the other exposure as Unlikely To 
Pay5. 
Furthermore, Credit Monitoring and Collection Dept. can include a counterparty in UTP status on a 
subjective evaluation according to evidences about the client on private and public information 
database. 
of which 
forborne 
Unlikely to pay counterparties, as described above, in respect of which forbearance measures have 
been extended. 
of which under 
probation 
period 
In case of a unlikely to pay exposure reclassified as performing, the exposure is classified as unlikely to 
pay exposure during the 3 months probation period (excluding non-performing forborne exposures 
that are subject to the specific discipline). 
Bad loans 
 
Exposures deriving from mortgages whose recovery actions, made by the Credit Monitoring and 
Collection Dept., have been verified to be ineffective. 
of which 
forborne 
Bad loans, as described above, in respect of which forbearance measures have been extended. 
of which under 
probation 
period 
In case of a bad loan reclassified as performing, the exposure is classified as unlikely to pay during the 
3 months probation period (excluding non-performing forborne exposures that are subject to the 
specific discipline).

--- Page 106 ---
106
The Collection Process 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
3 
5 
7 
2 
4 
6 
8 
Missed payments 
Phase 
Action 
Phone collection 
Judicial Coll. 
Home collection 
Out of court Collection 
Phone Support 
(*) 
Injunction 
Internal  
classification 
 T1 
Communications 
Judicial 
proceedings
Doubtful loan 
Delinquent loan 
Defaultedloan
Description 
 
Sending a SMS to 
customers classified 
with scoring medium 
 
Immediate outsourced 
telephone solicitation 
for customers classified 
in scoring range bad or 
for all customers who 
haven’t paid after 7 days 
from installment date 
classified in scoring 
range good or medium  
 
Written communication 
(“raccomandata") at the 
1st installment unpaid 
(T1) 
 
Outsourcing home 
collection on 
customers not found 
by the phone 
collection or on 
customers that still 
have missed 
installments  
 
In-house 
written 
communication 
(DBT  or “Last call” 
letter) and report to 
Central Credit 
Register (Bank of 
Italy) 
 
Defaulted 
loans classification 
status at the 8th 
missed payment 
• 
Starting of the judicial 
proceedings (Injunction), 
followed by the lawyer 
geographically competent 
• 
Starting  the foreclosure 
procedures, according to 
the Italian regulation 
(cpc, art. 491) 
• 
From September 2020, 
CheBanca! has stared a 
collaboration with Guber, 
a company specialized i n 
debt collection. 
Management 
Outsourcing (Lawyers, 
Guber) 
Outsourcing (Mb Credit Solution, Fire, Starcredit, Cr Service) 
Outsourcing  
(Mb Credit 
Sol ution, Gextra 
Service Credit 
S p A
 
In-house phone support on customers willing to renegotiate mortgage conditions 
(maturity extension, partial suspension of monthly payments) 
Home collection 
Scoring good no actions 
Scoring medium sending SMS 
Scoring bad phone immediate 
In «bonis» mortgages are always paid via 
interbank SDD procedure

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Collection Process – Some details: 
Phone collection activities are carried out by outsourced resources who are responsible for calling borrowers 
to understand reasons of missed installments and solicit the recovery. This activity is carried out immediately 
for all customers classified in the scoring range bad or for all customers in the scoring range good or medium 
who have not paid after 7 days from the installment date. The pipeline schedules two 30 days phases o f 
phone collection managed by two different outsourcers. A web application has been set up in o rder to 
support the overall management of customers. The application schedules different activities according to the 
number of missed installments and default gravity, balancing the daily effort between all the resources 
involved. 
When the phone collection outsourcers do not succeed in their recovery purpose, a deeper action is set up 
and another outsourcer is in charge to go directly to the house of the borrower in o rder to exert a strong 
action on him/her and to arrange recovery plan. The pipeline schedules five 30 days phases of ho me 
collection all in outsourcing. 
Credit Monitoring and Collection - Daily Reporting 
Purposes: 
 
constantly evaluate and monitor borrowers’ willingness and ability to pay; 
 
support the structures involved in the collection process; 
 
monitor collection performance and portfolio quality; 
 
doubtful, delinquent and defaulted loans reports main concerns; 
 
collection analysis: daily and monthly data are compared vs. month-ago; 
 
new missed installment (defaulted loans are not included) daily updated; 
 
delinquent loans: daily distribution and comparison to previous months; 
 
stock of doubtful and delinquent loans total number and amount; 
 
outsourcer best performance report; 
 
key reasons driving loans to default; 
 
defaulted loans by disbursement year and region of origination; and 
 
delinquent and defaulted loans variations: monthly cumulative economic impact, coming from write o ff 
and coverage provisions. 
A report sample is shown below.

--- Page 108 ---
108
Doubtful and delinquent loans arrears daily analysis (ILLUSTRATIVE) 
 
 
 
 
Previous Month 
(30/11/2021) 
Actual (29/12/2021) 
Delta 
COD_GRUPPO_ORIGINE 
DESC_CLASSE_EPC 
Loan 
Loan 
Loan 
BRC 
51_BONIS 
2.796.619,01 
725.207,25 
-2.071.411,76 
BRC 
52_LESS THAN 90 DPD 
2.530.806,07 
4.636.014,79 
2.105.208,72 
BRC 
53_MORE THAN 90 DPD 
1.732.220,05 
1.827.594,46 
95.374,41 
BRC 
54_UTP 
18.896.988,01 
18.204.358,54 
-692.629,47 
BRC 
55_BAD LOANS 
27.795.070,60 
27.966.240,30 
171.169,70 
 
 
53.751.703,74 
53.359.415,34 
-392.288,40 
FMI 
51_BONIS 
8.874.287,52 
3.473.273,65 
-5.401.013,87 
FMI 
52_LESS THAN 90 DPD 
13.347.056,22 
17.383.052,31 
4.035.996,09 
FMI 
53_MORE THAN 90 DPD 
5.273.903,29 
5.456.972,88 
183.069,59 
FMI 
54_UTP 
60.363.504,19 
60.049.878,75 
-313.625,44 
FMI 
55_BAD LOANS 
69.058.601,34 
69.691.787,07 
633.185,73 
 
 
156.917.352,56 
156.054.964,66 
-862.387,90 
FMI 
51_BONIS 
11.670.906,53 
4.198.480,90 
-7.472.425,63 
+ 
52_LESS THAN 90 DPD 
15.877.862,29 
22.019.067,10 
6.141.204,81 
BRC 
53_MORE THAN 90 DPD 
7.006.123,34 
7.284.567,34 
278.444,00 
 
54_UTP 
79.260.492,20 
78.254.237,29 
-1.006.254,91 
 
55_BAD LOANS 
96.853.671,94 
97.658.027,37 
804.355,43 
 
 
210.669.056,30 
209.414.380,00 
-1.254.676,30 
FMF 
51_BONIS 
810.586,81 
1.677.603,59 
867.016,78 
FMF 
52_LESS THAN 90 DPD 
2.624.176,40 
1.757.159,62 
-867.016,78 
FMF 
53_MORE THAN 90 DPD 
48.742,87 
48.742,87 
0,00 
FMF 
54_UTP 
2.707.941,29 
2.551.490,05 
-156.451,24 
FMF 
55_BAD LOANS 
822.104,66 
822.104,66 
0,00 
 
 
7.013.552,03 
6.857.100,79 
-156.451,24

--- Page 109 ---
109
Credit Monitoring and Collection – Monthly Reporting  
The Credit Monitoring and Collection Department is also provided by monthly reports concerning: 
1. Report: NON-PERFORMING PORTFOLIO 
 Incoming missed installments are reported monthly by: disbursement year and region of origination; 
 Residual missed installment are reported at the end of each monthly collection; 
2. Report: CREDIT COLLECTION ANALYSIS 
 Doubtful loans - disbursement year distribution (stock); 
 Delinquent loans - disbursement year distribution (stock); 
 Defaulted loans - disbursement year distribution (stock); 
 Collection performance 
3. Report: DEFAULTED LOANS 
 Debt after classification into defaulted (€/K); 
 Average debt and geographical distribution; 
 Drivers of default distribution (i.e. unemployment, divorce, etc.); 
 Drivers of default series. 
Some reports samples are shown below:  
NON-PERFORMING PORTFOLIO - DISBURSEMENT YEAR AND REGION OF ORIGINATION 
DISTRIBUTION (ILLUSTRATIVE) 
 
DISBURSMENT 
Y EAR 
NORTH 
CENTRAL ITALY SOUTH 
HEADQUARTERS 
DIRECT 
CHANNEL 
TOTAL 
# 
INSTAL,
€ 
INSTAL. 
# 
INSTAL, 
€ 
INSTAL. 
# 
INSTAL, 
€ 
INSTAL.
# 
INSTAL, 
€ 
INSTAL. 
# 
INSTAL, 
€ 
INSTAL. 
# 
INSTAL, 
€ 
INSTAL. 
2010 
  
8 
5.213 
 
8 
5.213 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
1.982 
1.342.305 
2009 
  
26 
16.797 
 
26 
16.797 
4 
1.958 
4 
1.958 
4 
1.958 
2.243 
1.548.376 
2008 
  
31 
32.906 
 
31 
32.906 7 
7.482 
7 
7.482 
7 
7.482 
2.276 
1.647.632 
2007 
  
25 
23.226 
 
25 
23.226 1 
206 
1 
206 
1 
206 
2.110 
1.444.064 
2006 
23 
23.356 
 
23 
23.356 1 
599 
1 
599 
1 
599 
2.236 
1.511.124 
2005 
 
14 
11.358 
 
14 
11.358 
2 
1.439 
2 
1.439 
2 
1.439 
1.982 
1.342.305 
2004 
 
27 
21.987 
 
27 
21.987 
3 
2.348 
3 
2.348 
3 
2.348 
2.243 
1.548.376 
< 2004 
 
43 
35.224 
 
43 
35.224 4 
1.771 
4 
1.771 
4 
1.771 
2.276 
1.647.632 
MONTHLY  
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
MONTH 
NORTH 
CENTRAL ITALY SOUTH 
HEADQUARTERS DIRECT 
TOTAL

--- Page 110 ---
110
CHANNEL 
# 
INSTAL,
€ 
INSTAL. 
# 
INSTAL, 
€ 
INSTAL. 
# 
INSTAL, 
€ 
INSTAL.
# 
INSTAL, 
€ 
INSTAL. 
# 
INSTAL, 
€ 
INSTAL. 
# 
INSTAL, 
€ 
INSTAL. 
AUG 
  
197 
170.066 
 
476 
349.104 1.192 
724.936 22 
15.802 
95 
82.396 1.982 
1.342.305 
JUL 
  
206 
172.055 
 
582 
428.794 1.357 
842.882 20 
21.385 
78 
83.260 2.243 
1.548.376 
JUN 
  
204 
170.270 
 
561 
506.334 1.400 
857.666 26 
27.821 
85 
85.542 2.276 
1.647.632 
MAY  
  
203 
176.556 
 
557 
413.855 1.275 
784.400 18 
20.887 
57 
48.366 2.110 
1.444.064 
APR 
  
219 
177.887 
 
601 
445.071 1.358 
832.651 18 
22.240 
40 
33.274 2.236 
1.511.124 
MAR 
  
197 
170.066 
 
476 
349.104 1.192 
724.936 22 
15.802 
95 
82.396 1.982 
1.342.305 
FEB 
  
206 
172.055 
 
582 
428.794 1.357 
842.882 20 
21.385 
78 
83.260 2.243 
1.548.376 
JAN 
  
204 
170.270 
 
561 
506.334 1.400 
857.666 26 
27.821 
85 
85.542 2.276 
1.647.632 
DEC 
203 
176.556 
 
557 
413.855 1.275 
784.400 18 
20.887 
57 
48.366 2.110 
1.444.064 
NOV 
 
219 
177.887 
 
601 
445.071 1.358 
832.651 18 
22.240 
40 
33.274 2.236 
1.511.124 
OCT 
 
197 
170.066 
 
476 
349.104 1.192 
724.936 22 
15.802 
95 
82.396 1.982 
1.342.305

--- Page 111 ---
111
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
Introduction  
Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. (the “Guarantor”) is a limited liability company (società a responsabilità 
limitata) incorporated on 31 March 2003 under the denomination o f “Sessanta Finance S.r.l.” in the 
Republic of Italy under article 7 -bis of Italian law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (Disposizioni sulla 
cartolarizzazione dei crediti) as amended from time to time (the “Law 130/99”), as a special purpose 
vehicle for the purpose of issuing a guarantee in relation to the Covered Bonds. 
By way of a shareholder’s resolution passed on 17 March, 2009, the corporate name of the Guarantor was 
changed into Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. 
By way of a shareholders’ resolution adopted on 17 March, 2009, the by-laws o f the company has been 
amended in order to allow the company to act as a special purpose vehicle within covered bond transactions 
in accordance with article 7-bis of Law 130/99. 
In accordance with the Guarantor’s by-laws, the corporate duration of the Guarantor is limited to 30 June, 
2050 and may be extended by quotaholders’ resolution. The Guarantor is registered with the c ompanies’ 
register of Milan, Monza-Brianza, Lodi under number 03915310969, and its tax identification number 
(codice fiscale) and VAT number is 03915310969. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) o f the Guarantor is 
815600AA24272FDEAA79. The registered office of the Guarantor is Corso di Porta Romana, No. 61, 20122 
Milan, Italy. The telephone number of the registered office of the Guarantor is + 39 02 7636 981. 
Since the date of its incorporation on 31 March 2003, the Guarantor has not engaged in any business, has not 
declared or paid any dividends or incurred any indebtedness, other than the Guarantor’s costs and expenses 
of incorporation as weel as all the activites connected to its role as Guarantor in the context of the issuance of 
the first Series of Covered Bond under the Programme, including in particular (i) the purchase of the Initial 
Portfolio on 30 November, 2011, and (ii) the issuance of the Guarantee on 12 December, 2011 to secure the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds. 
The Guarantor has no employees.  
Quotaholding 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the authorised equity capital of the Guarantor is € 100,000. The issued 
and paid-up equity capital of the Guarantor is € 1 00,000: 90% is held by CheBanca! S.p.A. and the 
remaining 10% is held by SPV Holding S.r.l.  
Italian company law combined with the holding structure of the Guarantor and the role of the Representative 
of the Bondholders are together intended to prevent any abuse of control of the Guarantor. 
The Guarantor is under the management and co-ordination (direzione e c oordinamento) activity o f 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Multi-purpose vehicle 
The Guarantor has been established as a multi-purpose vehicle with the purpose o f issuing guarantees in 
accordance with Law 130/99, accordingly, it may carry out other Covered Bond issue program transactions in 
addition to that one contemplated in this Base Prospectus, subject to certain conditions.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Business Overview 
The exclusive purpose of the Guarantor is to purchase from banks, against payment, receivables and notes 
issued in the context of securitization transaction, in compliance with article 7-bis of Law 130/99 and the 
relevant implementing provisions, by means of loans granted or guaranteed also by selling banks, as well as 
to issue guarantees for the Covered Bond issued by such bank or entities. 
The Guarantor has granted the guarantee to the benefit of the Representative of the Bondholders (acting in 
the name and on behalf of the Bondholders), of the counterparts of derivative contracts as well as to the 
benefit of the payment of the other costs of the transaction, with priority in respect of the reimbursement o f 
the other loans, pursuant to paragraph 1 of article 7-bis of Law 130/99. 
Under the terms of the Guarantee the Guarantor will be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the 
Covered Bonds on the relevant Due for Payment Date. 
Accounting treatment of the Portfolio  
Pursuant to the Bank of Italy’s regulations, the accounting information relating to the securitisation of the 
Receivables will be contained in the explanatory notes to the Guarantor's accounts (nota integrativa). The 
explanatory notes, together with the balance sheet and the profit and loss statements, fo rm part of the 
financial statements of Italian limited liability companies (società a responsabilità limitata).  
Accounts of the Guarantor  
Starting from fiscal year 2009, the fiscal year of the Guarantor begins on 1 July of each c alendar year and 
ends on 30 June of the next calendar year.  
Directors of the Guarantor 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of directors of the Guarantor is composed by the fo llowing 
directors: 
Name 
Address 
Principal 
Activities 
Posts 
held 
in 
other 
companies 
Stefano Radice 
c/o CheBanca S.p.A., Viale 
Luigi 
Bodio 
No. 
37  
(Palazzo 4) – 20158 – 
Milan 
Chairman of the 
board of director 
Chief 
Financial 
Officer, 
CheBanca! 
Barbara Berini 
c/o Mediobanca S.p.A., 
Piazzetta Cuccia No. 1– 
20121 – Milan  
Company director 
Director – Debt Capital Market 
and Securitisation, Mediobanca 
Stefania Raffaella 
Barsalini 
Corso di Porta Romana 
No. 61 – 20122 - Milan 
Company director 
Acciai Coils & Lamiere S.r.l. - 
Statutory auditor;  Airis S.r.l. - 
Company Director; Alchimia 
S.p.A. - Statutory auditor; 
Alkimis SGR S.p.A. - Statutory 
auditor; Anthilia SGR S.p.A. - 
Statutory auditor; Aplomb S.r.l. - 
Statutory auditor; Aristotele 
S.r.l. - Company Director; Centro

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Cardiologico Monzino S.p.A. - 
Statutory auditor; Cryptovalues 
Società Consortile a r.l. - 
Chairman of the board of 
director; D&B Tax  Accounting 
S.r.l. Stp - Company Director; 
Devone S.p.A. - Statutory 
auditor; Digital Rock Holding 
S.p.A. - Chairman of the board of 
director; Duecentoventi 9/10 
S.r.l. - Company Director; Ec pi 
Group S.r.l. - Company Director; 
Elle52 Investimenti S.r.l. - 
Statutory auditor; Fratelli Omini 
S.p.A. - Statutory auditor; Fin. 
Priv. S.r.l. - Statutory auditor; 
Gruppo Barletta Spa - Chairman 
of the board of director; 
Immobiliare La.co. S.r.l. - 
Chairman of the board of 
director; Industria Cartaria 
Pieretti S.p.A. - Statutory 
auditor; Industrie Chimiche 
Forestali S.p.A. - Statutory 
auditor; 
Inv.A.G. 
S.r.l. 
- 
Chairman of the board of 
director; Isovit S.r.l. - Statutory 
auditor; Istituto Europeo di 
Oncologia S.r.l. - Statutory 
auditor Supplente; Murcia S.r.l. - 
Company Director; Paper Bo ard 
Alliance S.p.A. - Statutory 
auditor; Quarzo CQS S.r.l. - 
Company Director; Quarzo S.r.l. 
- 
Company 
Director; Spv  
Holding 
S.r.l. 
- 
Company 
Director; Telco S.p.A. - Statutory 
auditor; U.E. S.p.A. - Statutory 
auditor; U-First S.r.l. - Statutory 
auditor; V&M Family Partners 
S.p.A. - Statutory auditor.  
Conflicts of interest  
There are no existing or potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and their private 
interests or other duties. 
Statutory auditors of the Guarantor 
The Guarantor has no statutory auditors.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Capitalisation and indebtedness statement 
The capitalisation and indebtedness of the Guarantor as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows:  
 
in euro (€) 
Issued equity capital  
 
€ 100,000 fully paid up 
100,000 
Borrowings  
 
Subordinated Loan 
5,350,286,857 
 
Financial statements 
The financial statements of the Guarantor as of and for the financial years ended on, respectively, 30 June 
2021 and 30 June 2020 are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The financial statements have 
been translated into the English language solely for the convenience of international readers. The Guarantor 
accepts responsibility for the correct translation of the information set out therein. 
Since 30 June 2021 there have been no negative changes either to the financial position or prospects of the 
Guarantor. 
Independent auditors' report  
The financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 30 June 2021 were audited, without 
qualification and in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in the Republic o f Italy, by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A.  
The financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 30 June 2020 were audited, without 
qualification and in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in the Republic o f Italy, by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is registered under No. 119644 in the Register o f Accounting Auditors 
(Registro dei Revisori Legali), maintained by MEF (Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze) in compliance 
with the provisions of Decree 39/2010, and is also a member of the ASSIREVI - A ssociazione Nazionale 
Revisori Contabili. The business address of PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is Via Monte Rosa 91, Milan, 
Italy.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR 
The BoI Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to be the asset monitor to c arry o ut 
controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of the Guarantee and, fo llowing the latest 
amendments to the BoI Regulations introduced by way of inclusion of the new Part III, Chapter 3 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) in Bank of Italy’s Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, the information 
to be provided to investors. 
Pursuant to the BoI Regulations, the asset monitor must be independent auditor, enrolled with the Register 
of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance and shall be independent from the Issuer 
and any other party to the programme and from the accounting firm who carries out the audit of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor. 
Pursuant to an engagement letter entered into on or about the First Issue Date, the Issuer has appointed 
BDO Italia S.p.A., a company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, fiscal code, VAT number 
and enrolment number with the companies' register of Milan no. 07722780967 and enrolled under number 
167911 with the Register of Certified Auditors (Registro Dei Revisori Legali) maintained by the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance, having its registered office at Viale Abruzzi, 94, 20131 Milan, Italy, acting in its 
capacity as asset monitor (the “Asset Monitor”) in order to perform, subject to receipt o f the relevant 
information from the Issuer, specific monitoring activities concerning, inter alia, (i) the compliance with the 
issuing criteria set out in the BoI Regulations in respect of the issuance of covered bonds; (ii) the compliance 
with the eligibility criteria set out under the MEF Decree with respect to the Eligible Assets and Integration 
Assets included in the Cover Pool; (iii) the arithmetical accuracy of the calculations performed by the Test 
Report Provider in respect of the Mandatory Tests and the compliance with the limits set o ut in the MEF 
Decree; (iv) the compliance with the limits on the transfer of the Eligible A ssets set o ut under the MEF 
Decree and the BoI Regulations; (v) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection provided by any 
swap agreement which may be entered into in the context of the Programme; and (vi) the completeness, 
truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant to article 129, 
paragraph 7, of CRR.  
The engagement letter was amended on 22 April, 2015 in order to reflect latest amendments made to the BoI 
Regulations and to be in line with the provisions contained therein in relation to the monitoring activities 
and reports to be prepared and submitted by the Asset Monitor also to the Bo ard o f Statutory Auditors 
(collegio sindacale) of the Issuer and will be amended everytime in connection with the amendments o f Bo I 
Regulations. 
The engagement letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses by the Issuer to 
the Asset Monitor and the resignation of the Asset Monitor. 
The engagement letter is governed by Italian law. 
Furthermore, on or about the First Issue Date, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the 
Representative of the Bondholders and the Test Report Provider entered into the Asset Monitor Agreement, 
as more fully described under the section “Description of the Transaction Do cuments - A sset Mo nitor 
Agreement”.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
T HE COVER POOL 
The Cover Pool is and/or will be comprised of (a) Mortgage Loans transferred pursuant to the Master 
Purchase Agreement, (b) other Eligible Assets, in accordance with Law 130/99, the MEF Decree and the Bo I 
Regulations, (c) any Integration Assets, (d) the Collections arising from the Assets and (e) all the positive 
amounts arising from the Swap Agreements. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Initial Portfolio c onsist o nly o f Residential Mortgage Loans 
transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Master Purchase Agreement, 
as more fully described under “Description of the Transaction Documents – Master Purchase Agreement”. 
The Cover Pool has characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payment due 
and payable on the Covered Bonds. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Asset Backed Securities means securities issued in the framework of securitisations having as underlying 
assets Mortgage Loans or Public Assets, pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (d) of the MEF Decree. 
Eligible Assets means the Mortgage Loans, the Public Assets and the Asset Backed Securities. 
Further Portfolio means all the Eligible Assets, compliant with the General Criteria, the relevant Specific 
Criteria and the relevant Further Criteria (if any), which may be purchased as a pool (in blocco) and pro 
soluto by the Guarantor, pursuant to Clause 4 (Cessione di Ulteriori Portafogli su base revolving) of the 
Master Purchase Agreement. 
Initial Portfolio means the portfolio of Receivables arising form Residential Mortgage Loan A greement 
purchased by the Guarantor on 30 November, 2011 pursuant to Article 2 of the Master Purchase Agreement 
in connection with the first issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme. 
Mortgage Loans means Italian residential and commercial mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali e 
commerciali) pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a) and (b), of the MEF Decree. 
Public Assets means, collectively, the Public Entities Receivables and Public Entities Securities. 
Public Entity Receivables means, pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of MEF Decree, any receivables 
owned by or receivables which have been benefit of a guarantee eligible for credit risk mitigation granted by: 
(i) 
Public Entities, including ministerial bodies and local o r regional bodies, located within the 
European Economic Area or Switzerland for which a risk weight not exceeding 20% is applicable in 
accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach; and  
(ii) 
Public Entities, located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, fo r which a 0 % risk 
weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank o f Italy's prudential regulations fo r banks - 
standardised approach - or regional or local public entities or non-economic administrative entities, 
located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, for which a risk weight not exceeding 
20% is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - 
standardised approach, provided that, the Public Entities Receivables described under item (ii) above 
may not amount to more than 10% of the aggregate nominal value of the Cover Pool. 
Public Entity Securities means pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of MEF Dec ree, any securities 
issued by or which have benefit of a guarantee eligible for credit risk mitigation granted by:

--- Page 117 ---
117 
(i) 
Public Entities, including ministerial bodies and local o r regional bodies, located within the 
European Economic Area or Switzerland for which a risk weight not exceeding 20% is applicable in 
accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach; and  
(ii) 
Public Entities, located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, fo r which a 0 % risk 
weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank o f Italy's prudential regulations fo r banks - 
standardised approach - or regional or local public entities or non-economic administrative entities, 
located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, for which a risk weight not exceeding 
20% is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - 
standardised approach, provided that, the Public Entities Securities described under item (ii) above 
may not amount to more than 10% of the aggregate nominal value of the Cover Pool. 
Residential Mortgage Loan means, pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of MEF Decree, a residential 
mortgage loan in respect of which the relevant amount outstanding added to the principal amount 
outstanding of any higher ranking mortgage loans secured by the same property, does not exceed 80 per cent 
of the value of the property and for which the hardening period with respect to the perfection of the relevant 
mortgage has elapsed. 
Specific Criteria means, collectively, the Specific Criteria of the Initial Portfolio and the Specific Criteria of 
the Subsequent and Further Portfolios. 
Specific Criteria of the Initial Portfolio means the criteria for the selection of the receivables included 
in the Initial Portfolio to which such criteria are applied, set fo rth in Sc hedule 1, Part II, to the Master 
Purchase Agreement. 
Specific Criteria of the Subsequent and Further Portfolios means the criteria for the selection of the 
receivables to be included in the Subsequent Portfolios and/or Further Portfolios to which such criteria are 
applied, set forth in Schedule 1, Part III, to the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Subsequent Portfolios means any portfolio of Eligible Assets which may be purchased by the Guarantor 
in order to allow Mediobanca to issue other Series of Covered Bonds during the Revolving Period pursuant to 
the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Purchase Agreement. 
The Receivables transferred and to be transferred from time to time to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master 
Purchase Agreement will meet the following criteria on each relevant Transfer Date. 
Each of the receivables deriving from the Mortgage Loans forming part of the Cover Pool shall c omply with 
all of the following criteria (the “Mortgage Loans General Criteria”): 
1. 
receivables arising from loans advanced by, or purchased by, CheBanca! S.p.A. (formerly Micos 
S.p.A. and Micos Banca S.p.A.);  
2. 
mortgage receivables, in respect of which the ratio between the loan’s amount outstanding added to 
the principal amount outstanding of any higher ranking mortgage loans secured by the same 
property does not exceed on the Valuation Date 80 percent for the residential mortgage loans o r 60 
percent for the commercial mortgage loans, as the case may be, o f the v alue of the property, in 
accordance with Ministry of Economy and Finance Italian Decree 14 December 2006, No. 310; 
3. 
receivables that did not provide at the time of disbursement fo r any subsidy or o ther benefit in 
relation to principal or interest (mutui agevolati); 
4. 
receivables that have not been granted to public entities (enti pubblici), c lerical entities (enti 
ecclesiastici) or public consortium (consorzi pubblici);

--- Page 118 ---
118
5. 
receivables that are not consumer loans (crediti al consumo);  
6. 
receivables that are not a mutuo agrario pursuant to Articles 43, 44 and 45 of the Banking Act;  
7. 
receivables that are secured by a mortgage created, in accordance with the laws and regulations 
applicable from time to time, over real estate assets sited in the Republic of Italy;  
8. 
receivables the payment of which is secured by a first ranking mortgage (ipoteca di primo grado 
economico), such term meaning (i) a first ranking mortgage or (ii) a second or subsequent ranking 
priority mortgage in respect of which (A) the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or subsequent 
mortgage has been formally consented by the relevant lender to the total cancellation; o r (B) the 
obligations secured by the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or subsequent mortgage have 
been fully satisfied; or (C) the lender secured by the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or 
subsequent mortgage is CheBanca (even if the o bligations secured by such ranking priority 
mortgage(s) have not been fully satisfied) provided that the relevant receivables secured by such 
second or subsequent ranking priority mortgages meet the Mortgage Loans General Criteria;  
9. 
receivables in respect to which the hardening period (periodo di consolidamento) applicable to the 
relevant mortgage has expired and the relevant mortgage is not capable of being cancelled pursuant 
to Article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law and, if applicable, of Article 39, fourth paragraph, of the Banking 
Act; 
10. 
receivables that are fully disbursed and in relation to which there is no obligation or possibility to 
make additional disbursement;  
11. 
receivables that, as of the transfer date, did not have any instalment pending for more than 30 days 
from its due date and in respect of which all other previous instalments due before the transfer day 
have been fully paid; 
12. 
receivables that are governed by Italian Law; 
13. 
receivables that have been granted to individuals (persone fisiche) that as of the relevant V aluation 
Date were not employees of companies included in the Mediobanca Group or of the different bank 
originating the loans from which such receivables arise; 
14. 
receivables that are denominated in Euro (o r disbursed in a different c urrency and then re-
denominated in Euro); 
15. 
receivables arising from mortgage loan in respect of which at least one instalment (rata) is fallen due 
and paid, including in case of interest instalment; 
16. 
receivables related to loan agreements executed with borrowers that are resident in Italy.  
Each of the receivables deriving from the Public Assets which may form part of the Cover Pool shall comply 
with all of the following criteria (the “Public Assets General Criteria”): 
Loans granted to, or guaranteed by, and securities issued by, or guaranteed by, the entities indicated in 
Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (c) of the MEF Decree.  
Each of the receivables deriving from the Asset Backed Securities which may form part o f the Cover Pool 
shall comply with all of the following criteria (the “ABS General Criteria”): 
Securities issued in the framework of securitisations having as underlying assets Mortgage Loans o r Public 
Assets, pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (d) of the MEF Decree.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
The receivables comprised in each Subsequent Portfolio, in each Further Portfolio as well as the Eligible 
Assets transferred to the Guarantor in order to ensure compliance with the Tests shall also comply with the 
relevant Specific Criteria.

--- Page 120 ---
120
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations o f the Issuer guaranteed by the 
Guarantor. The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the Guarantee until the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, serviced by the Representative of the Bondholders to the Guarantor 
of an Issuer Default Notice. The Issuer will not be relying on payments by the Guarantor in o rder to pay 
interest or repay principal under the Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as applicable, 
ultimate payments to Bondholders: 
(a) 
the Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Mandatory Test is intended to ensure that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to pay any 
interest and principal under the Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
the Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Guarantor's assets in respect o f 
the Covered Bonds prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice, applying for the purpose of such 
coverage an Asset Percentage factor determined in order to provide a degree of over-collateralisation 
with respect to the Cover Pool; 
(d) 
the Amortisation Test is periodically performed, following the occurrence of an Issuer Ev ent o f 
Default and service of an Issuer Event of Default, for the purpose of testing the asset coverage o f the 
Guarantor's assets in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(e) 
the Swap Agreements are intended to hedge certain interest rate, currency or other risks in respect of 
amounts received and amounts payable by the Guarantor; 
(f) 
a Reserve Account has been established and is c redited with an amount equal to  the Reserve 
Required Amount on each Guarantor Payment Date. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Guarantee 
The Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed Amounts on the Due fo r 
Payment Date in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Guarantee will not 
guarantee any other amount becoming payable in respect of the Covered Bonds for any other reason. In this 
circumstance (and until a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Guarantor Default Notice is served), the 
Guarantor's obligations will only be to pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the Due for Payment Date. 
See further “Description of the Transaction Documents —Guarantee”, as regards the terms of the Guarantee. 
Mandatory Test and Asset Coverage Test 
Under the terms of the Portfolio Management Agreement, the Issuer and the Seller must ensure that the 
Cover Pool is in compliance with the Mandatory Test and Asset Coverage Test  described below. 
See section “Description of the Transaction Documents – Portfolio Management Agreement”

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Mandatory Test 
Starting from the First Issue Date and until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the context o f the Programme 
have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and  
(ii) 
the date on which a Issuer Default Notice is served on the Guarantor as a consequence o f an Issuer 
Event of Default, 
the Issuer and Seller shall procure on a ongoing basis until the service of an Issuer Default Notice that each of 
the following tests is met: 
(i) 
the outstanding aggregate notional amount of the assets comprised in the Cover Pool shall be, at least 
equal to the aggregate notional amount of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme; prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, this test will be deemed met to the 
extent that the Asset Coverage Test is met (the “Nominal Value Test”); 
(ii) 
the net present value of the Cover Pool together with the expected cash flows to be received by the 
Guarantor under any hedging arrangement entered into in relation to the transaction (net o f the 
transaction costs to be borne by the Guarantor including the expected costs and costs of any hedging 
arrangement entered into in relation to the transaction) shall be at least equal to  the net present 
value of the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (the “NPV Test”); 
(iii) 
the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the assets included in the Cover Pool (net of 
the transaction costs to be borne by the Guarantor including the expected c osts and costs o f any 
hedging arrangement entered into in relation to the transaction) taking into account the expected 
cash flows to be received by the Guarantor under any hedging arrangement entered into in relation 
to the transaction shall be at least equal to the interests and c osts due by the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (the “Interest Coverage Test” and, together with the 
Nominal Value Test and the NPV Test, the “Mandatory Test”). 
The Test Report Provider, on the basis of the information provided to it pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents, shall verify compliance with the Mandatory Test on each Calculation Date and on any other date 
on which the verification of the Mandatory Test is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Nominal Value Test is deemed to be met if the Asset 
Coverage Test (as defined below) is met. Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Nominal 
Value Test will be deemed to be met of the Amortisation Test (as defined below) is met. 
The calculations performed by the Test Report Provider in respect of the Mandatory Test will be tested from 
time to time by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Asset Coverage Test 
Starting from the First Issue Date and until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the context o f the Programme 
have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and  
(ii) 
the date on which a Issuer Default Notice is served on the Guarantor as a consequence o f an Issuer 
Event of Default,

--- Page 122 ---
122 
the Issuer and the Seller, pursuant to the terms and conditions set o ut in the Po rtfolio Management 
Agreement, undertake to procure that on any Calculation Date the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at 
least equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme (the “Asset Coverage Test”). The Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount will be c alculated as 
follows: 
A+B+C+D+E-X-Z 
where, 
A is equal to the lower of (i) and (ii), where:  
(i) 
means the sum of the “LTV Adjusted Principal Balance” of each Mortgage Loan which shall be the 
lower of (1) the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan in the Cover Pool 
as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period, and (2) the Latest 
Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan multiplied by M (where M is: (a) equal to 80 per c ent. fo r 
all Mortgage Loans that are not Delinquent Assets and Defaulted Assets; (b) equal to 60 per cent. fo r 
all Commercial Mortgage Loans that are not Delinquent Assets and Defaulted Assets; (c) equal to 50 
per cent. for all the Delinquent Assets; and (d) equal to 0 per cent. for all Defaulted Assets) 
minus  
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions occurred during the previous Collection Period: 
• 
a loan was, in the immediately preceding Collection Period, in breach o f the representations and 
warranties (“Affected Loan”). In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance o f the 
Mortgage Loans will be reduced by an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance o f the 
relevant Affected Loan; and/or 
• 
the Seller, in any preceding Collection Period, was in breach of any other material warranty and/or 
the Servicer was, in any preceding Collection Period, in breach of a material term o f the Servicing 
Agreement. In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the loans will be reduced, 
by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately 
preceding Collection Period (such financial loss to be calculated by the Test Report Provider without 
double counting and to be reduced by any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the 
Seller to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss) (“Breach Related Loss”); 
AND 
(ii)  
means the aggregate “Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance” of the Mo rtgage Loans in the 
Cover Pool which in relation to each Mortgage Loan shall be the lower of (1) the actual Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last day of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period, and (2) the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan multiplied 
by N (where N is: (x) equal to 100 per cent. for all Residential Mortgage Loans and all Co mmercial 
Mortgage Loans that are not Delinquent Assets and Defaulted Assets and/or (y) equal to 50 per cent. 
for all Delinquent Assets and/or (z) equal to 0 per cent. for all Defaulted Assets) 
minus 
• 
the aggregate sum of (1) the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of the any Affected Loan(s) 
and/or (2) any Breach Related Losses occurred during the previous Collection Period; 
• 
the result of which is multiplied by the Asset Percentage (as defined below);

--- Page 123 ---
123 
B  
is equal to the aggregate amount of all cash standing on the Accounts (other than the cash standing 
on the Reserve Account up to the Reserve Required Amount, prior to an Issuer Event of Default) as 
at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period which will not be applied to buy new 
Assets or to make payments under the relevant Order of Priority as at the relevant Calculation Date 
(without double counting); 
C  
is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets (other than the 
cash referred to under letter “B” above) that are in line with the criteria of the Eligible Investments 
and/or Eligible Investments as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period; and 
D  
is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Asset Backed Securities as at the end 
of the immediately preceding Collection Period, weighted by a percentage which will be determined 
with the Rating Agency methodology; and 
E  
is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Public Assets as at the end of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period, weighted by a percentage which will be determined with 
the Rating Agency methodology; and 
X  
is equal to nil if the Long-Term IDR assigned by Fitch to the Issuer is at least “BBB” o r the Short-
Term IDR assigned by Fitch to the Issuer is at least “F2”, otherwise the Potential Set-Off A mounts; 
and 
Z  
is the item resulting from the aggregate amount of the following figures for all the Covered Bo nds 
outstanding: 
 (i) the Residual Maturity of the relevant Covered Bond outstanding;  
multiplied by  
 (ii) the relative (EUR Equivalent) Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Covered Bond; and 
multiplied by 
 (iii) the relative Negative Carry Factor of the relevant Covered Bond. 
Residual Maturity means the residual maturity of the relevant Covered Bo nd expressed in days and 
divided by 365. 
Negative Carry Factor means (i) nil if the relevant Covered Bond has a corresponding Cover Pool Swap 
structured as Total Balance Guaranteed Swap, otherwise (ii) a percentage calculated by reference to the 
weighted average margin of the Covered Bonds and will, in any event, be not less than 0.5 per cent.. 
Asset Percentage means (i) 84 per cent. or (ii) such lesser percentage figure as determined from time to 
time by the Test Report Provider (on behalf of the Guarantor and in accordance with the Rating A gency’s 
methodology) and notified to the Rating Agency and the Representative of the Bondholders, provided that 
the Asset Percentage may not, at any time, be higher than 84 per cent. 
The Guarantor (or the Test Report Provider on its behalf) will, on the Calculation Date, send notification to 
the Rating Agency and the Representative of the Bondholders of the percentage figure selected by it, being 
the difference between 100 per cent. and the amount of credit enhancement required to maintain the then 
current ratings of the covered bonds.  
The Asset Percentage will be adjusted from time to time in order to ensure that sufficient credit enhancement 
will be maintained.

--- Page 124 ---
124
Potential Set-Off Amounts means an amount calculated o n a quarterly basis by the Servicer and 
communicated to the Rating Agency as a percentage of the Cover Pool that the Servicer determines as 
potentially subject to set-off risk by the relevant Debtors, taking into consideration the portion of the Debtors 
having current and deposit accounts opened with the Seller. 
T he Amortisation Test 
For so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, on each Calculation Date following the occurrence o f 
an Issuer Event of Default but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan 
Amount shall be equal to or higher than the Principal Amount Outstanding o f the Covered Bo nds (the 
“Amortisation Test”). 
For the purpose of calculating the Amortisation Test the Amortisation Test Aggregate L oan Amount 
means an amount equal to  
 
A+B+C+D+E-Z 
where: 
A is the lower of: 
(1) 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of each Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last day o f the 
immediately preceding Collection Period multiplied by M; and 
(2) 
the Latest Valuation multiplied by M,  
where M is: (i) equal to 100 per cent. for all the Residential Mortgage Loans and all the Co mmercial 
Mortgage Loans that are not Delinquent Assets and Defaulted Assets; (ii) equal to 50 per cent. fo r all the 
Delinquent Assets; and (iii) equal to 0 per cent. for all the Defaulted Assets; 
B the aggregate amount of all cash standing on the Accounts as at the end o f the immediately preceding 
Collection Period which will not be applied to make payments under the relevant Order of Priority as at the 
relevant Calculation Date; 
C is the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets (other than the cash referred to 
under letter “B” above) that are in line with the criteria of the Eligible Investments and/or Eligible 
Investments as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period;  
D is the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance o f any Asset Backed Securities as at the end o f the 
immediately preceding Collection Period;  
E is the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Public Assets as at the end o f the immediately 
preceding Collection Period; and 
Z is the item resulting from the aggregate amount o f the fo llowing figures fo r all the Covered Bo nds 
outstanding: 
 (i) the Residual Maturity of the relevant Covered Bond outstanding;  
multiplied by  
 (ii) the relative (EUR Equivalent) Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Covered Bond; and

--- Page 125 ---
125 
multiplied by 
 (iii) the relative Negative Carry Factor of the relevant Covered Bond. 
The Test Report Provider shall verify on behalf of the Guarantor compliance with the Amortisation Test o n 
each Calculation Date following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and on any other date on which 
the verification of the Amortisation Test is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents and shall inform 
the Representative of the Bondholders if a breach of the Amortisation Test has occurred. 
Should a breach of the Amortisation Test occur after an Issuer Event of Default, the Representative o f the 
Bondholders may but shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Bondholders, serve to the 
Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor the Guarantor Default Notice if such a breach is not c ured within the 
following Calculation Date. 
Required Reserve Amount 
Required Reserve Amount means an amount which will be determined, initially, on each Issue Date fo r 
the relevant Series of Covered Bond and then on each Calculation Date and which will be equal to the 
aggregate amount of (a) one fourth of the annual amount payable under items (ii) and (iv) of the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment; and (b) any interest amounts due on the Covered Bond on the 
next CB Payment Date.

--- Page 126 ---
126
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS 
The following accounts shall be established and maintained with the Account Bank for so long as it qualifies 
as an Eligible Institution as separate accounts in the name of the Guarantor. 
Find below a description of the deposits and withdrawals in respect of the accounts: 
(a) 
the “Collection Account” (IBAN No. IT82Y1063101600000070201377) 
(i) 
Payments into the Collection Account. No later than 12:00 a.m. (CET) o f the second 
Business Day following the relevant date of receipt, any principal and interest payment in 
relation to the Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets comprised in the Cover Pool 
received by the Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, will 
be deposited into the Collection Account. 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Collection Account. (A) At least on a weekly basis all funds then 
standing to the credit of the Collection Account will be transferred to the Transaction 
Account by the Cash Manager; (B) at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued 
on the credit balance of the Collection Account will be transferred to the Transaction 
Account. 
(b) 
The Expenses Account (IBAN No. IT78T1063101600000070201380) 
(i) 
Payments into the Expenses Account. (A ) On the First Issue Date the Retention 
Amount will be credited on the Expenses Account; (B) on each Guarantor Payment Date 
monies will be credited to the Expenses Account in accordance with the applicable Priority of 
Payments until the balance of such account equals the Retention Amount; 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Expenses Account. (A) the Guarantor will use the funds 
standing to the credit of the Expenses Account to make payments relating to any and all 
documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid during the period comprised 
between a Guarantor Payment Date and the immediately subsequent Guarantor Payment 
Date pursuant to the instructions of the Corporate Servicer; and (B) at the end o f any 
Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the Expenses Account, if any, 
will be transferred to the Transaction Account. 
Retention Amount means Euro 50,000. 
(c) 
The Quota Capital Account 
(i) 
Payments into the Quota Capital Account. A ll the capital contributions o f each 
quotaholder in the Guarantor and any interest accrued thereon are c redited to the Quo ta 
Capital Account. 
(d) 
The Reserve Account (IBAN No. IT09W1063101600000070201383) 
(i) 
Payments into the Reserve Account. On each Guarantor Payment Date the Reserve 
Account will be credited with the proceeds of Interest Available Funds according to the Pre-
Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments for the purpose o f refilling, o n each 
Guarantor Payment Date, such account up to the relevant Required Reserve Amount.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Reserve Account 
(A) 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the 
funds standing to the credit of the Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve 
Amount will be applied by the Cash Manager as Interest Available Funds according to 
the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments. 
(B) 
Following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor will apply all the 
funds standing to the Reserve Account as Available Funds in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments. 
(C) 
At the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance o f the 
Reserve Account will be transferred to the Transaction Account. 
(e) 
The Securities Account (No. IT55U1063101600000070201381) 
(i) 
Payments into the Securities Account. All securities constituting Eligible Investments 
purchased by the Investment Manager (on behalf o f the Guarantor) with the amounts 
standing to the credit of the Transaction Account and the Reserve Account, pursuant to any 
order of the Guarantor, and all Assets consisting of Asset Backed Securities, Public Notes and 
Integration Securities will be deposited on such account. 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Securities Account. (A) Not later than 10:00 (London time) of 
the first Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Eligible Investments 
standing to the credit of the Securities Account will be liquidated and proceeds c redited to 
the Transaction Account (other than an amount equal to the Required Reserve Amount 
provided that an Issuer Event of Default has not occurred); and (B) the Assets consisting o f 
Asset Backed Securities, Public Notes and Integration Securities will be liquidated in 
accordance with the Portfolio Management Agreement and proceeds credited to the 
Transaction Account promptly upon liquidation; and (C) at the end of any Collection Period, 
the interest accrued on the investments standing to the c redit balance o f the Securities 
Account will be transferred to the Transaction Account. 
Eligible Investments means the Euro denominated senior (unsubordinated) debt 
securities or other debt instruments, provided that, in all cases:  
(a)  
such investments are immediately repayable on demand, disposable without penalty 
or have a maturity date falling on or before the third Business Day preceding the 
Guarantor Payment Date immediately succeeding the Collection Period in respect of 
which such eligible investments were made;  
(b) 
such investments provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not being 
lower than the initially invested amount) or in case o f repayment or disposal, the 
principal amount upon repayment or disposal is at least equal to the principal amount 
invested and cannot include any embedded options (unless full payment of principal is 
paid in cash upon the exercise of the embedded option); 
(c) 
such debt securities or other debt instruments having at least:  
(1)  
“BBB” or ”F2”, for investments maturing up to 30 days; 
(2) 
“AA-” or “F1+”, for investments maturing from 30 days to 365 days;

--- Page 128 ---
128
(d) 
a Euro denominated time deposit (including, fo r avoidance o f any doubt, a term 
deposit) opened with the Account Bank or any other Eligible Institution; and 
(e) 
repurchase transactions between the Guarantor and an Eligible Institution in respect 
of Euro denominated debt securities or other debt instruments having the rating 
requirements specified under paragraph (c ) above, provided that (i) title to  the 
securities underlying such repurchase transactions (in the period between the 
execution of the relevant repurchase transactions and their respective maturity) 
effectively passes to the Guarantor and the obligations of the relevant counterparty are 
not related to the performance of the underlying securities, (ii) such repurchase 
transactions have a maturity date falling on or before the third Business Day preceding 
the Guarantor Payment Date immediately succeeding the Collection Period in respect 
of which such eligible investments were made. 
(f) 
The T ransaction Account (IBAN No. IT59Z1063101600000070201378) 
(i) 
Payments into the Transaction Account. 
(A) 
At least on a weekly basis all funds standing to the credit of the Collection Account will 
be transferred to the Transaction Account by the Cash Manager; 
(B) 
any amounts whatsoever received by or on behalf of the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Swap Agreements will be credited to the Transaction Account; 
(C) 
all other payments paid to the Guarantor under any of the Transaction Documents 
including - for the avoidance of doubt – any indemnity paid by the Seller in accordance 
with the Master Purchase Agreement will be credited to the Transaction Account; 
(D) 
the revenue of the Eligible Investments; 
(E) 
any interest accrued on any of the Accounts (other than the Quota Capital Account). 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Transaction Account. 
(A) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager will make those payments as are 
indicated in the relevant Payments Report. 
(B) 
No later than 12.00 am (CET) of the first Business Day immediately preceding a Due 
for Payment Date, the Cash Manager will transfer to the Paying Agent the amounts 
necessary to execute payments of interests and principal due by the Guarantor under 
the Guarantee in relation to the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
The Collection Account, the Securities Account, the Reserve Account, the Transaction Account the 
Expenses Account are jointly referred to as the “Accounts”. 
No payment may be made out of the Accounts which would thereby c ause o r result in any such 
account becoming overdrawn.

--- Page 129 ---
129
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Master purchase agreement 
On 30 November, 2011, pursuant to a master purchase agreement entered into between the Seller and the 
Guarantor, as amended and supplemented from time to time, and restated on 18 November 2021 in order to 
consolidate all the amendments agreed by means of the Amendment Agreements (the “Master Purchase 
Agreement”), the Seller has assigned to the Guarantor, pursuant and for the purposes of the art. 4 and art. 
7 -bis of the Law 130/1999, a first portfolio of receivables arising from the Residential Mortgage Loan 
Agreements (the “Initial Portfolio”) in order to allow the issue of the First Series of Covered Bo nd by the 
Issuer; (ii) the parties have agreed the terms and conditions related to the assignment o f subsequent 
portfolios of receivables arising from the Residential Mo rtgage Loan Agreements (the “Subsequent 
Portfolios”) in order to collateralise and allow the issue of further Series of Covered Bond by the Issuer in 
the context of the Programme, (iii) the parties have agreed the terms and conditions related to the 
assignment on a revolving basis of further portfolios of receivables arising from the Residential Mortgage 
Loan Agreements (the “Further Portfolios”) to be paid out of Principal Available Funds, and (iv) the 
parties have agreed integration and substitution procedures in relation to the Assets included from time to 
time in the Cover Pool in compliance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
Initial Portfolio 
The Initial Portfolio transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor according to the Master Purchase Agreement 
consisted of receivables arising from Residential Mortgage Loans only. Eac h Residential Mo rtgage Loan 
included in the Initial Portfolio shall comply with the mortgage loans general criteria indicated in the Annex 1 
– Part I to the Master Purchase Agreement (the “Mortgage Loans General Criteria”) and with the 
specific criteria of the Initial Portfolio indicated in the Annex 1 – Part II to the Master Purchase A greement 
(the “Specific Criteria of the Initial Portfolio”). 
The purchase price payable for the Initial Portfolio was equal to the aggregate Individual Purchase Price of all 
the receivables deriving from the Residential Mortgage Loans included in the Initial Portfolio. The Individual 
Purchase Price is equal to (i) the book value (ultimo valore di iscrizione in bilancio) as o f the most recent 
audited balance sheet - net of the relevant collections made by the Seller – on which the auditing firm had no 
reservations, or (ii) the value given by the Seller as certified by an auditing firm pursuant to which there are 
no grounds to consider the estimate criteria used for the calculation of the relevant purchase price not in line 
with those used by the Seller for the annual balance sheet (bilancio di esercizio). 
The purchase price of the Initial Portfolio was paid by the Guarantor - o ut o f the advances o f the Initial 
Subordinated Loan - on the First Issue Date. 
Subsequent Portfolios and Further Portfolios 
In order to collateralise and allow Mediobanca to issue further Series of Covered Bond in the context o f the 
Programme, during the Revolving Period the Seller may transfer from time to time to the Guarantor, and the 
Guarantor shall purchase from the Seller, subsequent portfolios (the “Subsequent Portfolios”), provided 
that the Limits to the Transfer (Limiti alla Cessione, see Section II, Paragraph 2 of the BoI Regulations) are 
met. 
Until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default the Seller may from time to time transfer to the Guarantor, 
and the Guarantor shall purchase from the Seller, further portfolios (the “Further Portfolios”) in order to 
allow Guarantor to invest the Principal Available Funds pursuant to the applicable Priority o f Payments 
provided that the following conditions are satisfied:

--- Page 130 ---
130
(i) 
there are sufficient Principal Available Funds to be applied pursuant to the Pre-Issuer Event o f 
Default Principal Priority of Payments;  
(ii) 
the compliance with the Asset Coverage Test and the Mandatory Test. 
The Subsequent Portfolios and the Further Portfolios to be transferred to the Guarantor according to the 
Master Purchase Agreement may consist, from time to time, not only o f receivables arising from the 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements, but also of Assets arising from: 
(i) 
Commercial Mortgage Loans; 
(ii) 
Public Assets; and 
(iii) 
Asset Backed Securities, 
provided that the Rating Agency (i) will have been previously notified by the parties and (ii) Fitch will have 
confirmed in writing the current ratings of the then outstanding Covered Bonds. 
The Residential Mortgage Loans, the Commercial Mortgage Loans, the Public Assets and the A sset Backed 
Securities are jointly defined as the “Eligible Assets”. 
Each Eligible Asset included in each Subsequent Portfolio and in each Further Portfolio shall comply with: (i) 
the Mortgage Loans General Criteria, the Public Assets General Criteria and/or the ABS General Criteria (as 
the case may be); (ii) the specific criteria of the Subsequent and Further Portfolios indicated in the Annex 1 – 
Part III to the Master Purchase Agreement (the “Specific Criteria of the Su bsequent and Further 
Portfolios”); and (iii) the further criteria agreed between the Seller and the Guarantor and specified in the 
Schedule B to the relevant Transfer Proposal (the “Further Criteria”). 
The purchase price payable for each Subsequent Portfolio and each Further Portfolio will be equal to the 
aggregate Individual Purchase Price of all the Eligible Assets included in the Subsequent Po rtfolio and the 
Further Portfolio. The Individual Purchase Price will be equal to (i) the book value (ultimo v alore di 
iscrizione in bilancio) as of the most recent audited balance sheet - net of the relevant collections made by 
the Seller – on which the auditing firm had no reservations, or (ii) the value given by the Seller as certified by 
an auditing firm pursuant to which there are no grounds to consider the estimate criteria used fo r the 
calculation of the relevant purchase price not in line with those used by the Seller fo r the annual balance 
sheet (bilancio di esercizio). 
Under the Master Purchase Agreement the parties may agree to use different criteria for the c alculation of 
the Individual Purchase Price in relation to the Eligible Assets included in each Subsequent Portfolio and in 
each Further Portfolio in order to conform to any relevant law, regulation or interpretation of any authority 
(including, without limitation, the Bank of Italy, the Minister of Economy and the Agenzia delle Entrate), 
which may be enacted with respect to the Covered Bonds Law. 
The Purchase Price of each Subsequent Portfolio shall be paid by the Guarantor - out of the advances o f the 
Subsequent Subordinated Loan - on the relevant Issue Date, provided that the relevant Publicity has been 
complied with. 
The Purchase Price of each Further Portfolio shall be paid by the Guarantor - o ut o f Principal Available 
Funds - on the latest between (a) the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, provided that the relevant Publicity 
has been complied with, and (b) the date on which the relevant Publicity has been complied with.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Integration of the Cover Pool 
The integration of the Cover Pool shall be allowed solely for the purpose of complying with the Mandatory 
Test and the other tests provided for in the Transaction Documents. 
The integration of the Cover Pool shall be carried out through the Integration Assets provided that, the 
Integration Assets (taking into account the Liquidity) shall not be, at any time, higher than 15% o f the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Cover Pool (the “Integration Assets Limit”). 
“Integration Assets” means, in accordance with article 2, sub-paragraph 3.2 and 3.3 of MEF Decree, each 
of the following assets: 
(i) 
deposits held with banks which have their registered office in the European Ec onomic Area o r 
Switzerland or in a country for which a 0% risk weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank of 
Italy's prudential regulations for banks -standardised approach; and 
(ii) 
securities issued by the banks indicated in item (i) above, which have a residual maturity not 
exceeding one year. 
The Purchase Price of the Integration Assets shall be paid by the Guarantor - o ut of the advances of the 
Subordinated Loans or, but only for the purposes to cure a breach of the Interest Coverage Test, o ut of the 
Principal Available Funds – on the date specified in the relevant Transfer Proposal provided that the 
formalities from time to time necessary to the perfection of the assignment of the relevant Integration A sset 
have been complied with. 
Price Adjustments 
The Master Purchase Agreement provides a price adjustment mechanism pursuant to which: 
(a) 
if, following the relevant effective date, any Eligible Asset which is part of the Initial Po rtfolio o r of 
the Subsequent Portfolios and Further Portfolio does not meet the Criteria, then such Eligible A sset 
will be deemed not to have been assigned and transferred to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master 
Purchase Agreement; 
(b) 
if, following the relevant effective date, any Eligible Asset which meets the Criteria but it is no t part 
of the Initial Portfolio or of the Subsequent Portfolio and Further Portfolio, then such Eligible A sset 
shall be deemed to have been assigned and transferred to the Guarantor as of the relevant transfer 
date, pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement . 
Repurchase of the Eligible Assets 
The Seller is granted an option right, pursuant to article 1331 of Italian Civil Code, to repurchase Eligible 
Assets comprised in the Cover Pool, also in different tranches, in accordance with the terms and conditions 
set out in the Master Purchase Agreement. In particular, pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement, the 
Seller, provided that such repurchase does not result in a breach o f the Tests, will have the right to  
repurchase Eligible Assets transferred to the Guarantor under the Master Purchase Agreement if: 
(a) 
such Eligible Assets have became non-eligible in accordance with the MEF Decree; 
(b) 
the repurchase of such Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets is made in order to substitute other 
Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and for the ultimate benefit of the Bondholders;

--- Page 132 ---
132 
(c) 
the repurchase of such Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets is made in order to reduce, to the 
extent permitted under the Covered Bonds Law and pursuant to the Transaction Do cuments, the 
overcollateralization of the Cover Pool. 
Portfolio Call 
Under the Master Purchase Agreement, as from the date on which all the Series of Covered Bonds issued in 
the context of the Programme have been fully redeemed and until the Programme End Date, the Seller is 
granted an option right, pursuant to Article 1331 of Italian Civil Code, to repurchase all the Eligible A ssets 
and the Integration Assets included in the Cover Pool, pursuant to the terms and conditions set o ut in such 
Agreement, provided that: 
(i) 
all the Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme have been redeemed in full; and 
(ii) 
all the claims of the Secured Creditors (other than the Subordinated Lender) against the Guarantor 
have been fully satisfied. 
Representation and Warranties 
Under the Master Purchase Agreement the Seller gives to the Guarantor, inter alia, representation and 
warranties about: (a) its status and powers, (b) the information and the documents provided to  the 
Guarantor, (c) its legal title on the Eligible Assets, (d) the status of the Eligible Assets, (e) the terms and 
conditions of the Eligible Assets. 
Pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement, the Seller undertakes to fully and promptly indemnify and hold 
harmless the Guarantor and its officers, directors and agents, from and against any and all damages, losses, 
claims, liabilities, costs and expenses awarded against, o r incurred by, any of them, arising from any 
representations and/or warranties made by the Seller being actually false, incomplete or incorrect and/or 
failure by the Seller to perform any of the obligations and undertakings assumed by the Seller under the 
Transaction Documents. 
Undertakings 
The Master Purchase Agreement also contains a number of undertakings by the Seller in respect o f its 
activities in relation to the Eligible Assets. The Seller has undertaken, inter alia, to refrain from carrying o ut 
activities with respect to the Eligible Assets which may prejudice the validity or recoverability of any Eligible 
Assets and in particular not to assign or transfer the Eligible Assets to any third party o r to c reate any 
security interest, charge, lien or encumbrance or other right in favour of any third party in respect of the 
Eligible Assets. The Seller also has undertaken to refrain from any action which c ould cause any o f the 
Eligible Assets to become invalid or to cause a reduction in the amount of any of the Eligible Assets.  
Additional Seller 
Under the Master Purchase Agreement, any other entity which is part of the Mediobanca Group o ther than 
the Seller, may sell Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets to the Guarantor, subject to satisfaction o f 
certain conditions, and, for such purpose, shall, inter alia, accede to the Master Purchase A greement by 
signing an accession letter substantially in the form attached to the Master Purchase A greement and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Transaction Documents. 
Governing Law 
The Master Purchase Agreement is governed by Italian Law.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement  
On 30 November, 2011, the Seller and the Guarantor entered into a subordinated lo an agreement (the 
“Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement”), pursuant to which the Seller has granted to the Guarantor a 
subordinated loan (the “Initial Subordinated Loan”) with a maximum amount equal to 2,000,000,000. 
Under the provisions of the Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Seller has made available to the 
Guarantor (a) a tranche A of an amount equal to Euro 1,500,000,000.00 (the “T ranche A ”), fo r the 
purposes of providing the Guarantor with the funds necessary to purchase the portion of the Initial Portfolio 
equal to the nominal value of the First Series of the Covered Bonds and (b) a tranche B of an amount equal to 
Euro 500,000,000.00 (the “Tranche B”), for the purposes of providing the Guarantor with the funds 
necessary (i) to purchase the portion of the Initial Portfolio in excess of the nominal value of the First Series 
of Covered Bonds, equal to the initial level of the overcollateralization of the Cover Pool, (ii) to purchase 
further Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets in view of carrying out an integration of the Cover Pool in 
order to prevent or to cure a breach of the Tests provided for in the Transaction Documents during all the 
Life of the Programme, (iii) to purchase any Eligible Asset which meets the Criteria in relation to the Initial 
Portfolio but which has been not part of the Initial Portfolio (such Eligible Assets shall be deemed to have 
been assigned and transferred to the Guarantor as of the relevant transfer date, pursuant to the Master 
Purchase Agreement), and (iv) to deposit the Retention Amount on the Expenses Account. 
The Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement has been amended on 9 October 2013, for the purposes o f, inter 
alia, extending the due date for the repayment of the Tranche A on the date on which all and any Covered 
Bonds issued under the second Series have been fully and unconditionally repaid. 
The Guarantor shall pay any amounts due under the Subordinated Loan in accordance with the relevant 
Priorities of Payments.  
The advances made by the Seller pursuant to the Subordinated Loan shall be remunerated by the Guarantor 
by way of: 
(a) 
with respect to the advances made under the Tranche A, an amount of interests equal to the interests 
to be paid under the second Series of Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
with respect to the advances made under the Tranche B, the sum of the Reference Rate, the Margin 
and the Premium Interests. 
All and any amounts granted by the Seller under the Subordinated Loan, shall be repayable by the Guarantor 
on or after the date on which all and any Covered Bonds issued under the second Series have been fully and 
unconditionally repaid. 
Notwithstanding the above, the amounts granted by the Seller under the Tranche B of the Subordinated Loan 
shall be repaid in advance, under the circumstances and within the limits specified in the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, upon receipt by the Guarantor of a request from the Seller in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments and provided that such repayment does not result in a breach of any of the Tests. 
Main Definitions 
For the purposes of the Subordinated Loan Agreement: 
Margin means the margin as from time to time established in the Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement and 
in each Subsequent Subordinated Loan Agreement (as defined below).

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Premium Interests means, on any Guarantor Payment Date:  
(A) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive difference 
between (a) the sum of the Interest Available Funds, with respect to the immediately preceding 
Collection Period, and (b) the algebraic sum of the amounts due by the Guarantor under items from 
(i) to (xi) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; or 
(B) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default but prior to the occurrence o f a Guarantor 
Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive difference between (a) the sum o f the Available 
Funds with respect to the immediately preceding Collection Period and (b) the algebraic sum o f the 
amounts due by the Guarantor under items from (i) to (ix) (included) of the Post-Issuer Ev ent of 
Default Priority of Payments; or 
(C) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive difference 
between (a) the sum of the Available Funds with respect to the immediately preceding Co llection 
Period and (b) the algebraic sum of the amounts due by the Guarantor under items from (i) to (vii) 
(included) of the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments.  
Reference Rate has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Governing Law  
The Subordinated Loan Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Guarantee 
On or about the Issue Date, the Guarantor issued a guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds (the “Guarantee”), in accordance with the provisions of the Law 130/99 and o f 
the MEF Decree. 
Under the terms of the Guarantee, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, and service o f an 
Issuer Default Notice to the Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event o f Default, the 
Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably has agreed to pay to the Representative of the Bondholders (for 
the benefit of the Bondholders), any amounts due under the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bo nds as 
and when the same were originally due for payment by the Issuer. 
Pursuant to Article 7-bis, paragraph 1, of Law 130 and Article 4 of the MEF Decree, the guarantee provided 
under the Guarantee is a first demand (a prima richiesta), unconditional, irrevocable (irrevocabile) and 
independent guarantee (garanzia autonoma) and therefore provides for direct and independent obligations 
of the Guarantor vis-à-vis the Bondholders and with limited recourse to the Cover Pool, irrespective o f any 
invalidity, irregularity, unenforceability or genuineness of any of the guaranteed obligations of the Issuer. 
The provisions of the Italian Civil Code relating to fideiussione set forth in articles 1 939 (Validità della 
fideiussione), 1941, paragraph 1 (Limiti della fideiussione), 1944, paragraph 2 (Escussione preventiva), 1945 
(Eccezioni opponibili dal fideiussore), 1955 (Liberazione del fideiussore per fatto del creditore), 1956 
(Liberazione del fideiussore per obbligazione futura) and 1957 (Scadenza dell'obbligazione principale) shall 
not apply to the Guarantee. 
Should the Issuer become subject to the suspension of payments pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Act, 
the Guarantor shall directly provide to the payments due by the Issuer to the Bo ndholders during the 
Suspension Period on the relevant Due for Payment Date. 
Should the Issuer become subject to the administrative liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) 
pursuant to Article 80 and ff. of the Banking Act, the payments due by the Issuer in favour of the

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Bondholders under the Terms and Conditions shall be directly made by the Guarantor o n any Due for 
Payment Date. 
In case of administrative liquidation of the Issuer, the Guarantor shall exercise, on an exclusive basis and in 
compliance with the provisions of Article 4 of the MEF Decree, the rights of the Bo ndholders against the 
Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Available Funds. 
Following the service of an Issuer Default Notice o n the Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence o f a 
Guarantor Event of Default, the Guarantor will make payments o f the relevant Guaranteed A mounts 
pursuant to Guarantee on the relevant Due for Payment Date, subject to and in accordance with the Post-
Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and the service, by the Representative o f the 
Bondholders, of a Guarantor Default Notice, all Covered Bo nds will accelerate against the Guarantor, 
becoming due and payable, and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves and the Guarantor shall pay 
the relevant Guaranteed Amounts for all outstanding Covered Bonds on the relevant Due for Payment Date, 
subject to and in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payment. 
For the purposes of the Guarantee: 
Due for Payment Date means (a) a Scheduled Due for Payment Date (as defined below) or (b) fo llowing 
the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the date on which the Guarantor Default Notice is served o n 
the Guarantor. If the Due for Payment Date is not a Business Day, Due for Payment Date will be the next 
Business Day. 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts means any additional amounts relating to default interest o r 
interest upon interest payable by the Issuer. 
Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts means any additional amounts relating to prepayments, early 
redemption, broken funding indemnities, or penalties payable by the Issuer. 
Guaranteed Amounts means (a) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, with respect to any 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to (i) the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled 
Principal, in each case, payable on that Schedule Due for Payment Date o r any other amounts due and 
payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds pursuant to the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms and (ii) all amounts payable by the Guarantor under the Transaction Documents ranking senior to any 
payment due in respect of the Covered Bonds according to the applicable Priority of Payments, o r (b) after 
the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, an amount equal to (i) the relevant Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined and specified in the Terms and Conditions) plus all accrued and unpaid interests and all o ther 
amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all Excluded Sc heduled Interest 
Amounts and all Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose), and (ii) all amounts 
payable by the Guarantor under the Transaction Documents ranking senior to any payment due in respect to  
the Covered Bonds according to the applicable Priority of Payments. The Guaranteed Amounts include any 
Guaranteed Amount that was timely paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Bondholders to the extent it has 
been clawed back and recovered from the Bondholders by the receiver or liquidator, in bankruptcy o r o ther 
insolvency or similar proceedings for the Issuer named or identified in the order, and has no t been paid or 
recovered from any other source (the “Clawed Back Amounts”). 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date means: 
(i) 
(a) the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Amounts is 
reached, and (b) only with respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the later of (i) the day which is two Business Days following

--- Page 136 ---
136 
the service of the Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts and 
(ii) the relevant Scheduled Payment Date; or  
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specified that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Scheduled Payment Date that would have applied if the 
Maturity Date of such series or tranche of Covered Bonds had been the Extended Maturity Date o r 
such other Scheduled Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Scheduled Interest means in respect of each Scheduled Payment Date following the service o f an Issuer 
Default Notice to the Guarantor, an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have been 
due and payable under the Covered Bonds on such Scheduled Payment Date as specified in the Terms and 
Conditions falling on or after the service of an Issuer Default Notice to the Guarantor (but excluding any 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts).  
Scheduled Payment Date means, in relation to any payments due under the Guarantee, each CB Payment 
Date or, if applicable under the relevant Final Terms, each Optional Redemption Date.  
Scheduled Principal means in respect of each Scheduled Payment Date following the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice to the Guarantor, an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have 
been due and repayable under the Covered Bonds on such Scheduled Payment dates as specified in the 
Terms and Conditions (but excluding any Excluded Scheduled Principal Amount). 
Governing Law 
The Guarantee is governed by Italian law. 
Servicing Agreement 
On 30 November, 2011 the Servicer has agreed, pursuant to the terms o f a servicing agreement (as 
subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time and restated on 18 November 2021 in o rder to 
consolidate all the amendments agreed by means of the Amendment Agreements) (the “Servicing 
Agreement”), to administer and service the Assets comprised in the Cover Pool, on behalf of the Guarantor.  
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has agreed to perform certain servicing duties in connection 
with the Assets comprised in the Cover Pool, and, in general, the Servicer has agreed to be responsible for the 
management of the Assets and for cash and payment services (soggetto incaricato della riscossione dei 
crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e di pagamento) in accordance with the requirements of the Law 130/99. 
As consideration for activities performed and reimbursement of expenses, the Servicing Agreement provides 
that the Servicer will receive certain fees payable by the Guarantor on each Guarantor Payment Date in 
accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. 
Servicer's activities 
In the context of the appointment, the Servicer has undertaken to perform, with its best diligence, inter alia, 
the activities specified below: 
(a) 
administration, management and collection of the Assets in accordance with the collection policies; 
management and administration of enforcement proceedings and insolvency proceedings; 
(b) 
to perform certain activities with reference to the data processing pursuant to the GDPR and the 
applicable law of the Republic of Italy implementing the GDPR; 
(c) 
to keep and maintain updated and safe the documents relating to the transfer of the Assets from the

--- Page 137 ---
137
Seller to the Guarantor; to consent to the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bo ndholders to  
examine and inspect the documents and to draw copies; 
(d) 
following (i) the service of a Breach of Test Notice or (ii) the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, 
the Servicer may sell (in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor) certain Assets comprised in the 
Cover Pool, in accordance with the Portfolio Management Agreement, in the interest o f the 
Bondholders.  
The Servicer is entitled to delegate the performance of certain activities to third parties, except fo r the 
supervisory activities in accordance with Bank of Italy regulations of August 5, 1996, No . 216, as amended 
and supplemented. Notwithstanding the above, the Servicer shall remain fully liable fo r the activities 
performed by a party so appointed by the Servicer, and shall maintain the Guarantor fully indemnified fo r 
any losses, costs and damages incurred for the activity performed by a party so appointed by the Servicer. 
Servicer Reports 
The Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit quarterly reports to the Guarantor, the Seller, the Issuer, 
the Asset Monitor, the Rating Agency, the Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Swap 
Counterparties and the Representative of the Bondholders, in the form set out in the Servicing A greement, 
containing information as to the Collections made in respect of the Assets during the preceding Co llection 
Period. The reports will provide the main information relating to the Servicer's activity during the period. 
Successor Servicer 
According to the Servicing Agreement, the Guarantor, upon the occurrence of a termination event, shall have 
the right to withdraw the appointment of the Servicer at any time and to appoint a different entity (the 
“Successor Servicer”). Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Guarantor has undertaken to appoint the 
Successor Servicer immediately after the occurrence of a termination event. The Successor Servicer shall 
undertake to carry out the activity of administration, management and collection of the Assets, as well as all 
other activities provided for in the Servicing Agreement by entering into a servicing agreement having 
substantially the same form and contents as the Servicing Agreement and accepting the Terms and 
Conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The Guarantor may terminate the Servicer's appointment and appoint a Successor Servicer fo llowing the 
occurrence of any of the termination events (each a “Servicer Termination Event”). 
The Servicer Termination Events include inter alia: 
(a) 
failure to transfer, deposit or pay any amounts due by the Servicer to the Guarantor, which failure 
continues for a period of 3 Business Days following the earliest of (a) the date on which the Servicer 
has recognised such failure and (b) the date on which the Servicer has received a written notice from 
the Guarantor requiring the relevant amounts to be transferred, paid or deposited; 
(b) 
an insolvency, liquidation or winding up event occurs with respect to the Servicer, or a resolution of 
the board of directors of the Servicer has been adopted in o rder to o btain the admission o f the 
Servicer to any insolvency proceedings; 
(c) 
failure from CheBanca to observe or perform duties under the Servicing A greement, the Master 
Purchase Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which CheBanca is a party, which 
failure (i) – on the reasonable opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders – is able to 
substantially prejudice the interests of the Bondholders and (ii) is not remedied by the Servicer 
within 5 Business Days from the date on which such failure has occurred; and

--- Page 138 ---
138
(d) 
any representation and warranty of the Servicer contained in the Servicing Agreement shall prove to 
have been incorrect or incomplete with a prejudicial effect fo r the Guarantor and/or for the 
Programme, provided that these circumstances has not been cured within a 20 days period. 
In the event that the rating of Mediobanca has been downgraded by Fitch below “BBB” (with reference to its 
Long-Term IDR) and “F2” (with reference to its Short-Term IDR) and the relevant remedies provided in the 
Portfolio Management Agreement to be carried out by the Seller and the Issuer have been not satisfied, the 
Servicer shall, within 30 days from the date on which the events sub (a) and (b) have occurred, alternatively, 
to: 
(i) 
mitigate the Set-Off Risk entering into a first demand independent guarantee agreement (contratto 
di garanzia autonoma e a prima richiesta), for an aggregate maximum amount which will be from 
time to time equal to the Potential Set-Off Amounts (the “Guaranteed Maximum Amount”); or 
(ii) 
find an entity with a Long-Term IDR at least equal to “BBB” or a Short-Term IDR at least equal to 
“F2” by Fitch, which deposits an amount equal to the Guaranteed Maximum Amount on an account 
opened in the name of Guarantor and for such purposes with the Account Bank or, to the extent that 
the Account Bank ceases to be an Eligible Institution, with any Eligible Institution; or 
(iii) 
immediately inform, in compliance with the formalities required by law, all the Debtor to c arry o ut 
any future payments in relation to the A ssets c rediting the relevant amounts directly on the 
Collection Account. 
For the purposes of the Servicing Agreement: 
“Set-Off Risk” means the risk that the Debtors lawfully exercise rights of set-off vis-à-vis the Guarantor 
against any amounts payable by the Seller to the Debtors. 
In the event the rating of Mediobanca has been downgraded by Fitch below “BBB-” (with reference to its 
Long-Term IDR) and “F3” (with reference to its Short-Term IDR), the Guarantor, by means of the execution 
of a back-up servicing agreement (the “Back-Up Servicing Agreement”), shall appoint a back-up servicer 
(the “Back-Up Servicer”) which undertakes to automatically succed to the Servicer in case of termination 
of the appointment of the Servicer pursuant to the relevant terms and conditions provided fo r under the 
Servicing Agreement. The effectiveness of the appointment of the Back-Up Servicer is subject to  the prior 
written consent of the Representative of the Bondholders. The Guarantor shall give prior notice to the Rating 
Agency of its intention to execute the Back-Up Servicing Agreement. 
Governing Law 
The Servicing Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Corporate Services Agreement 
Pursuant to a corporate services agreement entered into on 17 June 2020 (the “Corporate Services 
Agreement”), the Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide the Guarantor with c ertain administrative 
services, including the keeping of the corporate books and of the accounting and tax registers. 
Governing Law 
The Corporate Services Agreement is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Intercreditor Agreement 
Under the terms of an intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date (as subsequently 
amended and supplemented from time to time and restated on 18 November 2021 in order to consolidate all 
the amendments agreed by means of the Amendment Agreements) (the “Intercreditor A greement”) 
among the Guarantor, the Quotaholders, the Seller, the Servicer, the Subordinated Lender, the Investment 
Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Asset Monitor, the Cover Pool 
Swap Provider, the Covered Bond Swap Provider, the Account Bank, the Paying A gents, the Test Report 
Provider, the Interest Determination Agent, the Corporate Servicer (collectively, with the sole exclusion o f 
the Guarantor and the Quotaholders, the “Secured Creditors”), the parties agreed that all the Available 
Funds of the Guarantor will be applied in or towards satisfaction of the Guarantor's payment obligations 
towards the Bondholders as well as the other Secured Creditors, in accordance with the relevant Priorities of 
Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the Bondholders will, subject to a Guarantor 
Event of Default having occurred, ensure that all the Available Funds are applied in or towards satisfaction of 
the Guarantor's payment obligations towards the Bondholders as well as the o ther Secured Creditors, in 
accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments provided in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to each of the Bondholders and each of the other Secured Creditors 
will be limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor. The Secured Creditors will have a c laim against the 
Guarantor only to the extent of the Available Funds, in each c ase subject to and as provided fo r in the 
Intercreditor Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
The Guarantor has granted a general irrevocable mandate to the Representative of the Bondholders, in the 
interest of the Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors (who irrevocably agreed to such mandate), 
under and pursuant to Article 1723, paragraph 2, and Article 1726 of the Italian Civil Code, to act in the name 
and on behalf of the Guarantor on the terms and conditions specified in the Intercreditor A greement, in 
exercising the rights of the Guarantor under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, provided that 
such powers will be exercisable only if the Guarantor fails to timely exercise its rights under the Transaction 
Documents. 
Under the Intercreditor Agreement the parties have agreed that, within the context of the Programme, the 
Subordinated Lender may enter into subsequent subordinated loan agreements (each, a “Subsequent 
Subordinated Loan Agreement”) under which the Subordinated Lender will undertake to make 
available to the Guarantor each of the following:  
(A) 
a subordinated loan agreement containing a Tranche A only, for the purpose of: 
(i) 
reimburse any Tranche B of any subordinated lo an agreement executed o n o r about any 
preceding Issue Date for an amount up to the difference (if positive) between (x) the total 
amount drawn under any Tranche B and (y) the amount of any Tranche B necessary to comply 
with the Tests from time to time applicable; and/or 
(ii) 
to purchase any Subsequent Portfolio; or  
(B) 
a subordinated loan agreement containing, in addition to the Tranche A aforementioned, a Tranche B 
for an amount necessary to comply with the Tests from time to time applicable. 
Apart from the characteristics indicated above, each Subsequent Subordinated Loan Agreement will have 
substantially the same terms and conditions of the Initial Subordinated Lo an A greement. A  Subsequent

--- Page 140 ---
140
Subordinated Loan Agreement has been executed in the context of the Programme between the Guarantor 
and the Subordinated Lender on 6 June 2014. 
Governing Law 
The Intercreditor Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Cash Management Agreement 
On or about the First Issue Date the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Cash Manager, the Account Bank, the Paying 
Agents, the Interest Determination Agent, the Seller, the Servicer, the Calculation A gent, the Test Report 
Provider, the Investment Manager and the Representative of the Bondholders entered into a cash 
management agreement (as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time and restated o n 1 8 
November 2021 in order to consolidate all the amendments agreed by means of the Amendment Agreements, 
the “Cash Management Agreement”), pursuant to which the Account Bank, the Interest Determination 
Agent, the Cash Manager, the Paying Agents, the Investment Manager and the Calculation Agent will provide 
the Guarantor with certain calculation, notification and reporting services together with account handling 
and cash management services in relation to moneys from time to time standing to the c redit o f the 
Accounts. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement: 
(a) 
the Account Bank will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor with certain account management services 
and other services in relation to monies standing from time to time to the credit o f the Co llection 
Account, the Reserve Account, the Expenses Account and the Transaction Account and to securities 
standing from time to time to the credit of the Securities Account; 
(b) 
the Cash Manager will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor, with (i) certain services in relation to the 
management of the monies to be credited or debited on the Ex penses Account, the Collection 
Account, the Reserve Account and the Transaction Account and (ii) certain payment services to the 
Guarantor; 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
will provide the Guarantor with calculation services with respect to c ertain calculations, 
notification and reporting services and, inter alia, will provide the Guarantor with a payments 
report (the “Payments Report”) which will set out the Available Funds and the payments to 
be made on the following Guarantor Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
will provide the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative o f the Bo ndholders, the Cash 
Manager, the Seller, the Servicer, the Paying Agent, the Italian Account Bank, the Account 
Bank and the Rating Agency with an investor report (the “Investor Report”) which will 
contain certain information relating to the immediately preceeding Collection Period; 
(d) 
the Paying Agent will provide the Issuer (prior to an Issuer Event o f Default) and the Guarantor 
(following an Issuer Event of Default) with certain payment services in favour of the Bondholders; 
(e) 
the Interest Determination Agent will provide certain calculation services to the Issuer (prior to an 
Issuer Event of Default) and the Guarantor (following an Issuer Event of Default) in relation to the 
payment of interest on the Covered Bond; 
(f) 
the Investment Manager will provide the Guarantor with certain services in relation to the 
investment, on behalf of the Guarantor, of funds standing to the credit of the Transaction Account

--- Page 141 ---
141 
and the Reserve Account in Eligible Investments. 
Account Bank 
The Collection Account, the Securities Account, the Transaction Account, the Expenses Account, the Reserve 
Account and the Quota Capital Account (together the “Accounts”) have been o pened in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Account Bank. 
On or prior to each Settlement Report Date, the Account Bank shall deliver to the Guarantor, the Servicer 
and the Calculation Agent a statement of account (estratto conto) in relation to each of the Accounts held by 
the Guarantor with it setting out the balance (saldo) thereof as of the last day of the immediately preceding 
Collection Period and details of amounts credited to and withdrawn from each such Account during such 
period. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement, it is a necessary requirement that the Account Bank shall be 
an Eligible Institution and failure to so qualify shall constitute a termination event thereunder. 
Cash Manager 
The amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts shall be debited and credited by the Cash Manager in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cash Management Agreement. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager shall make on behalf of the Guarantor all the payments 
pursuant to the relevant Priority of Payments (other than the payments under the Guarantee which shall be 
made by the Paying Agent, out of the funds received by the Cash Manager on behalf o f the Guarantor in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments).  
Calculation Agent 
On each Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent, subject to timely receipt of certain information, shall deliver 
via e-mail to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Seller, the Servicer, the 
Account Bank, the Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparties and the Corporate Services Provider the Payments 
Report with respect to the following Guarantor Payment Date.  
On each Investor Report Date, the Calculation Agent, subject to timely receipt of certain information, shall 
deliver via e-mail to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Cash Manager, the 
Seller, the Servicer, the Paying Agent, the Account Bank and the Rating Agency the Investor Report. 
The Paying Agent 
The Paying Agent will make payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds on behalf of 
the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. After the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default, the Paying Agent acting upon instruction of the Guarantor shall make payments of principal 
and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds on behalf of the Guarantor.  
Pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement as amended and supplemented from time to time, the role of 
Paying Agent in the context of the Programme will be carried out by Mediobanca, as long as it is an Eligible 
Institution and provided that an Issuer Event of Default has not occurred, otherwise BNP Paribas. 
Investment Manager 
The Investment Manager, on the basis of the investment instructions received by the Guarantor, shall invest 
on behalf of the Guarantor funds standing to the credit of the Transaction Account and the Reserve Account 
in Eligible Investments. Subject to compliance with the definition of Eligible Investments and the o ther

--- Page 142 ---
142
restrictions set out in the Cash Management Agreement, the Cash Manager shall have absolute discretion as 
to the types and amounts of Eligible Investments which it may acquire and as to the terms on which, through 
whom and on which markets, any purchase of Eligible Investments may be effected. 
No later than each Settlement Report Date, the Investment Manager shall deliver to the Guarantor, the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Corporate Services Provider a 
report (with all the information set out in Schedule 3 hereof) setting out details of the Eligible Investments 
made during the immediately preceding Collection Period out of the funds of the Transaction Account and 
the Reserve Account and the amounts (including any profit and return) deriving from the disposal and 
liquidation of such Eligible Investments. 
Termination 
Upon the occurrence of certain events, including the Account Banks or the Paying Agent ceasing to qualify as 
Eligible Institutions, as better described under the Cash Management Agreement, either the Representative 
of the Bondholders or the Guarantor may terminate the appointment of any Agent, as the case may be, under 
the terms of the Cash Management Agreement. 
Governing Law 
The Cash Management Agreement will be governed by Italian law. 
Portfolio Management Agreement 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Test Report Provider, 
the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Bondholders have entered into a po rtfolio management 
agreement (as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time and restated o n 18 November 
2021 in order to consolidate the amendments agreed by means of the Amendment Agreements) (the 
“Portfolio Management Agreement”). 
Pursuant to such agreement the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor have undertaken certain obligations fo r 
the replenishment of the Cover Pool in order to cure a breach of the Tests (as described in detail in section 
“Credit Structure” above). 
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the context o f the Programme 
have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and  
(ii) 
the date on which a Issuer Default Notice is served on the Guarantor as a consequence o f an Issuer 
Event of Default, 
the Issuer and the Seller have undertaken to procure on a continuing basis that on any Calculation Date (a) 
the Mandatory Test (as described in detail in section “Credit Structure” above) is met with respect to the 
Cover Pool and (b) the Asset Coverage Test (as defined in section “Credit Structure” above) is met with 
respect to the Cover Pool. The Test Report Provider shall verify the respect of the Mandatory test and the 
Asset Coverage Test on behalf of the Issuer and the Seller. 
On each Calculation Date following an Issuer Event of Default but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default, the 
Guarantor shall procure that the Amortisation Test (as defined in section “Credit structure – Tests”) is met. 
The Test Report Provider shall verify the respect of the Amortisation Test on behalf of the Guarantor. 
The Test Report Provider has agreed to prepare and deliver on each Calculation Date to the Issuer, the Seller, 
the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Asset Mo nitor, a report setting out the

--- Page 143 ---
143 
calculations carried out by it with respect of the Tests (the “Test Performance Report”). Such report shall 
specify the occurrence of a breach of the Mandatory Test and/or of the A sset Coverage Test and/or the 
Amortisation Test and/or the Integration Assets Limit. 
Following the notification by the Test Report Provider, in the relevant Test Performance Report, of a breach 
of the Mandatory Test and/or the Asset Coverage Test, the Seller and, to the extent that the Seller does not 
meet such obligation, the Issuer undertake to assign to the Guarantor and the Guarantor shall purchase from 
the Seller (and/or any Additional Seller, if any) or the Issuer, as the case may, Eligible Assets in accordance 
with the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and/or Integration Assets, in order to ensure that, within 
the Test Grace Period, all Tests and/or the Integration Assets Limit are satisfied with respect to the Cover 
Pool. 
The Guarantor shall comply with the following conditions in selecting the assets to be purchased: 
(i) 
give priority to the purchase of Eligible Assets from the Seller (and/or any Additional Seller, if any) 
and the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
to the extent that the Seller (and/or any Additional Sellers) and the Issuer inform the Guarantor that 
the Eligible Assets available for sale to the Guarantor prior to the expiry of the relevant Test Grace 
Period are not sufficient for the purpose of allowing the Tests to be remedied as of the fo llowing 
Calculation Date, the Guarantor will: 
(a) 
purchase Integration Assets from the Seller (and/or any Additional Sellers) and the Issuer; 
and 
(b) 
to the extent the Integration Assets purchased in accordance with item (a) above are 
insufficient, purchase Eligible Assets or Integration Assets from other entities; 
provided however that the aggregate amount of Integration Assets included in the Cover Pool following such 
purchase (taking into account the Liquidity) may not be in excess of 15% o f the aggregate o utstanding 
principal amount of the Cover Pool or any other limit set out in accordance with any relevant law, regulation 
or interpretation of any authority (including, for the avoidance of doubts, the Bank of Italy or the Minister o f 
Economy and Finance) which may be enacted with respect to the Covered Bonds Law, unless the 
Representative of the Bondholders resolves otherwise as this could be beneficial for the Programme. 
Should the relevant breach have not been remedied prior to the expiry of the applicable Test Grace Period, 
the Representative of the Bondholders shall deliver a Breach of Test Notice to the Issuer, the Seller and the 
Guarantor.  
After the service of a Breach of Test Notice to the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor, the Guarantor (or the 
Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor) may sell any Eligible Assets and Integration Assets included in the Cover 
Pool, in accordance with the rules set out in such Agreement, provided that the Representative o f the 
Bondholders has been duly informed.  
Once a Breach of Test Notice has been delivered to the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor, should the 
Mandatory Test and the Asset Coverage Test have not been remedied by the following Calculation Date, the 
Representative of the Bondholders shall deliver an Issuer Default Notice to the Issuer, the Seller and the 
Guarantor, unless the Representative of the Bondholders, having exercised its discretion, resolves otherwise 
or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed resolving otherwise. 
After the service of an Issuer Default Notice to the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor, the Guarantor (or the 
Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor) shall sell any Eligible Assets and Integration Assets included in the 
Cover Pool in accordance with the rules set out in such Agreement, provided that the Representative o f the

--- Page 144 ---
144
Bondholders has been duly informed.  
It being understood that should a breach of the Amortisation Test occur after an Issuer Event o f Default, it 
will determine a Guarantor Event of Default – unless the Representative o f the Bondholders, having 
exercised its discretion, resolves otherwise or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed resolving otherwise – if 
it is not cured within the following calculation date. 
With respect to any sale to be carried out in accordance with such Agreement, the Guarantor may, and after 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default shall, instruct a recognised portfolio manager (the “Portfolio 
Manager”) to endeavour - to the extent possible taking into account the time left before the Maturity Date 
or Extended Maturity Date (if applicable) of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds - to sell o r liquidate the 
Selected Assets included in the Cover Pool. To incentivise the Portfolio Manager to achieve the best price fo r 
the sale of Eligible Assets and Integration Assets, the fees of the Portfolio Manager will be determined on the 
basis of its performance. The terms of the agreement giving effect to the appointment o f the Portfolio 
Manager in accordance with the tender process shall be approved in writing by the Representative of the 
Bondholders. 
Following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall immediately sell all Eligible Assets 
and Integration Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the procedures described above, 
provided that the Guarantor will instruct the Portfolio Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure 
that such sale is carried out as quickly as reasonably practicable taking into account the market conditions at 
that time and subject to any right of pre-emption in favour o f the Seller under the Master Purchase 
Agreement and this Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale shall be credited to the Transaction Account 
and applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Governing Law 
The Portfolio Management Agreement will be governed by Italian law. 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
Pursuant to an asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date, among, inter alia, 
the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor, the Test Report Provider, the Seller, the Servicer, the Issuer and the 
Representative of the Bondolders (as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time and 
restated on 18 November 2021 in order to consolidate the amendments agreed by means of the Amendment 
Agreements) (the “Asset Monitor Agreement”), the Asset Monitor will perform certain monitoring and 
reporting services in favour of the Issuer (prior to an Issuer Event of Default) and the Guarantor (after an 
Issuer Event of Default): subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Test Report Provider, 
the Asset Monitor has undertaken to conduct independent tests in respect of the calculations performed by 
the Test Report Provider for the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test, as 
applicable with a view to verifying the compliance by the Issuer and the Guarantor with such tests.  
The Asset Monitor will be required to conduct such monitoring activities no later than the relevant Asset 
Monitor Report Date (as defined under the Asset Monitor Agreement). On or prior to each Asset Monitor 
Report Date, the Asset Monitor shall deliver to the Issuer and Guarantor a report substantially in the form set 
forth under the Asset Monitor Agreement. The Asset Monitor thereby authorises the Issuer (prior to the 
service of an Issuer Default Notice) and the Guarantor (after the service of an Issuer Default No tice) to 
deliver the Asset Monitor Report to the Test Report Provider, the Seller and the Representative of the 
Bondholders. In addition, the Asset Monitor has authorised the Issuer (prior to the service o f an Issuer 
Default Notice) and the Guarantor (after the service of an Issuer Default No tice) also to send the Asset 
Monitor Report to the Rating Agency, to the extent that the Rating Agency has requested it, and subject to 
the Rating Agency having sent to the Asset Monitor, prior to the first delivery of the Asset Monitor Report to

--- Page 145 ---
145 
the Rating Agency, a release letter confirming that the Rating Agency will not be able to rely o n any such 
reports received under the Programme. 
Other than in relation to the verification of the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the 
Amortisation Test, the Asset Monitor is entitled, in the absence o f manifest error, to assume that all 
information provided to it under this Agreement is true and correct and is complete and not misleading.  
In the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has acknowledged to perform its services also for the 
benefit and in the interests of the Guarantor (to the extent it will carry out the services under the 
appointment of the Issuer) and the Bondholders and accepted that upon delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, 
it will receive instructions from, provide its services to, and be liable vis-à-vis the Guarantor o r the 
Representative of the Bondholders on its behalf.  
The Issuer will pay to the Asset Monitor for the Issuer Services a fee equal to the amount agreed in the 
Engagement Letter. Starting from the Guarantor Payment Date after the service of an Issuer Default Notice, 
subject to and in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payment, the provisions o f the Intercreditor 
Agreement and within the limits of the Available Funds, the Guarantor will pay to the Asset Monitor a fee for 
the services to be performed by the Asset Monitor in the amount set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement.  
The Issuer and (upon delivery of an Issuer Default Notice) the Guarantor may, subject to the prior approval 
of the Representative of the Bondholders, revoke the appointment of the Asset Monitor by giving not less 
than three months written notice to the Asset Monitor (with a copy to the Representative of the Bondholders) 
or earlier, in the event of a breach of warranties and covenants. If termination of the appointment of the 
Asset Monitor would otherwise take effect less than 30 days before any Calculation Date on which an A sset 
Monitor Report shall be delivered, then such termination shall not take effect until the tenth day fo llowing 
such Calculation Date. In any case, no revocation of the appointment of the Asset Monitor shall take effect 
until a successor, approved by the Representative of the Bondholders, has been duly appointed.  
The Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign by giving not less than three months (or such shorter period as 
the Representative of the Bondholders may agree) prior written notice o f termination to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders. Such resignation will be subject to  and c onditional 
upon: (i) if such resignation would otherwise take effect less than 30 days before any Calculation Date o n 
which an Asset Monitor Report shall be delivered, then such resignation shall not take effect until the tenth 
day following such Calculation Date, (ii) the Representative of the Bondholders consenting in writing to the 
resignation (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), (iii) a substitute Asset Monitor being appointed 
by the Issuer and (upon delivery of an Issuer Default Notice) the Guarantor, with the prior written approval 
of the Representative of the Bondholders, on substantially the same terms as those set o ut in the A sset 
Monitor Agreement and (iv) the Asset Monitor being not released from its obligations under this Agreement 
until a substitute Asset Monitor has entered into such new agreement and it has become a party to the 
Intercreditor Agreement; and provided that, if the substitute Asset Monitor is no t appointed within fo ur 
months from the date of the written notice set out above, the A sset Monitor shall be released from its 
obligations under the Asset Monitor Agreement.  
Pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Guarantor has undertaken to notify the Rating Agency in case 
of termination of its appointment or in case of its resignation from its appointment under the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, in accordance with the relevant provisions provided for under the Asset Mo nitor Agreement. 
Moreover, in case of amendments or modifications to the Asset Monitor Agreement, the parties to the A sset 
Monitor Agreement have agreed to notify such amendments or modifications to the Rating Agency. 
Governing Law  
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 146 ---
146
Quotaholders’ Agreement 
On 18 November 2021 the Seller, SPV Holding and the Representative of the Bo ndholders entered into a 
quotaholders' agreement, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the “Quotaholders’ 
Agreement”), containing provisions and undertakings in relation to the management of the Guarantor.  
Governing Law 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement will be governed by Italian law. 
Programme Agreement 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Issuer, the Seller, the Representative of Bondholders and the Dealers 
entered into a programme agreement (as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time and 
restated on 18 November 2021 in order to consolidate the amendments agreed by means of the Amendment 
Agreements, the “Programme Agreement”), which contains c ertain arrangements under which the 
Covered Bonds may be issued and sold, from time to time, by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Dealer(s) have agreed that any Covered Bo nds o f any 
Series or Tranche which may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer and any Dealer(s) to be issued 
by the Issuer and subscribed for by such Dealer(s) shall be issued and subscribed for on the basis o f, and in 
reliance upon, the representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnities made or given or provided to 
be made or given pursuant to the terms of the Programme Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed, neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer(s) is, are or shall be, in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement, under 
any obligation to issue or subscribe for any Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche. 
Under the Programme Agreement the Dealers have appointed the Representative of the Bondholders, which 
appointment has been confirmed by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will indemnify the Dealers for costs, liabilities, charges, expenses and claims 
incurred by or made against the Dealers arising out of, in connection with o r based o n breach of duty o r 
misrepresentation by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Programme Agreement contains provisions relating to the resignation or termination of appointment o f 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other dealers acceding as new dealer (a) generally 
in respect of the Programme or (b) in relation to a particular issue of Covered Bonds. 
The Programme Agreement contains stabilisation provisions. 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor have given c ertain 
representations and warranties to the Dealers in relation to, inter alia, themselves and the information given 
by them in connection with this Base Prospectus.  
The Programme Agreement also contains the pro forma of the Subscription Agreement to be entered into in 
relation to each issue of Covered Bonds. 
Within the Programme, the Issuer and the Dealers (the “Relevant Dealers”) will enter into a subscription 
agreement under which the Relevant Dealers will agree to subscribe for the relevant tranche o f Covered 
Bonds, subject to the conditions set out therein (“Subscription Agreement”). 
Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Relevant Dealers will confirm the appointment of the 
Representative of the Bondholders. 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer may from time to time increase the maximum aggregate

--- Page 147 ---
147 
principal amount of Covered Bonds which may be outstanding at any time in the context of the Programme 
(the “Programme Limit”) by delivering a notice thereof to the Dealers (with a copy to the Guarantor and 
the Representative of the Bondholders) including the indication o f the new Programme Limit o f the 
Programme, subject to the compliance with the Covered Bonds Law and to the publication of a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 18, paragraph (i) of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979. 
Governing Law 
The Programme Agreement and the Subscription Agreement will be governed by Italian law. 
Deed of Pledge 
By a deed of pledge (the “Deed of Pledge”) executed by the Guarantor in the context of the Programme the 
Guarantor has pledged in favour of the Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors all the fo r c laims, 
indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and guarantees) to which monetary claims and rights and all the 
amounts payable from time to time, o ther than those to be received by the Guarantor under to the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, (including payment the Guarantor is entitled pursuant to, or in relation to, 
the Transaction Documents (other than the English Law Documents), including the monetary c laims and 
rights relating to the amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts (other than the Quota Capital Account) 
and any other account established by the Guarantor in accordance with the provisions o f the Transaction 
Documents.  
Governing Law 
The Deed of Pledge is governed by Italian law. 
Deed of Charge 
By a deed of charge (the “Deed of Charge”) executed by the Guarantor on or about the First Issue Date, the 
Guarantor has, with full title guarantee, assigned absolutely to the Representative of the Bondholders (acting 
as security trustee for the Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, the “Security Trustee”), by way of 
first fixed security, all of its rights under the Swap Agreements as security for the payment and discharge o f 
its obligations under the Guarantee. The Security Trustee will hold the benefit o f the Deed of Charge, 
including the security created and other rights granted in it to the Security Trustee, for itself and on trust fo r 
the Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors on the terms set out in the Deed of Charge. 
Governing Law 
The Deed of Charge is governed by English law. 
Swap Agreements  
Cover Pool Swaps 
In order to hedge the interest rate risks related to the Cover Pool, the Guarantor will enter into one o r more 
swap transactions with the Cover Pool Swap Counterparty, on or about the date of each transfer under the 
Master Purchase Agreement, subject to an ISDA Master Agreement, the CSA (if any) and the relevant 
confirmation (each a “Cover Pool Swap” and together the “Cover Pool Swaps”).  
In order to hedge the interest rate risks related to the Cover Pool, the Guarantor will enter into one o r more 
swap transactions with the relevant Cover Pool Swap Counterparty subject to an ISDA Master Agreement, 
the CSA (if any) and the relevant confirmation (the “Cover Pool Swaps” and each a “Cover Pool Swap”).  
The Cover Pool Swap may also be terminated upon the occurrence of a Termination Event (as defined in the

--- Page 148 ---
148
1992 ISDA Master Agreement and includes any other Additional Termination Events). 
Governing Law 
The Cover Pool Swaps are governed by English Law. 
Covered Bond Swaps  
In order to hedge the currency and/or interest rate exposure in relation to obligations under the Covered 
Bonds, the Guarantor will enter into one or more swap transactions with the Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty, on or about each Issue Date, subject to an ISDA Master Agreement, the CSA (if any) and the 
relevant confirmation (each a “Covered Bond Swap” and together the “Covered Bonds Swaps”).  
The Covered Bond Swap may also be terminated upon the occurrence of a Termination Event (as defined in 
the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement and includes any other Additional Termination Events). 
Governing Law 
The Cover Pool Swaps are governed by English Law.

--- Page 149 ---
149
 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW 
The following is a summary only of certain aspects of Italian law that are relevant to the transactions 
described in this Base Prospectus and of which prospective Bondholders should be aware. It is not intended 
to be exhaustive and prospective Bondholders should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus.  
Law 130 and article 7-bis thereof and BoI Regulations. General remarks  
The Law 130 was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived to simplify the securitisation process and to 
facilitate the increased use of securitisation as a financing technique in the Republic of Italy.  
Law Decree of 14 March 2005, No. 35, converted with amendments into law by law 1 4 May 2005, No. 80, 
added articles 7-bis and 7-ter to the Law 130, which regulate the issuance of covered bonds (o bbligazioni 
bancarie garantite). 
The Law 130 was further amended by Law Decree no. 143 of 23 December 2013 (the “Destinazione I talia 
Decree”) as converted into Law no. 9 of 21 February 2014, by Law Decree no. 91 of 24 June 2014 (the 
“Decree Competitività”) as converted into Law no. 116 of 11 August 2014, by Law Decree No . 18 of 1 5 
February 2016 converted into Law No. 49 of 8 April 2016, by Law Decree No. 50 of 24 April 2017, converted 
into Law no. 96 of 21 June 2017 (Law 96/2017), by Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, by Law Decree No. 
34 of 30 April 2019, converted into Law no. 58 of 28 June 2019, by Law no. 160 of 27 December 2019, by Law 
Decree no. 162 of 30 December 2019, converted into Law no. 8 of 28 February 2020, by Law no. 178 of 30 
December 2020 and by Legislative Decree no. 190 of 5 November 2021. 
Pursuant to article 7-bis, certain provisions of the Law 130 apply to transactions involving the “true” sale (by 
way of non-gratuitous assignment) of receivables meeting certain eligibility criteria set o ut in article 7-bis 
and in the MEF Decree (as defined below), where the sale is to  a special purpose vehicle incorporated 
pursuant to article 7-bis and all amounts paid by the debtors are to be used by the special purpose v ehicle 
exclusively to meet its obligations under a guarantee to be issued by it, in view o f securing the payment 
obligations of the selling bank or of other banks in connection with the issuance o f c overed bonds (the 
“Guarantee”).  
Pursuant to Article 7-bis, the purchase price of the assets to be comprised in the cover pool shall be financed 
through the taking of a loan granted or guaranteed by the bank selling the assets. The payment obligations of 
the special purpose vehicle under such loan shall be subordinated to the payment obligations of the issuing 
bank vis-à-vis the bondholders, the counterparties of any derivative contracts hedging risks in c onnection 
with the assigned receivables and securities, the c ounterparties o f any other ancillary contract and 
counterparties having a claim in relation to any payment of other costs of the transaction.  
The Covered Bonds are further regulated by the BoI Regulations, under which the covered bonds may be 
issued also by banks which individually satisfy, o r which are member o f banking groups which o n a 
consolidated basis satisfy, certain requirements relating to the regulatory capital and the solvency ratio. Such 
requirements must be complied with also by banks selling the assets, where the latter are different from the 
bank issuing the covered bonds. 
Following the issue of the MEF Decree, the Bank of Italy Supervisory Instructions were published on 17 May 
2007, as subsequently amended on 24 March 2010 and further supplemented by Title V , Chapter 3 o f the 
“Nuove Disposizioni di Vigilanza Prudenziale per le Banche” (Circolare No. 263 o f 27 December 2006), 
completing the relevant legal and regulatory framework and allowing for the implementation on the Italian

--- Page 150 ---
150
market of the covered bonds, which have previously only been available under special legislation to specific 
companies. 
The Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circolare of the Bank 
of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013) which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing CRD IV 
Package and setting out additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised on EU level. 
Following the publication on 25 June 2014 of the 5th update to Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 285 o f 17 
December 2013, the Bank of Italy’s covered bonds regulations have been included in Part III, Section 3 
(Obbligazioni bancarie garantite) under the Bank o f Italy’s Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, 
containing the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” , and provisions set forth under Title V, Chapter 3 of 
Circolare No. 263 of 27 December 2006 have been abrogated. 
Eligibility criteria of the assets and limits to the assignment of assets  
The Minister of Economy and Finance has issued a decree on 14 December 2006, No. 310 in order to enact 
the implementing regulation of the article 7-bis of the Law 130, in particular for the purposes o f specifying 
the maximum ratio between the covered bonds and the assets assigned to the special purpose vehicle and 
comprised in the cover pool, the eligibility criteria of the assets to be assigned to the special purpose vehicle, 
also for the integration of the cover pool and the characteristics of the guarantee to be released by the special 
purpose vehicle (the “MEF Decree”). Under the MEF Decree, the fo llowing assets, inter alia, may be 
assigned to the purchasing company, together with any ancillary contracts aimed at hedging the financial 
risks embedded in the relevant assets: (i) residential mortgage receivables, where the relevant amount 
outstanding added to the principal amount outstanding of any previous mortgage loans secured by the same 
property by the seller, does not exceed 80 per cent. of the value of the mortgaged property (the “Residential 
Mortgage Receivables”), (ii) non residential mortgage receivables, where the relevant amount 
outstanding added to the principal amount outstanding of any previous mortgage loans secured by the same 
property by the seller, does not exceed 60 per cent. of the value of the property (the “Non-Residential 
Mortgage Receivables” and, together with the Residential Mo rtgage Receivables, the “Mortgage 
Receivables”), (iii) securities satisfying the requirements set forth under article 2, paragraph 1, letter c ) of 
the MEF Decree (as define below) (the “Public Securities”) and (iv) securities issued in the framework o f 
securitisations with 95% of the underlying assets of the same nature as in (i) and (ii) above and having a risk 
weighting non higher than 20% under the standardized approach (the “Asset Backed Securities” and, 
together with the Mortgage Receivables and the Public Securities, the “Assets”), and, within certain limits, 
Integration Assets.  
The BoI Regulations set out certain requirements for banks belonging to banking groups with respect to the 
issuance of covered bonds to be met at the time of the relevant issuance: 
(i) 
a regulatory capital on a consolidated basis of not less than Euro 250,000,000.00; and 
(ii) 
an overall capital ratio on a consolidated basis of not less than 9 per cent. 
The above mentioned requirements must be complied with, as of the date of the assignment, also by the 
banks selling the assets, where the latter are different from the bank issuing the covered bonds and do not fall 
within the same banking group. If the bank selling the assets does not belong to a banking group, the above 
mentioned requirements relate to the individual regulatory capital and/or overall capital ratio.  
Banks not complying with the above mentioned requirements may set up covered bond programmes o nly 
prior notice to the Bank of Italy, which may start an administrative process to assess the compliance with the 
applicable requirements.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Moreover, the BoI OBG Regulations set out certain limits to the possibility for banks to assign eligible assets, 
which are linked to the tier 1 ratio (“T1R”) and common equity tier 1 ratio (“CET1R”) of the individual bank 
(or of the relevant banking group, if applicable), in accordance with the following table, contained in the BoI 
Regulations: 
The relevant T1R and CET1R set out in the grid relate to the aggregate of the covered bonds transactions 
launched by the relevant banking group or individual bank, as the case may be. If foreign entities belonging 
to the banking group of the bank selling the assets have issued c overed bonds in accordance with their 
relevant jurisdiction and have therefore segregated part of their assets to guarantee the relevant issuances, 
the limits set out above shall be applied to the eligible assets held by the Italian companies being part o f the 
assigning bank's banking group. 
In addition to the above, certain further amendments have been introduced in respect o f the monitoring 
activities to be performed by the asset monitor. 
The Limits to the Assignment do not apply in case of Integration (as defined below) of the cover pool, 
provided that Integration is allowed exclusively within the limits set out by the BoI Regulations.  
The substitution of eligible assets included in the portfolio with other eligible assets of the same nature is also 
permitted, provided that certain conditions indicated under the BoI Regulations are met. 
Ring-Fencing of the Assets  
Under the terms of article 3 of the Law 130, the assets relating to each transaction will by operation of law be 
segregated for all purposes from all other assets of the special purpose vehicle (the “SPV”) which purchases 
the receivables. On a winding up of the SPV such assets will only be available to holders of the covered bonds 
in respect of which the SPV has issued a guarantee and to the other secured creditors of the SPV. In addition, 
the assets relating to a particular transaction will not be available to the holders of covered bonds issued in 
relation to any other transaction or to general creditors of the SPV.  
However, under Italian law, any other creditor of the special purpose vehicle  which is not party to the 
transaction documents would be able to commence insolvency or winding up proceedings against the special 
purpose vehicle in respect of any unpaid debt.  
T he Assignment  
The assignment of the receivables under the Law 130 will be governed by article 58 paragraph 2, 3 and 4, o f 
the Banking Act. The prevailing interpretation of this provision, which view has been strengthened by article 
4 of the Law 130, is that the assignment can be perfected against the selling bank, assigned debtors and third 
party creditors by way of publication of a notice in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy and by way of 
registration of such notice in the register of enterprises (registro delle imprese) at which the SPV is 
registered, so avoiding the need for notification to be served on each debtor.  
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the assignment in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy and the date of registration of such notice with the c ompetent Register of 
Capital adequacy condition  
Lim its to the A ssignment 
Group “a” 
T1 R ≥ 9 % and CET1R ≥ 8%  
No lim its 
Group “b” 
T1 R ≥ 8% and CET1R ≥ 7% 
Assignment allowed up to 60% of the eligible assets 
Group “c” 
T1 R ≥ 7% and CET1R ≥ 6 % 
Assignment allowed up to 25% of the eligible assets

--- Page 152 ---
152 
Enterprises, the assignment becomes enforceable against:  
(a) 
the debtors and any creditors of the selling bank who have not, prior to the date of publication of the 
notice, commenced enforcement proceedings in respect of the relevant receivables;  
(b) 
the liquidator or any other bankruptcy officials of the debtors (so that any payments made by a 
debtor to the SPV may not be subject to any c law-back action according to article 67  o f the 
Bankruptcy Law;  
(c) 
other permitted assignees of the seller who have not perfected their assignment prior to the date o f 
publication. 
Upon the completion of the formalities referred to above, the benefit of any privilege, guarantee or security 
interest guaranteeing or securing repayment of the assigned receivables will automatically be transferred to 
and perfected with the same priority in favour of the special purpose vehicle, without the need fo r any 
formality or annotation.  
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the assignment in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy and the date of registration of such notice with the c ompetent Register of 
Enterprises, no legal action may be brought against the receivables assigned or the sums derived therefrom 
other than for the purposes of enforcing the rights of the holders of the covered bonds and to meet the costs 
of the transaction.  
However, article 7-bis, paragraph 4, also provides that where the functions of servicer (soggetto incaricato 
della riscossione dei crediti) are attributed, in the context of covered bonds transaction, to an entity o ther 
than the assigning bank (whether from the outset or eventually), notice of such circumstance shall be given 
by way of publication in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy and registered mail with return receipt to 
the relevant public administrations.  
T he SPV 
The Italian legislator chose to implement the new legislation on covered bonds by supplementing the Law 
130, thus basing the new structure on a well established platform and applying to c overed bonds many 
provisions with which the market is already familiar in relation to Italian securitisations. Accordingly, as is 
the case with the special purpose entities which act as issuers in Italian securitisation transactions, the SPV is 
required to be established with an exclusive corporate object that, in the case of covered bonds, must be the 
purchaser of assets eligible for cover pools and the person giving guarantees in the context of c overed bond 
transactions. 
On 8 May 2015, the Ministerial Decree No. 53/2015 (the “Decree 53/2015”) issued by the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance has been published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy. The Decree 53/2015 
provides for the implementation of Articles 106, paragraph 3, 112, paragraph 3, and 114 of the Banking Act 
and Article 7-ter, paragraph 1-bis of Law 130 and entered into force on 23 May 2015, repealing the Decree 
No. 29/2009. Pursuant to Article 7 of the Decree 53/2015, the assignee companies which guarantee covered 
bonds, belonging to a banking group as defined by Article 60 o f the Banking Act (such as Mediobanca 
Covered Bond S.r.l.), will no longer have to be registered in the general register held by the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to Article 106 of the Banking Act. 
Exemption from claw-back  
Assignments executed under the Law 130 are subject to revocation on bankruptcy under article 67 o f the 
Bankruptcy Law, but only in the event that the transaction is entered into (i) within three months o f the 
adjudication of bankruptcy of the relevant party or (ii), in cases where paragraph 1  of article 67 applies,

--- Page 153 ---
153 
within six months of the adjudication of bankruptcy.  
The subordinated loan to be granted to the SPV and the Guarantee are subject to the provisions of article 67, 
paragraph 4, of the Bankruptcy Law, pursuant to which the provisions of article 67 relating to the claw back 
of for-consideration transactions, payments and guarantees do not apply to certain transactions.  
T ests set out in the MEF Decree  
Pursuant to article 3 of the MEF Decree the issuing bank and the assigning bank (to the extent different from 
the issuer), will have to ensure that, in the context of the transaction, the following tests are satisfied o n an 
ongoing basis:  
(a) 
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the cover pool shall be higher than, o r equal to, the 
aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding covered bonds;  
(b) 
the net present value of the cover pool, net of the transaction costs to be borne by the SPV, including 
therein the expected costs and the costs of any hedging arrangement entered into in relation to the 
transaction, shall be higher than, or equal to, the net present value of the outstanding covered bonds;  
(c) 
the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the assets included in the cover pool, net o f 
the costs borne by the SPV, shall be higher than, or equal to,the interests and costs due under the 
outstanding covered bonds, taking also into account any hedging arrangements entered into in 
relation to the transaction;  
(the above tests are jointly defined as the “Mandatory Tests”).  
For the purpose of ensuring compliance with the tests described above and pursuant to article 2, para. 3, o f 
the MEF Decree, in addition to the assets listed in article 2, para. 1, of the MEF Decree which are generally 
eligible, the following assets may be used for the purpose of the integration of the cover pool:  
(a) 
the creation of deposits with banks incorporated in public administrations of States comprised in the 
European Union, the European Economic Space and the Swiss Confederation (the “Admitted States” 
or in a State which attract a risk weight factor equal to 0% under the “Standardized Approach” to 
credit risk measurement;  
(b) 
the assignment of securities issued by the banks referred to under (a) above, having a residual 
maturity not exceeding one year.  
(the “Integration Assets”).  
Integration through Integration Assets shall be allowed within the limits of 15% of the nominal value o f the 
assets included in the cover pool.  
In addition, pursuant to article 7-bis and the MEF Decree, integration of the cover pool – whether through 
assets or through Integration Assets – (the “Integration”) shall be c arried out in accordance with the 
modalities, and subject to the limits, set out in the BoI Regulations.  
More specifically, under the BoI Regulations, the Integration is allowed exclusively fo r the purpose o f (a) 
complying with the Mandatory Tests; (b) complying with any contractual overcollateralisation requirements 
agreed by the parties to the relevant agreements or (c) complying with the 15% maximum amount o f 
Integration Assets within the cover pool (the “Limits to Integration”). The Limits to the Assignment do 
not apply to the assignment of Integration Assets.  
The Integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in the BoI Regulations. In any event,

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Integration Assets may be replaced at any time without any limitation with Eligible Assets.  
T he features of the Guarantee  
According to article 4 of the MEF Decree the Guarantee shall be limited recourse to the c over pool, 
irrevocable, first-demand, unconditional and autonomous from the obligations assumed by the Issuer of the 
covered bonds. Accordingly, such obligations shall be a direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligation o f 
the SPV, limited recourse to the SPV’s available funds, irrespective o f any invalidity, irregularity or 
unenforceability of any of the guaranteed obligations of the issuer of the covered bonds.  
In order to ensure the autonomous nature of the Guarantee, article 4 of the MEF Decree provides that the 
following provisions of the Italian Civil Code, generally applicable to personal guarantees (fideiussioni), shall 
not apply to the Guarantee (a) article 1939, providing that a fideiussione shall not generally be valid where 
the guaranteed obligation is not valid; (b) article 1941, para. 1, providing that a fideiussione cannot exceed 
the amounts due by the guaranteed debtor, nor can it be granted for conditions more onerous than those 
pertaining to the main obligation; (c) article 1944, para. 2, providing, inter alia, that the parties to the 
contract pursuant to which the fideiussione is issued may agree that the guarantor shall not be obliged to pay 
before the attachment is carried out against the guaranteed debtor; (d) article 1 945, providing that the 
guarantor can raise against the creditor any objections (eccezioni) which the guaranteed debtor is entitled to 
raise, except for the objection relating to the lack of legal capacity on the part of the guaranteed debtor; (e) 
article 1955, providing that a fideiussione shall become ineffective (estinta) where, as a consequence o f acts 
of the creditor, the guarantor is prevented from subrogating into any rights, pledges, mortgages, and liens 
(privilegi) of the creditor; (f) article 1956, providing that the guarantor of future receivables shall not be 
liable where the creditor – without the authorization of the guarantor – has extended credit to a third party, 
while being aware that the economic conditions of the principal obligor were such that recovering o f the 
receivable would have become significantly more difficult; (g) article 1957, providing, inter alia, that the 
guarantor will be liable also after the guaranteed obligation has become due and payable, provided that the 
creditor has filed its claim against the guaranteed debtor within six months and has diligently pursued them.  
T he obligations of the Guarantor following a liquidation of the Issuer  
The MEF Decree set out also certain principles which are aimed at ensuring that the payment obligations o f 
the SPV are isolated from those of the Issuer of the Covered Bo nds. To that effect it requires that the 
Guarantee contains provisions stating that the relevant obligations thereunder shall not accelerate upon the 
Issuer’s default, so that the payment profile of the Covered Bonds shall not automatically be affected thereby.  
More specifically, article 4 of the MEF Decree provides that in case of breach by the Issuer of its obligations 
vis-à-vis the Bondholders, the SPV shall assume the obligations of the Issuer – within the limits of the cover 
pool – in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set o ut fo r the Covered Bo nds. The same 
provision applies where the Issuer is subject to mandatory liquidation procedures (liquidazione c oatta 
amministrativa).  
In addition, the acceleration (decadenza dal beneficio del termine) provided for by article 1186 o f the Civil 
Code and affecting the Issuer shall not affect the payment obligations of the SPV under the Covered Bo nds 
Guarantee. Pursuant to article 4 of the MEF Decree, the limitation in the application of article 1186 of the 
Civil Code shall apply not only to the events expressly mentioned therein, but also to any additional event o f 
acceleration provided for in the relevant contractual arrangements.  
In accordance with article 4, para. 3, of the MEF Decree, in case of liquidazione coatta amministrativa of the 
Issuer, the SPV shall exercise the rights of the Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with the legal 
regime applicable to the Issuer. Any amount recovered by the SPV as a result of the exercise o f such rights 
shall be deemed to be included in the cover pool.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
The Bank of Italy shall supervise on the compliance with the aforesaid provisions, within the limits of the 
powers vested with the Bank of Italy by the Banking Act.  
Controls over the transaction  
The BoI Regulations lay down rules on controls over transactions involving the issuance of covered bonds.  
Inter alia, the resolutions of the selling banks approving the assignment of portfolios to the SPV are passed 
in relation to each transfer of assets on the basis of appraisal reports on the assets prepared by an auditing 
firm. Such report are not required where the assignment is carried out at the book values set out in the most 
recent approved financial statements of the selling bank, or in its most recent six month report (situazione 
patrimoniale semestrale).  
The management body of the issuing bank must ensure that the structures delegated to the risk management 
verify at least every six months and for each transaction, inter alia:  
(a) 
the quality and integrity of the assets sold to the SPV securing the obligations undertaken by the 
latter;  
(b) 
compliance with the maximum ratio between covered bonds issued and the cover pool sold to the 
SPV for purposes of backing the issue, in accordance with the MEF Decree;  
(c) 
compliance with the Limits to the Assignment and the Limits to the Integration set o ut by the Bo I 
Regulations;  
(d) 
the effectiveness and adequacy of the coverage of risks provided under derivative agreements entered 
into in connection with the transaction; and 
(e) 
completeness, accuracy and timeliness of information available to investors pursuant to art. 1 29, 
paragraph 7, of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Co uncil o f 26 
June 2013, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
The bodies with management responsibilities of issuing banks and banking groups ensure that an assessment 
is carried out on the legal aspects of the activity on the basis of specially issued legal reports setting out an in-
depth analysis of the contractual structures and schemes adopted, with a particular focus on, inter alia, the 
characteristics of the Guarantee.  
The BoI Regulations also contain certain provisions on the asset monitor, who is delegated to c arry out 
controls over the regularity of the transaction (regolarità dell’operazione) and the integrity of the Guarantee 
(integrità della garanzia) (the “Asset Monitor”).  Due to the latest amendments to the Bo I Regulations, 
introduced by way of inclusion of new Part III, Chapter 3 (Obbligazioni bancarie garantite) in Bank of Italy’s 
Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, the Asset Monitor is also requested to c arry o ut c ontrols over the 
information to be provided to investors (informativa agli investitori). Pursuant to the BoI Regulations the 
Asset Monitor shall be an auditing firm having adequate professional experience in relation to the tasks 
entrusted with the same and independent from (a) the audit firm entrusted with the auditing of the issuing 
bank, (b) the issuing bank and (c) the other entities taking part to the transaction.  
The Asset Monitor shall prepare annual reports o n c ontrols and assessments o n the performance o f 
transactions, to be addressed, inter alia, to the body entrusted with control functions of the Issuer. The Bo I 
Regulations refer to the provisions (art. 52 and 61, para. 5, of the Banking Act), which impose on persons 
responsible for conducting controls specific obligations to report to the Bank of Italy. Such reference appears 
to be aimed at ensuring that any serious irregularities found are reported to the Bank of Italy.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
In order to ensure that the SPV can perform, in an orderly and timely manner, the obligations arising under 
the Guarantee, the issuing banks shall use asset and liability management techniques for purposes of 
ensuring, including by way of specific controls at least every six months, that the payment dates of the cash-
flows generated by the cover pool match the payments dates with respect to payments due by the issuing 
bank under the covered bonds issued and other transaction costs.  
Finally, in relation to the information flows, the parties to the covered bonds transactions shall assume 
contractual undertakings allowing the issuing and the assigning bank also acting as servicer (and any third 
party servicer, if appointed) to hold the information on the cover pool which are necessary to c arry o ut the 
controls described in the BoI Regulations and for the compliance with the supervisory reporting obligations, 
including therein the obligations arising in connection with the membership to the c entral credit register 
(Centrale dei Rischi).  
Usury Law 
Pursuant to the Usury Law, lenders are prevented from applying interest rates higher than those deemed to 
be usurious (the “Usury Rates”). Usury Rates are set on a quarterly basis by a Decree issued by the Italian 
Treasury. With a view to limiting the impact of the application of the Usury Law to Italian loans executed 
prior to the entering into force of the Usury Law, Italian Law No . 24 o f 28 February 2001 (the “Law 
24/2001”) provides (by means of interpreting the provisions of the Usury Law) that an interest rate is 
usurious if it is higher than the relevant limit in force at the time at which such interest rate is promised o r 
agreed, regardless of the time at which interest is repaid by the borrower. A few commentators and debatable 
lower court decisions have held that, irrespective of the principle set out in Law 24/2001, if interest originally 
agreed at a rate falling below the then applicable usury limit (and thus, not usurious) were, at a later date, to 
exceed the usury limit from time to time in force, such interest should nonetheless be reduced to the then 
applicable usury limit. The Italian Supreme Court in joint sections (Corte di Cassazione a Sezioni Unite), 
under decision No. 24675 of 19 October 2017, rejected such interpreation and it c larified that o nly the 
moment of execution of the agreement is relevant to verify if the interest rate is usurious in the mortgage 
loans with fixed interest rate. In the last years, a number of objection have been raised on the basis o f the 
excess of the usury limit from the sum of the default interest and the compensatory rate, based o n the 
errouneous interpretation under decision of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) no. 350 of 2013 
that the default interest is relevant for the purposes of determining if an interest rate is usurious. Such 
interpretation has been constantly rejected by the Italian Courts. Other objections raised in the last years are 
based on the violation of the Usury Law by, for example, the sole default interest exceeding the usury limit or 
making reference to additional components (such as penalties and insurance policies). In this respect, the 
Italian Courts have not reached an unanimous position. Indeed, the Italian Supreme Co urt joint sections 
(Corte di Cassazione Sezioni Unite) with decision n. 19597 dated 18 September 2020 stated that, in order to 
assess whether a loan complies with the Usury Law, also default interest rates shall be included in the 
calculation of the remuneration to be compared with the Usury Rates. In this respect, should that 
remuneration be higher than the Usury Rates, only the ‘type’ of rate which determined the breach shall be 
deemed as null and void. As a consequence, the entire amount referable to the rate which determined the 
breach of said threshold shall be deemed as unenforceable according to the last interpretation of the 
Supreme Court.  
Compounding of interest 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of a monetary c laim or receivable, accrued 
interest may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months or from the date when any legal 
proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian Civil 
Code allows derogation from this provision in the event that there are recognised customary practices to  the 
contrary. Banks and other financial institutions in the Republic of Italy have traditionally capitalised accrued

--- Page 157 ---
157
interest on a quarterly basis on the grounds that such practice could be characterised as a customary practice. 
In 1999, the Italian Court of Cassation reversed its stance and found the quarterly capitalisation o f interest 
payable on current accounts to be unlawful. Following this decision, a series o f disputes emerged o n the 
subject of the capitalisation of interest for contracts executed prior to that date, whereas the problem was 
partly resolved for contracts executed after the amendment of Art. 120 of the Banking Act introduced in the 
interim by Legislative Decree No. 342/1999, which made it legal to capitalise interest payable and receivable, 
provided that both occur with the same frequency.  
Article 17 bis of law decree 18 of 14 February 2016 as converted into Law No. 49 of 8 A pril 2016 amended 
article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Act, providing that the accrued interest shall not produce further 
interest, except for default interest, and is calculated exclusively on the principal amount. Paragraph 2 of 
article 120 of the Banking Act also requires the Comitato Interministeriale per il Credito e il Risparmio 
(“CICR”) to establish the methods and criteria for the compounding of interest. Decree No. 343 of 3 August 
2016 of the CICR, implementing paragraph 2 of Article 120 of the Banking Act, has been published in the 
Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy No. 212 of 10 September 2016. 
Mortgage borrower protection 
Certain legislations enacted in Italy, have given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors and/or 
reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia:  
- 
the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage loan, without incurring a penalty or, in 
respect of mortgage loan agreements entered into before 2 February 2007, at a reduced penalty rate 
(article 120-ter of the Consolidated Banking Act, introduced by Legislative Decree No. 141 o f 13 August 
2010 as amended by Legislative Decree No. 218 of 14 December 2010);  
- 
the right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan and/or the right 
to request subrogation by an assignee bank into the rights of their creditors in accordance with article 
1202 (surrogazione per volontà del debitore) of the Italian Civil Code, by eliminating the limits and costs 
previously borne by the borrowers for the exercise of such right (article 120-quater of the Co nsolidated 
Banking Act, introduced by Legislative Decree No. 141 of 13 August 2010 as amended by Legislative 
Decree No. 218 of 14 December 2010);  
- 
the right of first home-owners to suspend instalment payments under mortgage loans up to a maximum 
of two times and for a maximum aggregate period o f 1 8 months (the “Suspension”) (originally 
introduced by Italian Law No. 244 of 24 December 2007, the “2008 Budget Law”);  
- 
the right to (i) suspend payments (principal instalments only) for a period of up to 12 months; or (ii) to 
extend the duration up to 100% of the residual term of the loan, in each c ase subject to the possible 
increase of the rate of interest and request of additional security interests or guarantees by the lender 
(“Accordo per il Credito 2019” entered into between ABI and the major associations representing the 
Italian SMEs on 15 November 2018);  
- 
large-scale moratoria for the purposes of supporting micro-enterprises and small medium-sized 
enterprises, which grant (i) the freezing of the lenders’ right to revoke c redit facilities; and (ii) the 
suspension by operation of law of financings repaid by way of instalments, in each c ase until 31 
December 2021. It should be noted that the amortisation plan relating to the suspended instalments 
(together with any accessory rights relating thereto) is consistently extended without further formalities 
in a manner which ensures that no higher charges are borne by the lender or the borrower;  
- 
the right to suspend principal instalment payments under mortgage loans or other loans subject to an 
amortisation plan by way of instalments for a maximum aggregate period of 12 months, granted in favour

--- Page 158 ---
158
of certain categories of borrowers that cannot benefit from the Suspension, upon occurrence of specific 
events (e.g. termination of employment relationships, borrower's death or recognition o f disability or 
civil invalidity, suspension from work or reduction of working hours for a period of at least 30 days even 
where the issuance of measures of income support is pending) (ABI convention of 21 April 2020, entered 
into between ABI and the major associations representing consumers).  
Mortgage Credit Directive 
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and o f the Co uncil of 4 February 2014 o n c redit 
agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending Directives 2008/48/EC 
and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the “Mortgage Credit Directive”) sets o ut a 
common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member 
States concerning agreements covering credit for consumers secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to 
residential immovable property. The Mortgage Credit Directive provides for, amongst other things: 
• 
standard information in advertising, and standard pre-contractual information; 
• 
adequate explanations to the borrower on the proposed credit agreement and any ancillary service; 
• 
calculation of the annual percentage rate of charge in accordance with a prescribed formula; 
• 
assessment of creditworthiness of the borrower; 
• 
a right of the borrower to make early repayment of the credit agreement; and 
• 
prudential and supervisory requirements for credit intermediaries and non-bank lenders. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive came into effect on 20 March 2014. 
On 1 June 2015, in accordance with Article 18, Article 20(1) and Article 28 of the Mortgage Credit Directive, 
the EBA published its final Guidelines on creditworthiness assessment, as well as its final Guidelines on 
arrears and foreclosure, that support the national implementation by Member States of the Mortgage Credit 
Directive. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive has been implemented in Italy by way of Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 
2016 (the “Legislative Decree 72”). The Legislative Decree 72 introduced into the Banking Act, under Title 
VI, a new Chapter 1-bis in relation to consumer mortgage credit, including, inter alia, a new Article 1 20 
quinquiesdecies, pursuant to which a consumer and an entity authorised to grant lo ans in a professional 
manner in the Republic of Italy who are parties to a mortgage credit agreement may expressly agree, subject 
to the provisions of Article 2744 of the Italian Civil Code, that, in case of non-payment of eighteen monthly 
instalments by the relevant debtor, the property of the debtor subject to security or the proceeds deriving 
from the sale thereof can be transferred to the creditor in discharge of all the outstanding obligations o f the 
debtor vis-à-vis the creditor (even if the value of such property or the amount of such proceeds is lower than 
the residual debt). In the event that the value of the property of the debtor subject to security o r amount of 
the proceeds deriving from the sale thereof is higher than the residual debt, the debtor will be entitled to 
receive the excess amount. The value of the property shall be determined by an independent expert chosen by 
the parties, or, if an agreement on the appointment of the expert is not reached between them, by the 
president of the competent court (Presidente del Tribunale competente). 
The provisions introduced by the Legislative Decree 72 allow the automatic transfer of the property subject to 
security from the debtor to the relevant creditor in discharge of all the relevant outstanding obligations. 
On 29 September 2016, the Ministry of Economy and Finance - Chairman of CICR issued decree no. 380 (the

--- Page 159 ---
159 
“Decree 380”) which implemented Chapter 1-bis of Title VI of the Banking Act, with the view to creating a 
transparent and efficient market for consumer mortgage credit and providing an adequate level of protection 
to consumers. Further to Decree 380, on 30 September 2016 the Bank of Italy has published an amended 
version of its regulations on transparency of banking and financial operations (Trasparenza delle operazioni 
e dei servizi bancari e finanziari. Correttezza delle relazioni tra intermediari e clienti). 
Patto Marciano 
On 4 May 2016, Law Decree 3 May 2016, no. 59 (the “Decree 59”) came into force introducing, inter alia, a 
new article 48-bis into the Banking Act (the “Article 48-bis”). The Decree 59 has been converted into Law 
No. 119 of 30 June 2016, as published in the Offical Gazette of the Republic of Italy No. 153 of 2 July 2016.  
Pursuant to Article 48-bis, a loan agreement entered into between an entrepreneur and a bank, o r another 
entity authorised to grant loans to the public pursuant to article 106 of the Banking Act, may be secured by 
transferring to the creditor (or to a company of the creditor’s group authorised to purchase, hold, manage 
and transfer rights in rem in immovable property), the ownership of a property o r o f another immovable 
right of the entrepreneur or of a third party (which is not the main home of the owner, of the spouse or of his 
relatives and in-laws up to the third degree). Such transfer is subject to the condition precedent of the debtor 
defaulting (so-called “Patto Marciano”, hereafter the Covenant).  
The Covenant may be stipulated on entering into the loan agreement or, in respect o f loan agreements in 
existence on the date of entry into force of Article 48-bis, under a no tarial deed made in the context of 
subsequent amendments. If the loan is already secured by a mortgage, the transfer subject to the condition 
precedent of the default, once registered, prevails over annotations and registrations c arried o ut after the 
mortgage entry.  
The default occurs: (i) in case of repayment in monthly instalments, when the failure to pay c ontinues fo r 
more than nine months after the expiry of at least three instalments, even if not consecutive, and (ii) in c ase 
of repayment in a single instalment or with instalments in periods of more than one month (e.g. quarterly or 
semi-annual instalments), once nine months have elapsed after the expiry of an unpaid instalment, provided 
that the aforesaid nine-month periods shall be extended to twelve months if the debtor has repaid at least 85 
per cent. of the loan.  
In the event of default, the creditor is entitled to avail itself of the effects of the Covenant provided that any 
difference between the valuation of the right - as assessed by an expert appointed by the court upon request 
of the creditor - and the total amount of outstanding debt and transfer costs is paid back to the debtor.  
Use may be made of the transfer pursuant to article 2 of the Decree 59 even in cases where the right in rem in 
immovable property covered by the Covenant is subject to forced sale due to expropriation. In this case, the 
assessment of the debtor’s default is carried out - at the creditor’s request - by the enforcement court, and the 
valuation is made by the expert appointed by such court. The transfer to the creditor is subject - in 
accordance with the procedures established by the enforcement court - to  the payment of enforcement 
charges and of any prior creditors or of any difference between the valuation of the asset and the amount o f 
the unsettled debt. The same procedure applies, insofar as it is compatible, also in cases where the right in 
rem in immovable property is subject to enforcement in accordance with Presidential Decree D.P.R. no. 
602/1973 or if, after the Covenant is registered, the debtor goes bankrupt.  
The provisions introduced by the Decree 59 allow the automatic application o f the Covenant upon the 
occurrence of a default (as described above) of the debtor. 
T axation 
Article 7-bis , sub-paragraph 7, provides that any tax is due as if the granting of the subordinated lo an and

--- Page 160 ---
160
the transfer of the cover pool had not occurred and as if the assets constituting the cover pool were registered 
as on-balance sheet assets of the cover pool assignor bank, provided that: 
(i) 
the purchase price paid for the transfer of the cover pool is equal to the most recent book value of the 
assets constituting the cover pool; and 
(ii) 
the subordinated loan is granted or guaranteed by the same bank acting as cover pool assignor bank. 
The provision described above would imply, as a main consequence, that banks issuing covered bonds will be 
entitled to include the receivables transferred to the cover pool as on-balance receivables for the purpose o f 
tax deductions applicable to reserves for the depreciation on receivables in accordance with A rticle 106 o f 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
T AXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
The statements herein regarding taxation summarise the principal Italian tax consequences o f the 
purchase, the ownership, the redemption and the disposal of the Covered Bonds.  
This is a general summary that does not apply to certain categories of investors and does not purport to be 
a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, 
own or dispose of the Covered Bonds. It does not discuss every aspect o f Italian taxation that may be 
relevant to a Bondholder if such Bondholder is subject to special circumstances or if such Bo ndholder is 
subject to special treatment under applicable law. 
This summary also assumes each of the Issuer and the Guarantor is resident in the Republic of Italy for tax 
purposes, is structured and conducts its business in the manner outlined in this Base Prospectus. Changes 
in the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantor’s organisational structure, tax residence or the manner in which each 
of them conducts its business may invalidate this summary. This summary also assumes that each 
transaction with respect to the Covered Bonds is at arm’s length. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning to 
be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Italian 
concepts under Italian tax law. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in the Republic of Italy as o f the 
date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, w hich 
changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The Issuer will not update this summary to reflect changes in 
laws and if such a change occurs the information in this summary could become invalid. 
Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the 
overall tax consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident 
for tax purposes and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing o f 
the Covered Bonds and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Covered 
Bonds, including in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
1. 
INTEREST ON THE COVERED BONDS 
Covered Bonds qualifying as bonds or securities similar to bonds  
Decree No. 239 regulates the income tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including any 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price, hereinafter c ollectively referred to as 
“Interest”) from notes issued, inter alia, by Italian banks, falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) 
or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni). 
For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to 
pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value and that do not allow any direct or indirect 
participation either in the management of the issuer or in the business in connection with which they have 
been issued, nor any control on such management.  
Italian resident Bondholders 
Where an Italian resident Bondholder is (i) an individual not engaged in a business activity to which the 
Covered Bonds are effectively connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private 
or public institution or trust, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, Interest 
payments relating to the Covered Bonds are subject to a substitutive tax, referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, 
levied at the rate of 26% (either when the Interest is paid by the Issuer, or when payment thereof is obtained

--- Page 162 ---
162
by the Bondholder on a sale of the relevant Covered Bonds). The imposta sostitutiva may not be recovered by 
the Bondholder as a deduction from the income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509/1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103/1996 may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income relating to the Covered 
Bonds if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis, paragraphs 2 or 2-bis, of Law Decree 
124/2019 and, as applicable, by Article 1 (100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the “Finance A ct 
2017”), as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
If the Covered Bonds are held by investors, described under (i) to (iii) above, in the c ontext o f a business 
activity and are effectively connected with the same business activity, the Interest is subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva and is included in the relevant income tax return. As a consequence, the Interest is subject to the 
ordinary income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due.  
Pursuant to the Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is levied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(“SIMs”), società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), fiduciary companies, stock exchange agents and other 
entities identified by the relevant Decrees of the Ministry of Finance (the “Intermediaries”). 
An Intermediary must satisfy the following conditions: 
(i) 
it must be: (a) resident in Italy; or (b) a permanent establishment in Italy of an intermediary resident 
outside of Italy; or (c) an organisation or company non-resident in Italy, acting through a system o f 
centralized administration of securities and directly connected with the Department o f Revenue o f 
the Ministry of Finance (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) having appointed 
an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239; and  
(ii) 
intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the transfer of the Covered Bo nds. Fo r the 
purpose of the application of imposta sostitutiva, a transfer o f the Covered Bo nds includes any 
assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a c hange of the 
ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, imposta sostitutiva is applicable and 
withheld by any Italian bank or any Italian intermediary paying Interest to a Bondholder. 
The imposta sostitutiva regime described herein does not apply in cases where the Covered Bonds are held in 
a discretionary investment portfolio managed by an authorized intermediary pursuant to the so-called 
discretionary investment portfolio regime (“Risparmio Gestito” regime as defined and described under 
paragraph 2, “Capital Gains”, below). In such a case, Interest is not subject to imposta sostitutiva but 
contributes to determine the annual net accrued result o f the portfolio, which is subject to an ad-hoc 
substitutive tax of 26%.  
The imposta sostitutiva also does not apply to the following subjects, to the extent that the Covered Bo nds 
and the relevant coupons are deposited in a timely manner, directly or indirectly, with an Intermediary: 
(i) 
Corporate investors - Where an Italian resident Bondholder is a corporation or a similar commercial 
entity (including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Covered Bo nds 
are effectively connected), Interest accrued on the Covered Bo nds must be included in: (I) the 
relevant Bondholder’s yearly taxable income for the purposes of corporate income tax (“IRES”), 
applying at the current ordinary rate of 24%; and (II) in certain circumstances, depending on the 
status of the Bondholder, also in its net value of production fo r the purposes of regional tax o n

--- Page 163 ---
163 
productive activities (“IRAP”), generally applying at the rate of 3.9% (increased rates apply to 
certain categories of taxpayers, including banks, financial institutions and insurance c ompanies). 
IRAP rate can be increased by regional laws up to 0.92%. Said Interest is therefore subject to general 
Italian corporate taxation according to the ordinary rules; 
(ii) 
Investment funds - Italian investment funds (which includes Fondo Comune d’Investimento, SICAV 
or SICAF, other than a Real Estate SICAF, to which the provisions o f Article 9 (2) o f Legislative 
Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 apply), as well as Luxembourg investment funds regulated by article 
11-bis of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 (collectively, the “Funds”) are subject neither to 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Funds. Proceeds paid by the 
Funds to their quotaholders are generally subject to a 26% withholding tax. 
(iii) 
Pension funds - Pension funds (subject to the tax regime set forth by Article 17 of Legislative Decree 
No. 252 of 5 December 2005, the “Pension Funds”) are subject to a 20% substitutive tax on their 
annual net accrued result. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period 
requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Covered Bonds  may be excluded from the 
taxable base of the 20% substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in in 
Article 13-bis, paragraphs 2 or 2-bis, of Law Decree 124/2019 and, as applicable, by A rticle 1 (100-
114) of Finance Act 2017, as amended and supplemented from time to time. Interest on the Covered 
Bonds is included in the calculation of such annual net accrued result; and 
(iv) 
Real estate investment funds – Interest payments in respect of the Covered Bonds made to Italian 
resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of the Financial Services Act 
and to real estate SICAF (the ‘‘Real Estate Investment Funds’’) are generally subject neither to 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the same Real Estate Investment 
Funds. Unitholders are generally subject to a 26% withholding tax on distributions from the Real 
Estate Funds. A direct imputation system (tax transparency) applies to c ertain non-qualifying 
unitholders (e.g. Italian resident individuals) holding more than 5% of the units of the Real Estate 
Investment Fund. 
Non-Italian resident Bondholders 
An exemption from imposta sostitutiva on Interest on the Covered Bonds is provided with respect to certain 
beneficial owners resident outside of Italy, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Covered Bonds are effectively connected. In particular, pursuant to the Decree No. 239 the aforesaid 
exemption applies to any beneficial owner of an Interest payment relating to the Covered Bonds who: (i) is 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange o f information with the 
Republic of Italy (as currently listed by Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by Ministerial 
Decree of 23 April 2017 and possibly further amended by future decrees issued pursuant to Article 11 (4) (c ) 
of Decree No. 239- a “White List Country”); or (ii) is an international body or entity set up in accordance 
with international agreements which have entered into force in the Republic of Italy; or (iii) is the Central 
Bank or an entity also authorised to manage the official reserves of a c ountry; o r (iv) is an institutional 
investor which is established in a White List Country, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer in its 
own country of establishment (each, a “Qualified Bondholder”).  
The exemption procedure for Bondholders who are non-resident in Italy and are resident in a White List 
Country identifies two categories of intermediaries: 
(i) 
an Italian or foreign bank or financial institution (there is no requirement for the bank o r financial 
institution to be EU resident) (the “First Level Bank”), acting as intermediary in the deposit of the 
Covered Bonds held, directly or indirectly, by the Bondholder with a Second Level Bank (as defined

--- Page 164 ---
164
below); and 
(ii) 
an Italian resident bank or SIM, or a permanent establishment in Italy o f a no n-resident bank o r 
SIM, acting as depositary or sub-depositary of the Covered Bo nds appointed to maintain direct 
relationships, via electronic link, with the Italian tax authorities (the “Second L evel Bank”). 
Organisations and companies non-resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralized 
administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Ministry 
of Finance (which include Euroclear and Clearstream) are treated as Second Level Banks, provided 
that they appoint an Italian representative (an Italian resident bank or SIM, or permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM, or a central depositary of financial instruments 
pursuant to Article 80 of the Financial Services Act) for the purposes of the application of Decree No. 
239. 
In the event that a non-Italian resident Bondholder deposits the Covered Bonds directly with a Second Level 
Bank, the latter shall be treated both as a First Level Bank and a Second Level Bank. 
The exemption from the imposta sostitutiva for the Bondholders who are non-resident in Italy is conditional 
upon: 
(a) 
the deposit of the Covered Bonds, either directly or indirectly, with an institution which qualifies as a 
Second Level Bank; and 
(b) 
the submission to the First Level Bank or the Second Level Bank o f a statement o f the relevant 
Bondholder (autocertificazione), to be provided only once, in which it declares that it is eligible to 
benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement must comply with the 
requirements set forth by a Ministerial Decree of 12 December, 2001, is valid until withdrawn o r 
revoked and needs not to be submitted where a certificate, declaration or other similar document fo r 
the same or equivalent purposes was previously submitted to the same depository. The above 
statement is not required for non-Italian resident investors that are international bodies o r entities 
set up in accordance with international agreements entered into force in the Republic of Italy o r 
Central Banks or entities also authorized to manage the official reserves of a State. 
In the case of non-Italian resident Bondholders not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Covered Bonds are effectively connected, the imposta sostitutiva may be reduced (generally to 10%) o r 
eliminated under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more favourable, subject to timely 
filing of the required documentation provided by Measure of the Director of the Italian Revenue Agency No. 
2013/84404 of July 10, 2013. 
Covered Bonds qualifying as atypical securities (titoli atipici) 
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that are not deemed to fall within the c ategory of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are subject to a withholding 
tax, levied at the rate of 26%. 
Where the Bondholder is (i) a non-Italian resident person, (ii) an Italian resident individual not holding the 
Covered Bonds for the purpose of carrying out a business activity, (iii) an Italian resident non-commercial 
partnership, (iv) an Italian resident non-commercial private or public institution, (v) a Fund, (vi) a Real 
Estate Investment Fund, (vii) a Pension Fund, (viii) an Italian resident investor exempt from Italian 
corporate income taxation, such withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509/1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103/1996 may be exempt from any income

--- Page 165 ---
165 
taxation, including withholding taxes, on proceeds and other income relating to atypical securities if such 
financial instruments are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis, paragraphs 2 or 2-bis, of Law Decree 124/2019 and, as 
applicable, by Article 1 (100-114) of Finance Act, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
Where the Bondholder is (i) an Italian resident individual carrying o ut a business activity to which the 
Covered Bonds are effectively connected, (ii) commercial partnership, (iii) an Italian resident corporation o r 
a similar Italian commercial entity (including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which 
the Covered Bonds are effectively connected), (iv) an Italian resident c ommercial private o r public 
institution, such withholding tax is an advance withholding tax.  
In case of non-Italian resident Bondholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Covered Bonds are effectively connected, the above-mentioned withholding tax rate may be reduced 
(generally to 10%) or eliminated under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, if mo re 
favourable, subject to timely filing of the required documentation. 
Payments by the Guarantor 
There is neither case law nor general published guidelines rendered by the Italian tax authorities directly 
regarding the tax regime of payments in respect of bonds made by an Italian resident guarantor.  
In accordance with a certain interpretation of Italian law, any Interest payment made by an Italian resident 
Guarantor should be treated as a payment by the guaranteed Issuer and, accordingly, should be subject to the 
tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section.  
According to a different interpretation such payments made to Italian resident Bondholders may be subject 
to Italian withholding tax at the rate of 26% levied as a final tax (a titolo d’imposta) or as an advance tax (a 
titolo di acconto) depending on the residential “status” of the Bondholder, pursuant to Article 26, paragraph 
5, of Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973. 
In case of payments to non-Italian resident Bondholders (not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected), the withholding tax should be final. Tax treaties entered 
into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or in certain cases, nil) withholding tax rate applicable on 
Interest payments in respect of the Covered Bonds made to non-Italian residents, subject to timely filing o f 
the required documentation. 
CAPITAL GAINS 
Italian resident Bondholders 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November, 1997, as amended, a 26% c apital gains tax (the 
‘‘CGT’’) is applicable to capital gains realized on any sale or transfer of the Covered Bonds for consideration 
by Italian resident individuals (not engaged in a business activity to which the Covered Bonds are effectively 
connected), regardless of whether the Covered Bonds are held outside of Italy.  
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any Interest on the Covered Bo nds accrued and 
unpaid up to the time of the purchase and the sale of the Covered Bonds must be deducted from the purchase 
price and the sale price, respectively. 
With regard to the CGT application, taxpayers may opt for one of the three following regimes: 
(a) 
Tax return regime (“Regime della Dichiarazione”) - The Bondholder must assess the overall

--- Page 166 ---
166
capital gains realized in a certain fiscal year, net of any incurred capital losses, in his annual income 
tax return and pay the CGT so assessed together with the income tax due fo r the same fiscal year. 
Losses exceeding gains can be carried forward into following fiscal years up to the fo urth following 
fiscal year. Since this regime constitutes the ordinary regime, the taxpayer must apply it to the extent 
that the same does not opt for any of the two other regimes;  
(b) 
Non-discretionary investment portfolio regime (“Risparmio Amministrato”) - The Bo ndholder 
may elect to pay the CGT separately on capital gains realized on each sale or transfer o f the Covered 
Bonds. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Covered Bonds being 
deposited with banks, SIMs or other authorized intermediaries and (ii) an express election fo r the 
Risparmio Amministrato regime being made in writing by the relevant Bondholder. The Risparmio 
Amministrato lasts for the entire fiscal year and unless revoked prior to the end of such year will be 
deemed valid also for the subsequent one. The intermediary is responsible for accounting for the CGT 
in respect of capital gains realized on each sale or transfer of the Covered Bonds, as well as in respect 
of capital gains realized at the revocation of its mandate. The intermediary is required to pay the 
relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities, by deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds 
to be credited to the Bondholder. Where a particular sale or transfer of the Covered Bonds results in a 
net loss, the intermediary is entitled to deduct such loss from gains subsequently realized o n assets 
held by the Bondholder with the same intermediary and within the same deposit relationship, in the 
same fiscal year or in the following fiscal years up to the fourth following fiscal year. The Bondholder is 
not required to declare the gains in his annual income tax return; and 
(c) 
Discretionary investment portfolio regime (“Risparmio Gestito”) - If the Covered Bonds are part of 
a portfolio managed by an Italian asset management company, capital gains are not subject to the 
CGT, but contribute to determine the annual net accrued result o f the portfolio. Such annual net 
accrued result of the portfolio, even if not realized, is subject to an ad-hoc 26%. substitutive tax, which 
the asset management company is required to levy on behalf of the Bo ndholder. Any losses o f the 
investment portfolio accrued at year end may be carried forward against net profits accrued in each o f 
the following fiscal years, up to the fourth following fiscal year. Under such regime the Bondholder is 
not required to declare the gains in his annual income tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509/1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103/1996 may be exempt from any CGT realized 
on Covered Bonds if such financial instruments are included in a lo ng-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis, paragraphs 2 or 2-bis, o f 
Law Decree 124/2019 and, as applicable, by Article 1  (100-114) o f Finance Act 2017, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
The CGT regime does not apply to the following subjects: 
(A) 
Corporate investors - Capital gains realized on the Covered Bo nds by Italian resident c orporate 
entities (including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Covered Bo nds 
are effectively connected) form part of their aggregate income subject to IRES. In certain cases, capital 
gains may also be included in the taxable net value of production of such entities for IRAP purposes. 
The capital gains are calculated as the difference between the sale price and the relevant tax basis o f 
the Covered Bonds. Upon fulfillment of certain conditions, the gains may be taxed in equal 
installments over up to five fiscal years for IRES purposes. 
(B) 
Funds - Capital gains realized by the Funds on the Covered Bonds are subject neither to CGT nor to 
any other income tax in the hands of the Funds (see under paragraph “Italian Resident Bondholders”,

--- Page 167 ---
167 
above). 
(C) 
Pension Funds - Capital gains realized by Pension Funds on the Covered Bonds contribute to 
determine their annual net accrued result, which is subject to an 20% substitutive tax (see under 
paragraph “Italian Resident Bondholders”, above). Subject to certain conditions (including minimum 
holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains realised upon sale o r redemption o f the 
Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20% substitute tax if the Covered Bo nds 
are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis, paragraphs 2 or 2-bis, of Law Decree 124/2019 and, 
as applicable, by Article 1  (100-114) o f the Finance Act 2017, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
(D) 
Real Estate Investment Funds - Capital gains realized by Real Estate Investment Funds o n the 
Covered Bonds are not taxable at the level of same Real Estate Investment Funds (see under paragraph 
“Italian Resident Bondholders”, above). 
Non Italian resident Bondholders 
Capital gains realized by non-resident Bondholders (not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Covered Bonds are effectively connected) on the disposal of the Covered Bonds are not subject to tax in 
Italy, regardless of whether the Covered Bonds are held in Italy, subject to the condition that the Covered 
Bonds are listed in a regulated market in Italy or abroad (e.g. Luxembourg Stock Exchange). 
Should the Covered Bonds not be listed in a regulated market as indicated above, the aforesaid capital gains 
would be subject to tax in Italy, if the Covered Bonds are held by the non-resident Bo ndholder therein. 
Pursuant to Article 5 of Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November, 1997, an exemption, however, would 
apply with respect to beneficial owners of the Covered Bonds, which are Qualified Bondholders.  
In any event, non-Italian resident Bondholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Covered Bonds are effectively connected that may benefit from a tax treaty with Italy, providing that capital 
gains realized upon sale or transfer of Covered Bonds are taxed only in the country of tax residence o f the 
recipient, will not be subject to tax in Italy on any capital gains realized upon any such sale or transfer. 
T RANSFER TAXES 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds 
and notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) executed in Italy should be subject to fixed 
registration tax (Euro 200); (ii) private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) should be subject to fixed 
registration tax only in certain circumstances, including the "case of use" or voluntary registration or o n the 
occurrence of the “enunciazione”. 
INHERITANCE AND GIFT TAX 
Inheritance and gift taxes apply on the overall net value of the relevant transferred assets, at the following 
rates, depending on the relationship between the testate (or donor) and the beneficiary (or donee):  
(a) 
4%, if the beneficiary (or donee) is the spouse or a direct ascendant or descendant (such rate only 
applying on the net asset value exceeding, for each person, Euro 1 million);  
(b) 
6%, if the beneficiary (or donee) is a brother or sister (such rate only applying on the net asset v alue 
exceeding, for each person, Euro 100,000); 
(c) 
6%, if the beneficiary (or donee) is a relative within the fourth degree or a direct relative-in-law as well

--- Page 168 ---
168
an indirect relative-in-law within the third degree;  
(d) 
8%, if the beneficiary is a person, other those mentioned other (a), (b) and (c), above.  
In case the beneficiary has a serious disability recognized by law, inheritance and gift taxes apply on its 
portion of the net asset value exceeding Euro 1.5 million. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a lo ng-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) – that meets the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis, paragraphs 2 o r 2-bis, 
of Law Decree 124/2019 and, as applicable, by Article 1 (100-114) of Finance Act 2017, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented from time to time, is exempt from inheritance tax. 
ST AMP DUTY 
Pursuant to Article 13, paragraph 2 ter of Part I attached to Italian Presidential Decree No. 642 of Oc tober 
26, 1972, as amended from time to time, a proportional stamp duty applies o n an annual basis to any 
periodic reporting communications which may be sent by a financial intermediary to a Bondholder in respect 
of any Covered Bond which may be deposited with such financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a 
rate of 0.20%; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value figure is 
available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the Covered Bonds held.  The stamp duty c annot 
exceed, for taxpayers different from individuals (e.g., for corporate entities and other bodies), Euro 14,000. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 
24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by 
the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance 
activity within the Italian territory.  
Moreover, the proportional stamp duty does not apply to communications sent to Pension Funds. 
Periodical communications to clients are presumed to be sent at least o nce a year, even though the 
intermediary is not required to send any such communication. In this case, the stamp duty is to be applied on 
31 December of each year or in any case at the end of the relationship with the client.  
WEALTH TAX ON SECURITIES DEPOSITED ABROAD  
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Law Decree of 22 December 2011 n. 201, Italian resident individuals, non-profit 
entities and certain partnerships holding the Covered Bonds outside the Italian territory are required to pay a 
wealth tax at a rate of 0.20%. Such tax is due only in cases where the stamp duty described in the previous 
paragraph (Stamp Duty) is not due.  
Pursuant to the provision of Article 134 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, the wealth tax cannot exceed 
Euro 14,000 per year for taxpayers different from individuals This tax is calculated on the market value of the 
Covered Bonds at the end of the relevant year or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value 
or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the Italian territory.  Taxpayers are entitled to 
an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are 
held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Financial assets (including the Covered Bonds) held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if 
they are managed by Italian resident intermediaries. In this case, the stamp duty described in the previous 
paragraph (Stamp duty) does apply. 
T AX MONITORING 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June, 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August, 1990, as amended

--- Page 169 ---
169
(“Decree No. 167”), individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships resident in Italy who, during 
the fiscal year, have held investments abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in certain 
circumstances, disclose the aforesaid and related transactions to the Italian tax authorities in their income 
tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same 
time as prescribed for the income tax return). Such obligation is not provided inter alia, in case the financial 
assets are given in administration or management to Italian banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies o r o ther 
professional intermediaries, indicated in Article 1 of Decree No. 1 67, or if o ne o f such intermediaries 
intervenes, also as a counterpart, in their transfer, provided that income deriving from such financial assets 
is collected through the intervention of such an intermediary. 
U.S. FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as “FATCA”, a 
“foreign financial institution” (“FFI” as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  The issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.   
A number of jurisdictions (including the Republic of Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a FFI in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Covered 
Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Covered Bonds, such withholding would potentially apply to payments in respect of any 
Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterized as equity and have a fix ed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued after the grandfathering date, which is the date that is 
six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
filed with the U.S. Federal Register or which are materially modified after the grandfathering date.  
Bondholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment 
in Covered Bonds.   
In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA with respect to payments on the Covered 
Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
EUROPEAN DIRECTIVE ON ADMINISTRATIVE COOPERATION 
Legislative Decree No. 29 of 4 March 2014, as supplemented from time to time, has implemented the EU 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU (as amended by 2014/107/UE, 2015/2376/UE, 2016/881/UE; 2016/2258/UE 
and 2018/822/UE), on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation (the “DAC”).  
The main purpose of the DAC is to extend the automatic exchange of information mechanism between 
Member State, in order to fight against cross border tax fraud and tax evasion. The new regime under DAC is 
in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation fo r Economic Co -operation and 
Development in July 2014.  
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on the tax consequences deriving from the application 
of the Directive on Administrative Cooperation. 
The Directive on Administrative Cooperation (2014/107/EU) of December 9, 2014 (“DAC 2”) implemented

--- Page 170 ---
170 
the exchange of information based on the Common reporting Standard (“CRS”) within the EU. Under CRS, 
participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial institutions, and automatically exchange with 
exchange partners on an annual basis, financial information with respect to all reportable accounts identified 
by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence, and reporting procedures. The Italian 
government implemented the above-mentioned Council Directive 2014/107/EU in the Ministerial Decree 
issued by the Ministry of Finance on 28 December 2015, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Following the Ministerial Decree quoted, the Italian tax authorities may communicate to other EU Member 
States information about interest and other categories of financial income of Italian source, including income 
from the Covered Bonds. Furthermore, the Italian Government implemented the later changes to the Council 
Directive 2011/16/EU, including the changes introduced by the Council Directive 2376/2015/EU o n the 
mandatory automatic exchange of information on advance c ross-border rulings and advance pricing 
arrangements, through the issue of the Legislative Dec ree 15 March 2017, no . 32, and by the Co uncil 
Directive 2016/2258/EU as regards access to anti-money-laundering information by tax authorities, through 
the issue of the Legislative Decree 18 May 2018, no. 60. 
The EU Council Directive 2018/822/EU of 25 May 2018 (“DAC 6”) implemented the mandatory automatic 
exchange of information in the field of taxation in relation to reportable cross-border arrangements. Under 
DAC 6 intermediaries which meet certain criteria and taxpayers are required to disclose to the relevant Tax 
Authorities certain cross-border arrangements, which contain one or more of a prescribed list of hallmarks, 
performed from 25 June 2018 onwards.  
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on the tax consequences deriving from the application 
of the Directive on Administrative Cooperation.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
T AXATION IN LUXEMBOURG 
The following is a general description of certain Luxembourg tax considerations relating to the Covered Bonds. It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Covered Bonds, whether in 
Luxembourg or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds should consult their own tax advisers as 
to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Covered Bonds and 
receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Covered Bonds and the consequences 
of such actions under the tax laws of Luxembourg. This overview is based upon the law as in effect on the date of 
this Base Prospectus. The information contained within this section is limited to withholding tax issues, and 
prospective investors should not apply any information set out below to other areas, including (but not limited 
to) the legality of transactions involving the Covered Bonds.  
Withholding Tax 
All payments of interest and principal by the Issuer in the context of t h e h olding, disposa l, r edemption  or  
repurchase of the Covered Bonds can be made free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any political subdiv ision 
or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance with the applicable Luxembourg law, subject h owev er, with 
respect to Luxembourg resident individual investors, to the application of the Luxembourg law of 2 3 December 
2005, as amended, pursuant to which: 
(i) a 20% withholding tax (which is final when Luxembourg resident individuals are acting in t he con text of t h e 
management of their private wealth) can be levied on certain interest income paid or  a scribed by  Lu xembourg 
resident paying agents to Luxembourg resident individuals, in cluding  accrued in terest r eceived u pon  sa le, 
redemption or repurchase of the Covered Bonds (i.e. with certain exemptions). Responsibility for the withholding 
of tax in application of the above-mentioned Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, is a ssumed by  
the Luxembourg resident paying agent within the meaning of such law and not by the Issuer; and 
(ii) Luxembourg resident individuals acting in the context of the management of their private w ealth can opt  t o 
self-declare and pay a final 20% tax on certain interest income paid or ascribed by  paying a gents located in a  
Member State of the European Union (other than Luxembourg) or in a Member State of the European Econ omic 
Area. In such case, the 20% tax is calculated on the same amounts as for payments made by Luxembourg resident 
pay ing agents and the option for the 20% tax must cover all interest payments made by the paying a gents w ithin 
the entire fiscal year. 
Other Taxes 
Neither the issuance nor the transfer of Cov ered Bonds will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp duty, issuance t ax, 
registration tax or similar documentary taxes or duties, provided that the relevant issue or transfer a greement  is 
not registered in Luxembourg. A fixed or ad valorem registration duty in Luxembourg may, h owev er, a pply (i) 
upon v oluntary registration (présentation à l’enregistrement) of the Covered Bonds before the Reg istrat ion a nd 
Estates Department (Administration de l’enregistrement, des domaines et de la TVA) in Luxembourg, or (ii) if the 
Cov ered Bonds are (a) attached to a compulsory registrable deed under Luxembourg law (acte obligatoirement 
enregistrable) or (b) deposited with the official records of a notary (déposé au rang des minutes d’un notaire). 
Where a holder of Cov ered Bonds is a resident of Luxembourg for Luxembourg inheritance t ax pu rposes a t  t he 
time of his/her death, the Covered Bonds are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance t ax a ssessment  
purposes. 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Cov ered Bonds if embodied in a Luxembourg deed or  r egistered in  
Luxembourg.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
T ERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the “Conditions” and, each of 
them, a “Condition”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions do not apply to the Registered Covered 
Bonds. In these Conditions, references to the “holder” of Covered Bonds and to the “Bondholders” are to the 
ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds. Covered Bonds will at all times be in book-entry form 
(dematerialised form) and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book-entries with Monte Titoli 
S.p.A. in accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 83-bis and ff. of the Financial Services Act and (ii) the 
resolution dated 13 August, 2018  jointly issued by the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Bo rsa 
(“CONSOB”) and the Bank of Italy and published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta 
Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 201 of 30 August 2018 (the “Joint Resolution”), as subsequently 
amended and supplemented from time to time. Excepted for the Registered Covered Bonds, no certificate or 
physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. The Bondholders are deemed to 
have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit of, inter alia, the terms o f the Rules o f the 
Organisation of the Bondholders attached to, and forming part of, these Conditions. 
In relation to Registered Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions of such Series o f Registered Covered 
Bonds will be as set out in the Registered Covered Bond and the Registered CB Conditions, together with 
the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating to such Registered Co vered Bo nd. Any reference to a 
“Registered CB Condition” other than in this section shall be deemed to be, as applicable, a reference to the 
relevant provision of the Registered Covered Bond, or the Registered CB Conditions attached as a schedule 
thereto or the provisions of the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating to such Registered Covered Bonds. 
Any reference to the Conditions or a Condition shall be referred to the Conditions and/or the Registered CB 
Conditions as the context may require. Any reference to the Covered Bondholders shall be referred to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds and/or the registered holder for the time being of a Registered Covered Bond 
as the context may require. 
Any reference to the Covered Bonds will be construed as to including the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Conditions and/or the Registered Covered Bonds as the context may require.  
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
1.1 
Programme: Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (the “Issuer”) has established a 
covered bond programme in December 2011 (the “Programme”) fo r the issuance o f up to € 
10,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of obbligazioni bancarie garantite (the “Covered 
Bonds”) guaranteed by Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. Covered Bonds are issued pursuant to, and 
in compliance with, the provisions of Law 130/99 of 30 April 1999, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time (“Law 130/99”), Ministerial Decree No. 310 of the Ministry for the Economy and 
Finance of 24 March 2010 (the “MEF Decree”) and the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy 
relating to covered bonds under Part III, Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 o f 17 December 2013, 
containing the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and amended (the 
“BoI Regulations” and together with Law 130/99 and the MEF Dec ree, the “Covered Bonds 
Law”) as amended and implemented from time to time. 
1.2 
Final Terms: Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one 
or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Covered Bonds. Each Series or Tranche is the subject of 
final terms (the “Final Terms”) which complete these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds are these

--- Page 173 ---
173
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event o f any inconsistency between 
these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
1.3 
Guarantee: Each Series of Covered Bonds is the subject of a guarantee executed on or about the First 
Issue Date (the “Guarantee”) entered into between the Guarantor and the Representative o f the 
Bondholders (as defined below) for the purpose of guaranteeing the payments due from the Issuer in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of all Series issued under the Programme. The Guarantee will be 
collateralised and backed by a portfolio constituted by certain eligible assets assigned from time to 
time to the Guarantor pursuant to Master Purchase Agreement and the Portfolio Management 
Agreement (as defined below) and in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bo nds Law. It 
being understood that the recourse of the Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be 
limited to the assets of the Cover Pool (as defined below). 
1.4 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreement: In respect o f each Series or Tranche o f 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Dealer(s) (as defined below) has/have agreed to 
subscribe for the Covered Bonds and pay the relevant Issue Price (as defined below) on the relevant 
Issue Date (as defined below) pursuant to the provisions of the agreement entered into between, 
inter alios, the Issuer and the dealer(s) named therein and/or acceding thereto (the “Dealers”) on or 
about the First Issue Date (the “Programme Agreement”), as supplemented (if applicable) by a 
subscription agreement to be entered into on or about the relevant Issue Date o f any Series o r 
Tranche among the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) (the “Subscription 
Agreement”).  
1.5 
Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement: In a mandate agreement with Mo nte Titoli S.p.A. (“Monte 
T itoli”) (the “Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement”), Monte Titoli has agreed to provide the Issuer 
with certain depository and administration services in relation to the Covered Bonds. 
1.6 
The Covered Bonds: Except where stated otherwise, all subsequent references in these Conditions to 
“Covered Bonds” are to the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms, but 
all references to “each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds” are to both (i) the Covered Bonds which 
are the subject of the relevant Final Terms and (ii) each other Series or Tranche o f Covered Bo nds 
issued under the Programme which is outstanding from time to time. 
1.7 
Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders: The rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders (the 
“Rules”) are attached to, and form an integral part o f, these Co nditions. References in these 
Conditions to the Rules include such rules as from time to time modified in accordance with the 
provisions contained therein and any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental 
thereto. Bondholders are deemed to have notice of, are entitled to the benefit of and are bound by, 
inter alia, the terms of the Rules. 
1.8 
Rights of the Bondholders: The rights and powers of the Bondholders and of the Representative of 
the Bondholders shall be exercised in accordance with these Conditions, the Rules and the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
1.9 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Transaction Documents (as 
defined below) and are subject to their detailed provisions. Bondholders are deemed to have notice 
of, are entitled to the benefit of and are bound by, all the provisions of the Transaction Do cuments 
applicable to them. Copies of the Transaction Documents are available for inspection by Bondholders 
during normal business hours at the registered office of the Representative of the Bondholders from 
time to time and, where applicable, at the Specified Office(s) of the Paying Agent.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
2. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings. 
ABS General Criteria (Criteri Generali dei Titoli ABS ) means the eligibility criteria on the basis on which 
shall be selected the Asset Backed Securities to be included in each Portfolio, as specified in the Schedule 1 – 
Part I – Section III to the Master Purchase Agreement.  
Acceptance Date (Data di Accettazione) means (i) with respect to the purchase of each Subsequent 
Portfolio, a date falling not later than the third Business Day preceding each Issue Date, and (ii) with respect 
to the purchase of each Further Portfolio, a date falling not later than the third Business Day preceding each 
Guarantor Payment Date. 
Account means each of the Collection Account, the Transaction Account, the Securities Account, the 
Reserve Account, the Swap Collateral Account and the Expenses Account and any other account which may 
be opened in the name of the Guarantor for the deposit of any Eligible Asset and Integration Assets and/or 
Eligible Investments under the Cash Management Agreement. 
Account Bank means Mediobanca or any other entity appointed from time to  time to act as such in 
accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Accrual Yield has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Additional Seller means any additional entity of the Mediobanca Group which may from time to time 
enter into the Programme in capacity as seller under the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount means the amount calculated pursuant to the fo rmula set o ut in 
clause 2.2 of the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
Amortisation Test means the test which will be c arried o ut pursuant to the terms o f the Portfolio 
Management Agreement in order to ensure that, on each Calculation Date, following the delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice, the outstanding principal balance of the Cover Pool which for such purpose is considered as 
an amount equal to the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is higher than or equal to the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Amortisation T est Aggregate Loan Amount has the meaning ascribed to it in the Portfolio 
Management Agreement. 
Amortisation Test Verification has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 5  of the A sset Monitor 
Agreement. 
Asset (Attivo) means, collectively, the Eligible Assets and the Integration Assets which will be transferred by 
the Seller to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme. 
Asset Backed Securities (Titoli ABS) means, pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1(d), of MEF Decree the 
asset backed securities for which a risk weight not exceeding 20% is applicable in accordance with the Bank 
of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach - provided that at least 95% of the relevant 
securitised assets are:

--- Page 175 ---
175
(i) 
Residential Mortgage Loans; 
(ii) 
Commercial Mortgage Loans; 
(iii) 
Public Assets. 
Asset Coverage Test means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms o f the Portfolio 
Management Agreement in order to ensure that, on the relevant Calculation Date, the Adjusted Aggregate 
Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bo nds issued 
under the Programme. 
Asset Coverage Test Verification has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 4 o f the Asset Mo nitor 
Agreement. 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the First Issue 
Date between the Asset Monitor, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Servicer, the Representative of the 
Bondholders and the Test Report Provider. 
Asset Monitor means BDO Italia S.p.A. or any other entity appointed from time to time to act as such in 
accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement and in compliance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
Asset Monitor Report means the report which shall be delivered by the A sset Monitor o n each Asset 
Monitor Report Date to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Test Report Provider and the 
Representative of the Bondholders pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Asset Monitor Agreement.  
Asset Monitor Report Date means the date on which an Asset Monitor Report shall be delivered by the 
Asset Monitor, namely: 
(i) 
with respect to the Mandatory Test Verification and the Asset Coverage Test Verification, 10 Business 
Days following receipt of the relevant Test Performance Report by the Test Report Provider o n each 
of (a) the Calculation Date immediately following the First Issue Date, (b) the Calculation Date 
immediately preceding each anniversary date of the First Issue Date and (c) each Calculation Date as 
referred to in Clause 6.2 (Breach of Mandatory Test and Asset Coverage Test prior to an Issuer 
Default Notice) upon occurrence of the circumstances set out thereunder; or 
(ii) 
with respect to the Amortisation Test Verification, 10 Business Days following receipt o f the Test 
Performance Report to be delivered by the Test Report Provider (on behalf of the Guarantor) on each 
Calculation Date after service of an Issuer Default Notice (but prior to a Guarantor Default Notice). 
Asset Percentage means (i) 84 per cent. or (ii) such lesser percentage figure as determined from time to 
time by the Test Report Provider (on behalf of the Guarantor and in accordance with the Rating A gency’s 
methodology) and notified to Fitch and the Representative of the Bondholders, provided that the A sset 
Percentage may not, at any time, be higher than 84 per cent. 
The Guarantor (or the Test Report Provider on its behalf) will, on the Calculation Date, send notification to 
Fitch and the Representative of the Bondholders of the percentage figure selected by it, being the difference 
between 100 per cent. and the amount of credit enhancement required to maintain the then current ratings 
of the covered bonds.  
The Asset Percentage will be adjusted from time to time in order to ensure that sufficient credit enhancement 
will be maintained. 
Available Funds (Fondi Disponibili) means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the Principal 
Available Funds.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
Banking Act (TUB) means Legislative Decree 1 September 1993, No. 385 as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. 
Base Interests (Tasso di Interesse) means the base interests due by the Guarantor under Clause 5.1 (Tasso 
di Interesse della Tranche A) and 5.2 (Tasso di Interesse della Tranche B) o f the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
Benchmarks Regulation means the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or 
to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
Beneficiary means the Bondholders and any other person or entity entitled to receive a payment from the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee, in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law.  
BoI Regulations (Regolamento della Banca d’Italia) means supervisory instructions of the Bank o f Italy 
relating to covered bonds under Part III, Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013, containing 
the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and amended. 
Bondholders (Portatori dei Covered Bond) means the holders, from time to time, of any Covered Bonds of 
each Series of Covered Bonds. 
Borrower means any person in favour of which any Mortgage Loan or Public Loan has been granted by the 
Seller. 
Breach of Test Notice means the notice delivered by the Representative of the Bondholders in accordance 
with the terms of the Portfolio Management Agreement and Condition 11. 
Business Day (Giorno Lavorativo) means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are 
generally open for business in Milan, Luxembourg and London and on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System (or any successor thereto) is open. 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a 
Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought fo rward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified 
Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such date 
should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month;

--- Page 177 ---
177 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date will be 
the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, 
in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business 
Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar 
month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention. 
Calculation Agent means CheBanca or any other entity appointed from time to  time to act as such in 
accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Calculation Date means (i) with reference to the activities to be carried out by the Calculation Agent, a date 
falling not later than the second Business Day preceding each Guarantor Payment Date, and (ii) with 
reference to the activities to be carried out by the Test Report Provider, a date falling not later than the 3rd 
Business Day following the Quarterly Report Date.  
Call Option has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Cash Management Agreement means the cash management agreement entered into o n o r about the 
First Issue Date between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Seller, the Account Bank, the 
Investment Manager, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Interest Determination Agent, the Paying 
Agent, the Test Report Provider and the Representative of the Bondholders. 
CB Payment Date means the First CB Payment Date and any date o r dates specified as such in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Co nvention o r Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Co nvention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of c alendar months 
following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first CB Payment Date) or the previous 
CB Payment Date (in any other case). 
CB Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date o r 
any CB Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the following CB Payment Date. 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking Société Anonyme, Luxembourg with o ffices at 42 avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Collection Account means the euro denominated bank account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Account Bank, IBAN: IT82Y1063101600000070201377, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
Collection Period (Periodo di Incasso) means the quarterly periods of each year commencing on (and 
including) the first calendar day of months o f January, A pril, July and Oc tober and ending o n (and 
including), respectively, the last calendar day of the months of March, June, September and December and, 
in the case of the first Collection Period in relation to the Initial Portfolio, commencing on (and excluding) 
the Initial Valuation Date and ending on (and excluding) the first calendar day of month of January 2012. 
Collection Policies (Procedure di Riscossione) means the procedures implemented by the Servicer for the 
management, collection and recovery of the instalments and all and any other amounts from time to time 
due in relation to the Assets, pursuant to the Schedule 1 to the Servicing Agreement.  
Commercial Mortgage Loan Agreement (Contratto di Mutuo Ipotecario Commerciale) means any 
commercial mortgage loan agreement under which a Commercial Mortgage Loan has been granted in favour 
to the relevant Debtor. 
Commercial Mortgage Loan (Mutuo Ipotecario Commerciale) means any Mortgage Loan secured by a 
Mortgage on a Real Estate Asset intended to c ommercial activities (destinato ad uso commerciale) 
comprised in the Cover Pool. 
CONSOB means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
Corporate Servicer (Prestatore di Servizi Amministrativi) means D&B Tax Accounting S.r.l. – società tra 
professionisti or any other entity appointed from time to time to act as such in accordance with the Corporate 
Services Agreement. 
Corporate Services Agreement (Contratto di Servizi Amministrativi) means the agreement entered into 
on 17 June, 2020 between the Guarantor and the Corporate Servicer pursuant to which the Corporate 
Servicer will provide certain administration services to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme. 
Covered Bonds Law (Normativa sui Covered Bond) means, jointly, the Law 130/99, the MEF Decree and 
the BoI Regulations. 
Covered Bond means any covered bond of any Series issued from time to time by the Issuer in the context 
of the Programme. 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements means the 1992 ISDA Master Agreements entered into between the 
Guarantor and the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty on or about the First Issue Date, together with 
the relevant Schedule, the relevant Credit Support Annex which may be from time to time entered into in the 
context of the Programme and the relevant confirmations, which may be from time to time entered into in 
the context of the Programme, documenting the interest rate swap transactions supplemental thereto. 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty means Mediobanca, acting in such capacity or any other entity acting 
as such pursuant to the Covered Bond Swap Agreements. 
Cover Pool (Patrimonio Separato) means the cover pool constituted by (i) the Eligible Assets and the 
Integration Assets purchased from time to time by the Guarantor in the context of the Programme and (ii) 
the Liquidity. 
Cover Pool Swap Agreement means the 1992 ISDA Master Agreements entered into between the Issuer 
and the Cover Pool Swap Counterparty on or about the First Issue Date, together with the relevant Schedule, 
the relevant Credit Support Annex which may be from time to time entered into in the context of the 
Programme and the relevant confirmations, which may be from time to time entered into in the c ontext o f 
the Programme, documenting the interest rate swap transactions supplemental thereto.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Cover Pool Swap Counterparty means Mediobanca, acting in such capacity or any other entity acting as 
such pursuant to the Cover Pool Swap Agreement. 
Current Balance means in relation to a Mortgage Loan and/or any o ther Asset and/or any Eligible 
Investment at any given date, the Outstanding Principal Balance relating to that Mortgage Loan and/or that 
Asset and/or that Eligible Investment as at that date.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the c alculation of an amount fo r any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Co nditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and:  
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it falls, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product o f (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual number o f days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360; 
(v) 
if 30/360 (Fixed rate) is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months 
(unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day o f the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month); 
(vi) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number o f days in 
the CB Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a CB Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(vii) 
if 30/360 (Floating Rate) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows  
(
)
[
]
(
[30
360
2
1
2
M
x
Y
Y
x
+
−

--- Page 180 ---
180
Day Count Fraction =   
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number o f days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction =  
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(ix) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which 
payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction =  
(
)
[
]
(
[30
360
2
1
2
M
x
Y
Y
x
+
−
(
)
[
]
(
[30
360
2
1
2
M
x
Y
Y
x
+
−

--- Page 181 ---
181
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date o r (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, provided, however, that in each such case the 
number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from and including the first day o f the 
Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period. 
Dealers means Mediobanca and Mediobanca International, as well as any other entity which may be 
appointed as such by the Issuer upon execution of a letter in the terms or substantially in the terms set out in 
Schedule 8 (Form of Dealer Accession Letter) to the Programme Agreement on any other terms acceptable to 
the Issuer and such entity.  
Debtor (Debitore Ceduto) means any borrower, any person which has granted a Security Interest and/or 
any other person who is liable for the payment or repayment of amounts due in respect o f an Asset or a 
Security Interest and Debtors means from time to time all of them. 
Decree No. 239 means the Italian Legislative Decree 1 April 1996, No. 239 as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
Deed of Charge means the English law deed of charge entered into o n o r about the First Issue Date 
between the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bo ndholders (acting as security trustee fo r the 
Bondholders and for the other Secured Creditors). 
Deed of Pledge means the deed of pledge governed by Italian law executed between the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Bondholders and the Account Bank  in the context of the Programme. 
Defaulted Assets (Attivi in Sofferenza) means (A) any Asset arising from Mortgage Lo ans and Public 
Entities Receivables included in the Cover Pool (a) having at least  seven monthly instalments which are past 
due and unpaid, and in relation to which the relevant Debtor has been classified as being “in sofferenza” by 
the Servicer in accordance with the Bank of Italy regulations as amended and updated from time to time and 
collection policy thereof, and (B) the Assets different from the Mortgage Loans and the Public Entities 
Receivables included in the Cover Pool in relation to which the relevant Debtor has been classified as being 
“in sofferenza” by the Servicer in accordance with the Bank of Italy regulations as amended and updated 
from time to time and collection policy thereof. 
Defaulting Party has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Swap Agreements.

--- Page 182 ---
182
Delinquent Assets means (A) any Asset arising from Mortgage Loans and the Public Entities Receivables 
included in the Cover Pool having (a) days in arrear for more than 90 days or (b) (“inadempienza probabile”) 
four instalments which are past due and fully unpaid, even if such instalments are not consecutive and (B) 
the Assets different from the Mortgage Loans and the Public Entities Receivables included in the Cover Pool 
in relation to which the relevant Debtor has been classified as being “ad inadempienza probabile” by the 
Servicer in accordance with the Bank of Italy regulations as amended and updated from time to time and 
collection policy thereof. 
Due for Payment Date means (a) a Scheduled Due for Payment Date (as defined below) or (b) fo llowing 
the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the date on which the Guarantor Default Notice is served o n 
the Guarantor. If the Due for Payment Date is not a Business Day, Due for Payment Date will be the next 
Business Day. 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has or have the 
earliest Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bo nds is subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date and the relevant Extension Period has already started) as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) means, in respect of any Series o f Covered Bo nds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Date means, as applicable, the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) or the date on which any Series of Covered Bonds is to be redeemed pursuant to 
Condition 8 (c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Early Termination Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount o f 
such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the Terms and 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms. 
Eligible Assets (Attivi Idonei) means the following assets contemplated under article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of 
the MEF Decree: 
(i) 
the Residential Mortgage Loans; 
(ii) 
the Commercial Mortgage Loans; 
(iii) 
the Public Assets; and 
(iv) 
the Asset Backed Securities. 
Criteria (Criteri) means (i) with respect to the Initial Portfolio, collectively, the General Criteria and the 
Specific Criteria of the Initial Portfolio and (ii) with respect to the Subsequent Po rtfolios and Further 
Portfolios, collectively, the General Criteria, the Specific Criteria and the Further Criteria (if any) o f the 
relevant Subsequent Portfolio or Further Portfolio. 
Eligible Institution means any depository institution organised under the laws o f any State which is a 
member of the European Union or of the United States having a Long-Term Rating at least equal to  “BBB” or 
a Short-Term Rating at least equal to “F2” by Fitch or which is guaranteed by an entity having a Lo ng-Term 
Rating at least equal to  “BBB” or a Short-Term Rating at least equal to “F2” by Fitch. 
Eligible Investments means the Euro denominated senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt 
instruments, provided that, in all cases:

--- Page 183 ---
183
(a)  
such investments are immediately repayable on demand, disposable without penalty or have a 
maturity date falling on or before the third Business Day preceding the Guarantor Payment Date 
immediately succeeding the Collection Period in respect of which such eligible investments were 
made;  
(b)  
such investments provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than 
the initially invested amount) or in case of repayment or disposal, the principal amount upon 
repayment or disposal is at least equal to the principal amount invested and cannot include any 
embedded options (unless full payment of principal is paid in cash upon the exercise of the 
embedded option; 
(c)  
such debt securities or other debt instruments having at least:  
(1)  
“BBB” or ”F2”, for investments maturing up to 30 days; 
(2) 
“AA-” or “F1+”, for investments maturing from 30 days to 365 days; 
 
(d)   
a Euro denominated time deposit (including, for avoidance of any doubt, a term deposit) o pened 
with the Account Bank or any other Eligible Institution; and 
(e) 
repurchase transactions between the Guarantor and an Eligible Institution in respect o f Euro 
denominated debt securities or other debt instruments having the rating requirements specified 
under paragraph (c) above, provided that (i) title to the securities underlying such repurchase 
transactions (in the period between the execution of the relevant repurchase transactions and their 
respective maturity) effectively passes to the Guarantor and the o bligations o f the relevant 
counterparty are not related to the performance of the underlying securities, (ii) such repurchase 
transactions have a maturity date falling on or before the third Business Day preceding the 
Guarantor Payment Date immediately succeeding the Collection Period in respect of which such 
eligible investments were made. .  
EURIBOR shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Euro, € and EUR refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which adopt the 
single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community. 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., with offices at 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
Euro Equivalent means, in case of an issuance of Covered Bonds denominated in currency other than the 
Euro, an equivalent amount expressed in Euro calculated by the Calculation Agent at the prevailing exchange 
rate or, in case a cross-currency swap has been entered in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the exchange 
rate of the relevant cross-currency swap. 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts means any additional amounts relating to default interest o r 
interest upon interest payable by the Issuer. 
Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts means any additional amounts relating to prepayments, early 
redemption, broken funding indemnities, or penalties payable by the Issuer. 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount means any termination payment due and payable by the 
Guarantor to a Swap Counterparty, where the Swap Counterparty is the Defaulting Party or the sole Affected 
Party pursuant to the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Expenses Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank, IBAN: IT78T1063101600000070201380, or such other substitute account as may be

--- Page 184 ---
184
opened in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement, into which the Retention A mount will be 
credited and from which any Expenses and Taxes will be paid during the period c omprised between 
a Guarantor Payment Date and the immediately subsequent Guarantor Payment Date. 
Expenses means any documented fees, costs, expenses, to be paid by the Guarantor in order to preserve its 
corporate existence, to maintain it in good standing and to comply with applicable legislation. 
Extended Maturity Date means the date , if any specified as such in the relevant Final Terms when final 
redemption payments in relation to a specific Series of Covered Bonds become due and payable pursuant to 
the extension of the relevant Maturity Date . 
Extension Determination Date means, with respect to each Series of Covered Bo nds, the date falling 
seven days after the Maturity Date of the relevant Series.  
Extension Period means, with reference to the Series of Covered Bonds subject to an Extended Maturity 
Date, the period starting on the relevant Maturity Date (included) and ending on the relevant Ex tended 
Maturity Date (excluded).  
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Rules attached to the Conditions. 
Facility means the facility to be granted by the Subordinated Lender pursuant to the terms of Clause 2 of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount o f 
such Series. 
Final Terms means the final terms related to each Series of Covered Bond whose form is included in the 
Prospectus. 
First CB Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
First Issue Date (Prima Data di Emissione) means the Issue Date of the first Series o f Covered Bo nds 
issued under the Programme. 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Provisions means Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions). 
Floating Rate Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Provisions means the relevant provisions of Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions). 
Further Criteria (Criteri Ulteriori) means the eligibility criteria, other than the General Criteria and the 
Specific Criteria, which the Seller and the Guarantor may apply, from time to time, to  each Subsequent 
Portfolio and Further Portfolio, specifying such further criteria in the Schedule B to the relevant Transfer 
Proposal.  
Further Portfolio (Portafoglio Ulteriore) means all the Eligible Assets, c ompliant with the General 
Criteria, the relevant Specific Criteria and the relevant Further Criteria (if any), which may be purchased as a 
pool (in blocco) and pro soluto by the Guarantor pursuant to Clause 4 (Cessione di Ulteriori Portafogli su 
base revolving) of the Master Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 185 ---
185
General Criteria (Criteri Generali) means, jointly, (i) the Mortgage General Criteria, (ii) the Public Assets 
General Criteria and (iii) the ABS General Criteria. 
Guarantee means the guarantee issued on or about the First Issue Date by the Guarantor in favour o f the 
Beneficiaries. 
Guaranteed Payment Obligations means the payment obligations of interest and principal in relation of 
each Series of Covered Bonds guaranteed under the Guarantee. 
Guaranteed Amounts means (a) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, with respect to any 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to (i) the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled 
Principal, in each case, payable on that Schedule Due for Payment Date o r any other amounts due and 
payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds pursuant to the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms and (ii) all amounts payable by the Guarantor under the Transaction Documents ranking senior to any 
payment due in respect of the Covered Bonds according to the applicable Priority of Payments, o r (b) after 
the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, an amount equal to (i) the relevant Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined and specified in the Terms and Conditions) plus all accrued and unpaid interests and all o ther 
amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all Excluded Sc heduled Interest 
Amounts and all Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose), and (ii) all amounts 
payable by the Guarantor under the Transaction Documents ranking senior to any payment due in respect to  
the Covered Bonds according to the applicable Priority of Payments. The Guaranteed Amounts include any 
Guaranteed Amount that was timely paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Bondholders to the extent it has 
been clawed back and recovered from the Bondholders by the receiver or liquidator, in bankruptcy o r o ther 
insolvency or similar proceedings for the Issuer named or identified in the order, and has no t been paid or 
recovered from any other source (the “Clawed Back Amounts”). 
Guarantor Default Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.3 (Guarantor Events of Default). 
Guarantor Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.3 (Guarantor Events of Default). 
Guarantor means Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l., a limited liability company incorporated under the laws 
of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office at Corso di Porta Romana, No. 61, 20122 Milan, Italy, Fiscal 
Code and registration with the Companies Register in Milan No. 03915310969, under the direction and 
coordination of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Guarantor Payment Account means the euro denominated account established in the name o f the 
Guarantor with the Paying Agent with number 800882300 (Iban code: IT  96 R 03479 01600 
000800882300),or such other substitute account as may be o pened in accordance with the Cash 
Management Agreement into which the Cash Manager (on behalf of the Guarantor) will credit by 9:00 a.m. 
of each Due for Payment Date the amounts due from time to time under the Covered Bonds and out of which 
the Paying Agent will make the payments due in favour of the Bondholders on behalf of the Guarantor after 
to the service of an Issuer Default Notice. 
Guarantor Payment Date means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling 
on the 28th day of January, April, July and October or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately 
following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, any day on which any 
payment is required to be made by the Representative of the Bondholders in accordance with the Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments, the relevant Terms and Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. The 
first Guarantor Payment Date will fall on 28 January, 2011.

--- Page 186 ---
186
Initial Portfolio (Portafoglio Iniziale) means the portfolio of receivables arising from Residential Mortgage 
Loan Agreement purchased by the Guarantor on 30 November, 2011 pursuant to Article 2 of the Master 
Purchase Agreement in order to allow Mediobanca to issue the First Series of the Covered Bonds. 
Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement (Contratto di Finanziamento Subordinato Iniziale) means the 
subordinated loan agreement entered into between the Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor on 30 
November, 2011. 
Initial Subordinated Loan (Finanziamento Subordinato Iniziale) means the subordinated loan granted 
by the Subordinated Lender in favour of the Guarantor pursuant to the Initial Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
Initial Valuation Date (Data di Valutazione Iniziale) means, with reference to the Initial Portfolio, the 
date falling on 30 September, 2011.  
Initial Transfer Date (Data di Cessione Iniziale) means, with reference to the Initial Portfolio, the date on 
which the Publicities provided for in Article 2.5 of the Master Purchase Agreement has been carried out. 
Insolvency Event means in respect of any company, entity or corporation that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, 
administration, insolvency, composition or reorganisation (including, without limitation, 
“fallimento”, “liquidazione coatta amministrativa”, “concordato preventivo” and “amministrazione 
straordinaria”, each such expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic 
of Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, winding-up, reorganisation, dissolution, 
administration) or similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part o f the undertaking or 
assets of such company, entity or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any procedure having 
a similar effect (other than in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio o f assets purchased by the 
Guarantor for the purposes of further programme of issuance o f Covered Bo nds), unless in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders, (who may in this respect rely o n the advice o f a 
legal adviser selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a reasonable 
prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) above is made in respect of 
or by such company, entity or corporation or such proceedings are otherwise initiated against such 
company or corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders (who may in 
this respect rely on the advice o f a legal adviser selected by it), the c ommencement of such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment of deferment of any o f its 
obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Transaction Documents) 
or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect o f any o f its indebtedness o r any 
guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension o f payments (other than, in 
respect of the Issuer, the issuance of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Act); or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution in 
any form of such company, entity or corporation or any of the events under article 2448 of the Civil 
Code occurs with respect to such company, entity or corporation (except in any such case a winding-
up or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, 
the terms of which have been previously approved in writing by the Representative of the 
Bondholders); or

--- Page 187 ---
187 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or analogous to 
those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or corporation is deemed to 
carry on business. 
Integration Assets (Attivi Idonei Integrativi) means, in accordance with article 2, sub-paragraph 3.2 and 
3.3 of MEF Decree, each of the following assets: 
(i) 
deposits held with banks which have their registered o ffice in the European Ec onomic Area o r 
Switzerland or in a country for which a 0% risk weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank of 
Italy's prudential regulations for banks -standardised approach; and 
(ii) 
securities issued by the banks indicated in item (i) above, which have a residual maturity not 
exceeding one year. 
Integration Assets Limit (Limite per gli Attivi Idonei Integrativi) means the maximum percentage o f 
Integration Assets (taking into account the Liquidity) which may be comprised in the Cover Pool pursuant to 
the Covered Bonds Law, i.e. 15% of the Cover Pool. 
Intercreditor Agreement (Accordo tra Creditori) means the agreement entered into on or about the First 
Issue Date between the Guarantor and the other Secured Creditors. 
Interest Amount means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and a CB Interest Period, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of that Series for that CB Interest Period. 
Interest Available Funds (Fondi Disponibili in Linea Interessi) means, on each Guarantor Payment Date: 
(i) 
any interest collected by the Servicer and/or by the Guarantor in respect of the Assets and credited 
into the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
(ii) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties received by the Servicer and/or by the Guarantor 
and credited into the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
(iii) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or deduction or expenses, if due) and paid o n 
the Accounts during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(iv) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments during the preceding Collection Period; 
(v) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal received under the Cover Pool Swaps;  
(vi) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal received under each Covered Bond Swap o ther than 
the Swap Collateral (if any); 
(vii) 
any swap termination payments received from a Swap Counterparty under a Swap A greement, 
provided that such amounts will first be used to pay a Replacement Swap Counterparty to enter into 
a Replacement Swap Agreement, unless a Replacement Swap Agreement has already been entered 
into by or on behalf of the Guarantor;  
(viii) 
prior to the service of a Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor amounts standing to the credit of the 
Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve Amount and following the service o f a Issuer 
Default Notice on the Guarantor, any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account; 
(ix) 
all amounts to be allocated from the Principal Available Funds as Interest Shortfall Amount;

--- Page 188 ---
188
(x) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest Available 
Funds or Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Coverage Test means the test to be calculated pursuant to the terms of the Portfolio Management 
Agreement so that the amount of interest and other revenues generated by the assets included in the Cover 
Pool (including the payments of any nature expected to be received by the Guarantor with respect to any 
Swap Agreement), net of the costs borne by the Guarantor (including the payments of any nature expected to 
be born or due with respect to any Swap Agreement), shall be at least equal to the amount of interests and 
costs due on all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Interest Determination Agent means BNP Paribas Securities Services, Milan Branch which is appointed 
to act as interest determination agent pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement.  
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Shortfall Amount means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, the amount due and payable under 
items from (i) to (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment, to the extent that the 
Interest Available Funds are not sufficient, on such Guarantor Payment Date, to make such payments in full.  
Investor Report means the report containing certain information on the Cover Pool and o n the Covered 
Bond which shall be delivered, on each Investor Report Date, by the Calculation Agent - subject to timely 
receipt of certain information - via e-mail to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Bondholders, the Cash Manager, the Seller, the Servicer, the Paying Agent, the Account Bank and the Rating 
Agency. 
Investor Report Date means a date falling not later than the second Business Day fo llowing each 
Calculation Date. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the 
first Series of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
ISDA Determination means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with Condition 6(c) 
(ISDA Determination). 
Issue Date (Data di Emissione) means each date on which any Series of Covered Bond will be issued in the 
context of the Programme. 
Issuer means Mediobanca. 
Issuer Default Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.1 (Issuer Events of Default). 
Issuer Default Notice Date means the date on which the Guarantor has received the Issuer Default Notice 
sent by the Representative of the Bondholders. 
Issuer Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.1 (Issuer Events of Default). 
Issuer Payment Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Issuer with 
the Paying Agent with number 800882200 (Iban code: IT 76 Q 03479 01600 000800882200), or such other 
substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement, into which the

--- Page 189 ---
189
Issuer will credit by 9:00 a.m. of each CB Payment Date the amounts due from time to time under the 
Covered Bonds and out of which the Paying Agent will make the payments due in favour of the Bondholders 
on behalf of the Issuer prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice. 
Joint Resolution means the resolution of 13 August, 2018 jointly issued by CONSOB and the Bank of Italy 
and published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) 
No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as amended from time to time. 
Latest Maturing Covered Bonds means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has o r have the 
latest Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bo nds is subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date and the relevant Extension Period has already started) as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Latest Valuation means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset, the value given to the relevant 
Real Estate Asset by the most recent valuation (to be performed in accordance with the requirements 
provided for under the prudential regulations for banks issued by the Bank of Italy) addressed to the Seller or 
obtained from an independently maintained valuation model, acceptable to reasonable and prudent 
institutional mortgage lenders in Italy. 
Life of the Programme means the period of time comprised between the First Issue Date and the latest of 
(i) the date on which the Revolving Period has elapsed and (ii) the Programme End Date. 
Liquidity (Liquidità) means any and all amounts from time to time standing to the credit of the Accounts 
(other than the Quota Capital Account).  
“Long-Term Deposit Rating” means the long-term rating which may be assigned from Fitch to a bank 
account provider. 
“Long-Term IDR” means, with reference to an institution, the long-term issuer default rating (IDR) 
assigned from Fitch to such institution. 
“Long-Term Rating” means (i) with reference to the Account Bank or the Swap Collateral Account Bank, a 
Long-Term Deposit Rating (if assigned from Fitch) or a Long-Term IDR (where no Long-Term Deposit 
Rating is assigned from Fitch); and (ii) in any other case, a Long-Term IDR. 
Main Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the main financial centre fo r that currency 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the main financial c entre of such Member State o f the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Interest Determination Agent and/or the Paying Agent (as the case may be); and  
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney o r Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the c ase o f a 
payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Interest Determination agent and/or 
the Paying Agent (as the case may be).  
Mandatory Test means the tests provided for under article 3 of MEF Decree. 
Mandatory Test Verification has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 3 of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 190 ---
190
Master Definitions Agreement (Accordo Quadro sulle Definizioni) means the master definitions 
agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Seller and the Representative of the Bondholders, containing all the definitions o f the terms used in the 
Transaction Documents. 
Master Purchase Agreement (Contratto Quadro di Cessione) means the master purchase agreement 
entered into on 30 November, 2011 between, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Seller. 
Maturity Date (Data di Scadenza Convenzionale) means the date on which final redemption payments in 
relation to a specific Series of Covered Bonds become due in accordance with the Final Terms.  
Maximum Rate of Interest has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Mediobanca Group (Gruppo Mediobanca) means the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
Mediobanca International means Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A., a société anonyme 
subject to Luxembourg law and having its registered office at 14 Boulevard Roosevelt L-2450 Luxembourg, 
registered at the Luxembourg trade and companies registry under registration number B 112885. 
Meeting has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
MEF Decree means the decree issued by the Minister of Economy and Finance on 14 December 2006, No . 
310 in relation to the covered bonds. 
Minimum Rate of Interest has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Monte Titoli Account Holders means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) in accordance with A rticle 
83-quater of Legislative Decree No. 58/98 and includes any depositary banks approved by Clearstream and 
Euroclear. 
Monte Titoli means Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
Mortgage Loan General Criteria (Criteri Generali dei Crediti Ipotecari) means the general criteria o n 
the basis of which shall be selected the Mortgage Loans to be included in each Portfolio, as specified in the 
Schedule 1 – Part I – Section I to the Master Purchase Agreement.  
Mortgage Loan Agreement means any Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement or Commercial Mortgage 
Loan Agreement out of which the Receivables arise. 
Mortgage Loan means a Residential Mortgage Loan or a Commercial Mortgage Loan, as the case may be, 
the claims in respect of which have been and/or will be transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to 
the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Mortgages (Ipoteche) means the mortgages created on the Real Estate Assets pursuant to Italian law in 
order to secure claims in respect of the Receivables. 
Negative Carry Factor means (i) nil if the relevant Covered Bond has a corresponding Cover Pool Swap 
structured as Total Balance Guaranteed Swap, otherwise (ii) a percentage calculated by reference to the 
weighted average margin of the Covered Bonds and will, in any event, be not less than 0.5 per cent.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Offer Date (Data di Offerta) means (i) with respect to the purchase of each Subsequent Portfolio, a date 
falling not later than the fourth Business Day preceding each Issue Date, and (ii) with respect to the purchase 
of each Further Portfolio, a date falling not later than the fourth Business Day preceding each Guarantor 
Payment Date, i.e. the date within which the Seller may send to the Guarantor the Transfer Proposal 
pursuant to Article 3.2 of the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bo nds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Organisation of the Bondholders means the association of the Bondholders, organised pursuant to the 
Rules. 
Outstanding Principal Balance means, at any date, in relation to a Mortgage Lo an, and/or any o ther 
Asset and/or any Eligible Investment, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such Mortgage 
Loan or such other Asset or such Eligible Investment at such date. 
Paying Agent means Mediobanca, as long as it is an Eligible Institution and provided that an Issuer Ev ent 
of Default has not occurred, otherwise BNP Paribas Securities Services, Milan Branch which is appointed to 
act as paying agent under the terms of the Cash Management Agreement, and any of its successors. 
Payment Business Day means a day on which banks in the relevant Place o f Payment are open fo r 
payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in fo reign c urrencies and any day 
which is: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be c arried 
on in the Main Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre. 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint v enture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
Place of Payment means, in respect of any Bondholders, the place at which such Bo ndholder receives 
payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds. 
Pledge Account means, collectively, the Accounts listed under Schedule 3 to the Deed of Pledge.  
Pledged Claims has the meaning attributed to in Clause 2.1 of the Deed of Pledge. 
Portfolio Management Agreement means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date 
between the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Test Report Provider, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent 
and the Representative of the Bondholders.

--- Page 192 ---
192
Portfolio (Portafoglio) means, collectively, the Initial Portfolio, any Subsequent Portfolios and any Further 
Portfolios which will be purchased by the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Master Purchase 
Agreement. 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payment means the order of priority pursuant to which 
the Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, in accordance with Clause 5.4 of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payment means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the service of an Issuer Default 
Notice, but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, in accordance with Clause 5.3 of the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Potential Set-Off Amounts means an amount calculated o n a quarterly basis by the Servicer and 
communicated to the Rating Agency as a percentage o f the Cover Pool that the Servicer determines 
as potentially subject to set-off risk by the relevant Debtors, taking into consideration the portion o f the 
Debtors having current and deposit accounts opened with the Seller.   
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment means the order of priority pursuant to  
which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of 
an Issuer Default Notice, in accordance with Clause 5.1 of the Intercreditor Agreement.  
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payment means the order of priority pursuant to  
which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of 
an Issuer Default Notice, in accordance with Clause 5.2 of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payment means, as applicable, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payment or the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payment. 
Premium Interests means, on any Guarantor Payment Date:  
(A) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive difference 
between (a) the sum of the Interest Available Funds, with respect to the immediately preceding 
Collection Period, and (b) the algebraic sum of the amounts due by the Guarantor under items from 
(i) to (xi) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; or 
(B) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default but prior to the occurrence o f a Guarantor 
Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive difference between (a) the sum o f the Available 
Funds with respect to the immediately preceding Collection Period and (b) the algebraic sum o f the 
amounts due by the Guarantor under items from (i) to (ix) (included) of the Post-Issuer Ev ent of 
Default Priority of Payments; or 
(C) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive difference 
between (a) the sum of the Available Funds with respect to the immediately preceding Co llection 
Period and (b) the algebraic sum of the amounts due by the Guarantor under items from (i) to (vii) 
(included) of the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments.  
Principal Amount Outstanding means, on any date: (a) in relation to a Covered Bo nd, the principal 
amount of that Covered Bond upon issue less the aggregate amount of any principal payments in respect o f 
that Covered Bond which have become due and payable (and been paid) on or prior to that date; and (b) in 
relation to the Covered Bonds outstanding at any time, the aggregate of the amount in (a) in respect o f all 
Covered Bonds outstanding.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
Principal Available Funds means, on each Guarantor Payment Date: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer and/or the Guarantor in respect of the Cover Pool and 
credited to the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by the Servicer and/or the Guarantor and 
credited from time to time to the Transaction Account;  
(c) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the Assets; 
(d) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under any Swap Agreements other than the Swap 
Collateral (if any); and 
(e) 
principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool in the past Collection Periods 
but still standing to the credit of the Transaction Account. 
Priorities of Payments (Ordine di Priorità dei Pagamenti) means each of the o rders in which the 
Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Program Debtor means any Counterparty who is or may become the debtor of any of the claims and rights 
over which the Pledge is hereby created other than the Debtors. 
Programme End Date means the earlier between (i) the date falling o n a year and o ne day after the 
Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full at their relevant Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, if 
applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms) and (ii) in case of prepayment in full of the Covered Bonds, 
the date falling on two years and one day after the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full. 
Programme (Programma) means the covered bond issue programme for the issuance of several Series o f 
Covered Bond by the Issuer pursuant to article 7-bis of Law 130/99. 
Programme Agreement means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date between the 
Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Initial Dealer. 
Programme Resolution has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
Publicity (Pubblicità) means, in relation to each Portfolio, collectively: (i) the publication o n the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy of the transfer notice of such Portfolio, substantially in the fo rm attached 
under Schedule 5 to the Master Purchase Agreement and (ii) the filing of an application for the registration of 
such assignment with the competent Companies’ Register.  
Public Assets (Attivi Pubblici) means, collectively, the Public Entities Receivables and Public Entities 
Securities. 
Public Assets General Criteria (Criteri Generali degli Attivi Pubblici) means the general criteria o n the 
basis of which shall be selected the Public Assets to be included in each Subsequent Portfolio and/or Further 
Portfolio, as specified in the Schedule 1 – Part I – Section II to the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Public Entity Receivables means, pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of MEF Decree, any receivables 
owned by or receivables which have been benefit of a guarantee eligible for credit risk mitigation granted by:

--- Page 194 ---
194
(i) 
Public Entities, including ministerial bodies and local o r regional bodies, located within the 
European Economic Area or Switzerland for which a risk weight not exceeding 20% is applicable in 
accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach; and  
(ii) 
Public Entities, located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, fo r which a 0 % risk 
weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank o f Italy's prudential regulations fo r banks - 
standardised approach - or regional or local public entities or non-economic administrative entities, 
located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, for which a risk weight not exceeding 
20% is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - 
standardised approach, provided that, the Public Entities Receivables described under item (ii) above 
may not amount to more than 10% of the aggregate nominal value of the Cover Pool. 
Public Entity Securities means pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of MEF Dec ree, any securities 
issued by or which have benefit of a guarantee eligible for credit risk mitigation granted by: 
(i) 
Public Entities, including ministerial bodies and local o r regional bodies, located within the 
European Economic Area or Switzerland for which a risk weight not exceeding 20% is applicable in 
accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach; and  
(ii) 
Public Entities, located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, fo r which a 0 % risk 
weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank o f Italy's prudential regulations fo r banks - 
standardised approach - or regional or local public entities or non-economic administrative entities, 
located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, for which a risk weight not exceeding 
20% is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - 
standardised approach, provided that, the Public Entities Securities described under item (ii) above 
may not amount to more than 10% of the aggregate nominal value of the Cover Pool. 
Public Loan (Finanziamento Pubblico) means any loans granted by any entity referred to in Article 2, 
paragraph 1(c), n. 1) and 2) of MEF Decree, or secured by the same entities in compliance with the provisions 
of Article 2, paragraph 1(c) of the MEF Decree.  
Put Option has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to the Paying A gent by any Bo ndholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Bondholder. 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by the Paying Agent to a depositing Bondholder upon deposit 
of Covered Bonds with the Paying Agent by any Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered 
Bonds at the option of the Bondholder. 
Quarterly Report (Rendiconto Trimestrale) means the quarterly report prepared by the Servicer pursuant 
to Article 3.13 of the Servicing Agreement to be sent by the Servicer within the Quarterly Report Date to the 
Guarantor, the Seller, the Issuer, the Asset Monitor, the Rating Agency, the Calculation Agent, the Corporate 
Services Provider, the Swap Counterparties and the Representative of the Bondholders. 
Quarterly Report Date (Data di Rendiconto Trimestrale) means the date falling on the 1 4th day o f 
January, April, July and October or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business 
Day.  
Quota 
Capital 
Account 
means 
the 
Euro 
denominated 
account 
IBAN 
No. 
IT75P1063101600000070092700 opened with Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., where the 
issued and paid-up corporate capital account of the Guarantor has been deposited.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
Quotaholders' Agreement means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date between 
the Guarantor, the Quotaholders and the Representative of the Bondholders. 
Quotaholders means Chebanca! S.p.A. and SPV Holding S.r.l. and each assignee of the relevant 
participation in the issued and paid-up corporate capital of the Guarantor. 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) o f interest payable in 
respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
Rating Agency means Fitch. 
Real Estate Asset (Immobile) means any real estate asset mortgaged as security of a Receivable under a 
Mortgage Loan Agreement. 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Banks has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks selected 
by the Interest Determination Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate. 
Reference Price has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Rate means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the deposit rate, the interbank rate, the 
swap rate or bond yield, as the case may be, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date and as determined by the Interest Determination Agent. 
Reference Rate Event means, with reference to the Reference Rate applicable to  a Series o f a Covered 
Bond, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the Relevant Screen Page o n which the Reference 
Rate appears has been discontinued or it is materially changed or (ii) a decision to withdraw the 
authorization or registration to the administrator of the Reference Rate as set out in Article 35 o f the 
Benchmarks Regulation has been adopted by the competent authority. 
Registered Paying Agent means any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in respect 
of the Covered Bonds issued in a registered form under the Programme. 
Registrar means any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as registrar in respect of the 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer will keep the 
register and will not delegate such activity, any reference to the Registrar will be construed as a reference to 
the Issuer. 
Regular Period means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid o nly by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
CB Payment Date and each successive period from and including o ne CB Payment Date to but 
excluding the next CB Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any 
year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not 
the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls; and

--- Page 196 ---
196
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other than the first CB Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular 
Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls other than the 
CB Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular CB Interest Period. 
Relevant Clearing System means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxemburg and/or any other c learing 
system (other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system through which 
payments under the Covered Bonds may be made. 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later o f (a) the date o n which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the Main 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date o n 
which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Bondholders. 
Relevant Dealer(s) means, in relation to a Series, the Dealer(s) which is/are party to any agreement in 
writing entered into with the Issuer and the Guarantor for the issue by the Issuer and the subscription by 
such Dealer(s) of such Series pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other 
page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in 
each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for 
the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate. 
Relevant Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Representative of the Bondholders (Rappresentante dei Portatori dei Covered Bond) means the entity 
that will act as representative of the holders of each series of Covered Bonds pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents. 
Required Redemption Amount means the Euro Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding in 
respect of the relevant Covered Bond, multiplied by 1 + (Negative Carry Factor x (days to the Maturity Date of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bond (or the Extended Maturity Date if applicable)/365). 
Required Reserve Amount means, an amount which will be determined, initially, on each Issue Date fo r 
the relevant Series of Covered Bond and then on each Calculation Date and which will be equal to the 
aggregate amount of (a) one fourth of the annual amount payable under items (ii) and (iv) of the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment; and (b) any interest amounts due on the Covered Bond on the 
next CB Payment Date. 
Reserve Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Account Bank, IBAN: IT09W1063101600000070201383, or such other substitute account as may be opened 
in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement means any residential mortgage loan agreement o ut o f which 
Receivables arise. 
Residential Mortgage Loan means, pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of MEF Decree, a residential 
mortgage loan in respect of which the relevant amount outstanding added to the principal amount 
outstanding of any higher ranking mortgage loans secured by the same property, does not exceed 80 per cent

--- Page 197 ---
197 
of the value of the property and for which the hardening period with respect to the perfection of the relevant 
mortgage has elapsed. 
Revolving Period means the period of time during the which Mediobanca may issue several Series o f 
Covered Bonds under the Programme pursuant to art. 7-bis of the Law 130/99. 
Rules (Regolamento dei Portatori dei Covered Bond) means the rules of the organisation of the 
Bondholders, attached to the Conditions and forming an integral part thereof. 
Retention Amount means an amount equal to Euro 50,000. 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date means: 
(i) 
(a) the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Amounts is 
reached, and (b) only with respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the later of (i) the day which is two Business Days following 
the service of the Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts and 
(ii) the relevant Scheduled Payment Date; or  
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specified that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Scheduled Payment Date that would have applied if the 
Maturity Date of such series or tranche of Covered Bonds had been the Extended Maturity Date o r 
such other Scheduled Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Scheduled Interest means in respect of each Scheduled Payment Date following the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice to the Guarantor, an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have been 
due and payable under the Covered Bonds on such Scheduled Payment Date as specified in the Terms and 
Conditions falling on or after the service of an Issuer Default Notice to the Guarantor (but excluding any 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts).  
Scheduled Payment Date means, in relation to any payments due under the Guarantee, each CB Payment 
Date or, if applicable under the relevant Final Terms, each Optional Redemption Date.  
Scheduled Principal means in respect of each Scheduled Payment Date following the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice to the Guarantor, an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have 
been due and repayable under the Covered Bonds on such Scheduled Payment dates as specified in the 
Terms and Conditions (but excluding any Excluded Scheduled Principal Amount).  
Screen Rate Determination means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6 (b) (Screen Rate Determination). 
Secured Creditors (Creditori Garantiti) means the Bondholders, the Seller, the Servicer, the Subordinated 
Lender, the Investment Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Asset 
Monitor, the Cover Pool Swap Counterparty, the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, the Account Bank, the 
Paying Agents, the Test Report Provider, the Interest Determination Agent, the Registered Paying Agent (if 
any), the Registrar (if any), the Corporate Servicer and the Portfolio Manager (if any). 
Securities Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank, No. T55U1063101600000070201381, or such other substitute account as may be opened 
in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Security Interest (Garanzia degli Attivi) means any Mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, encumbrance and any 
other security interest or personal guarantee (garanzie reali o personali) granted in favour o f the Seller in

--- Page 198 ---
198
relation to each Mortgage Loan, Mortgage Loan Agreement or Receivables (except fo r the fidejussioni 
omnibus which have not been granted exclusively in relation to or in connection with the Mo rtgage Loans, 
Mortgage Loan Agreements or Receivables).  
Segregation Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.1 (Segregation Event). 
Selected Assets means the Eligible Assets and the Integration Assets selected by the Portfolio Manager or 
by the Servicer pursuant to Clause 5 of the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
Seller (Cedente) means CheBanca in its capacity as such pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Series or Series of Covered Bonds (Serie) means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the c ontext o f 
the Programme. 
Servicer means CheBanca in its capacity as such pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
Servicing Agreement (Contratto di Servicing) means the agreement entered into, on 30 November, 2011, 
between the Guarantor and the Servicer. 
Settlement Report Date means the fifth Business Day before the Guarantor Payment Date. 
Short-Term Deposit Rating means the short-term rating which may be assigned from Fitch to a bank 
account provider. 
Short-Term IDR means, with reference to an institution, the short-term issuer default rating (IDR) 
assigned from Fitch to such institution. 
Short-Term Rating means (i) with reference to the Account Bank or the Swap Collateral Account Bank, a 
Short-Term Deposit Rating (if assigned from Fitch) or a Short-Term IDR (where no  Short-Term Deposit 
Rating is assigned from Fitch); and (ii) in any other case, a Short-Term IDR. 
Specific Criteria (Criteri Specifici) means the eligibility criteria, other than the General Criteria, related to 
each Portfolio, as specified (i) in the Schedule I – Part II of the Master Purchase Agreement, with respect to 
the Initial Portfolio and (ii) in the Schedule I – Part III of the Master Purchase Agreement, with respect to 
each Subsequent Portfolio and Further Portfolio. 
Specified Currency means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms).  
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, as agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Specified Office means (i) in the case of the Interest Determination Agent, Bnp Paribas Securities Services, 
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 3, Milano, Italy ; or (ii) in the case of any other Paying Agent, the offices specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or (iii) in the case of the Calculation Agent, CheBanca, Viale Bodio 37, Palazzo 4, 20158 
Milano, or, in each case, such other office in the same city or town as such agent may specify by notice to the 
Issuer and the other parties to the Cash Management Agreement in the manner provided therein. 
Subordinated Lender means CheBanca, in its capacity as such pursuant to the Subordinated Lo an 
Agreement. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (Contratto di Finanziamento Subordinato) means, collectively, the 
Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement and each Subsequent Subordinated Loan Agreement.

--- Page 199 ---
199
Subordinated Loan (Finanziamento Subordinato) means each subordinated lo an granted by the 
Subordinated Lender in favour of the Guarantor pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Subsequent Portfolios (Portafogli Successivi) means any portfolio of Eligible A ssets which may be 
purchased by the Guarantor in order to allow Mediobanca to issue other Series of Covered Bonds during the 
Revolving Period pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Subsequent Subordinated Loan Agreement (Contratto di Finanziamento Subordinato Successivo) 
means each subordinated loan agreement entered into between the Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor 
prior to each Issue Date, other than the First Issue Date. 
Subsequent Subordinated Loan (Finanziamento Subordinato Successivo) means each subordinated 
loan granted by the Subordinated Lender in favour of the Guarantor pursuant to each Subsequent 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Subsidiary has the meaning given to it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Suspension Period means the period of suspension of payments pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Act. 
Swap Agreements means (i) the Cover Pool Swap Agreement and (ii) the Covered Bond Swap Agreement.  
Swap Collateral Account means the bank account established in the name o f the Guarantor with the 
Swap Collateral Account Bank with number 000800882305 (Iban code: IT 7 8 W 0347 9 01600 
000800882305) or such other substitute account bank as may be o pened in accordance with the Swap 
Agreements for the deposit of the collateral which may be due to the Guarantor by the Swap Counterparties 
under the relevant Credit Support Annex. 
Swap Collateral Account Bank means BNP Paribas Securities Services, Milan Branch. 
T ARGET Settlement Day means any day on which the TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in Euro. 
T ARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment 
system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007.  
T ax (Tassa) means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental c harges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any political sub-division 
thereof or any authority thereof or therein. 
T ax Deduction means a deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax. 
T erms and Conditions means the terms and conditions attached as Sc hedule 1  to the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
T est Grace Period means the period starting on the date on which the breach of any Test is notified by the 
Test Report Provider and ending on the following Calculation Date. 
T est Performance Report means the report to be delivered, on each Calculation Date, by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to Clause 3 of the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
T ests means, collectively, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test andthe Amortisation Test. 
T otal Balance Guaranteed Swap is a swap agreement aimed at providing a c omplete hedge against 
interest rate differentials in the SPV (i.e. the Guarantor), including the negative c arry eventually arising

--- Page 200 ---
200
between the interests matured on the Accounts and on the Integration Assets and Eligible Investments (if 
any) and the coupons to be paid on the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
T ransaction Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank, IBAN: IT59Z1063101600000070201378, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
T ransaction Documents (Documenti del Programma) means the Master Purchase Agreement, the 
Servicing Agreement, the Cash Management Agreement, the Po rtfolio Management Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, the Guarantee, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap Agreements, the Quotaholders' 
Agreement, the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge and the Master Definitions Agreement, as amended from 
time to time. 
T ransfer Date (Data di Cessione) means (i) with reference to the Initial Portfolio, the date on which have 
been carried out the Publicities pursuant to Clause 2.5 of the Master Purchase Agreement, and (ii) with 
reference to each Subsequent Portfolios, the date on which have been carried out the Publicities pursuant to 
Clause 3.6 of the Master Purchase Agreement.  
T ransfer Proposal (Proposta di Cessione) means the transfer proposal sent by the Seller to the Guarantor 
in relation to each Subsequent Portfolio or Further Portfolio pursuant to Clause 3.2 of the Master Purchase 
Agreement. 
Valuation Date (Data di Valutazione) means, in respect of the Initial Portfolio, the Initial Valuation Date 
and, in respect of each Subsequent Portfolio, the date on which the economic effects of the transfer o f the 
relevant Portfolio will commence. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Provisions means Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Provisions). 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Co ndition 10 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Series o f Covered Bonds and any o ther 
amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms give no such meaning or specify that such 
expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to such 
Transaction Document, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue 
Date of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
any reference to a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer and the 
Guarantor) shall, where the context permits, include any Person who, in accordance with the

--- Page 201 ---
201
terms of such Transaction Document, becomes a party thereto subsequent to the date 
thereof, whether by appointment as a successor to an existing party or by appointment o r 
otherwise as an additional party to such document and whether in respect of the Programme 
generally or in respect of a single Series only; and  
(vi) 
any reference in any legislation (whether primary legislation o r regulations o r o ther 
subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference 
to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended o r re-
enacted. 
3. 
DENOMINATION, FORM AND TITLE  
3.1 
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic 
Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a c urrency o ther than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
3.2 
The Covered Bonds are and will be issued in dematerialised form (forma dematerializzata) and will 
be wholly and exclusively deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 
83-bis and ff. of the Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 and (ii) the Joint Resolution, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time, through the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holder.  
3.3 
Covered Bond will at all time be evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferable by means o f, 
book-entries in accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 83-bis and ff. of the Legislative Decree 
no. 58 of 24 February 1998 and (ii) the Joint Resolution, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented from time to time. The Covered Bonds will be held by Monte Titoli o n behalf o f the 
Bondholders until redemption or cancellation thereof for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holder. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Clearstream and Euroclear. 
3.4 
No certificate or physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
4. 
ST ATUS AND GUARANTEE 
4.1 
Status of the Covered Bonds: The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference among 
themselves and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all o ther present 
and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In 
the event of a compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds 
realised and payable to the Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor on their behalf and will be 
included in the Cover Pool, in accordance with the provisions of Article 4, Paragraph 3 o f the MEF 
Decree. 
4.2 
Status of the Guarantee: The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of each Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds when due for payment pursuant to the Conditions will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor in accordance with the Guarantee – pursuant to which the 
obligations of the Guarantor constitute direct and unconditional, unsubordinated and limited 
recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover Pool as provided under the Covered 
Bonds Law and these Conditions. The recourse of the Bo ndholders to the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee will be limited to the amounts received or recovered by the Guarantor in respect of the

--- Page 202 ---
202 
assets comprised into the Cover Pool. Payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be 
made subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments.  
4.3 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct and unconditional, 
unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover Pool 
as provided under the Covered Bonds Law. The recourse of the Bondholders to the Guarantor under 
the Guarantee will be limited to the assets of the Cover Pool subject to, and in accordance with, the 
relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which specified payments will be made to o ther parties 
prior to payments to the Bondholders 
5. 
FIXED RATE PROVISIONS 
This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the “Fixed Rate Provisions” are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest on their outstanding principal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear o n each CB 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) until the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by the relevant 
Bondholders or on their behalf by the Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bo nd fo r 
any CB Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered Bonds 
are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in 
respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(c) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered 
Bond for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit o f the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency o ther 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6. 
FLOATING RATE PROVISIONS  
This Condition 6 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the “Floating Rate Provisions” are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest on their outstanding principal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear o n each CB 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until the day o n which all 
sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by the relevant 
Bondholders or on their behalf by the Paying Agent.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
(b) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate o f 
Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be determined by 
the Interest Determination Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Interest Determination Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time o n the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Interest Determination Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Sc reen Page as o f the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the c ase of 
(ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either c ase, the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Interest Determination Agent will: 
(A) 
request the main Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and  
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and  
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Interest 
Determination Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the 
nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Interest Determination Agent) 
quoted by major banks in the Main Financial Centre o f the Specified Currency, 
selected by the Interest Determination Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local 
time in the Main Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day o f the 
relevant CB Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European 
banks for a period equal to the relevant CB Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such CB Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if 
the Interest Determination Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an 
arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any CB Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during such CB Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding CB Interest Period. 
(c) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be the sum o f the Margin 
and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any CB Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined 
by the Interest Determination Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Interest 
Determination Agent were acting as Interest Determination Agent for that interest rate swap

--- Page 204 ---
204 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Fallback Provisions: if the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to, 
on or following any Interest Determination Date, that a Reference Rate Event has occurred, 
the Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant 
Interest Determination Date) appoint an agent (the “Reference Rate Determination 
Agent”), which will not later than the date which falls fifteen (15) calendar days before the 
end of the Interest Period relating to the relevant Interest Determination Date (the 
“Interest Determination Cut-off Date”) determine in a c ommercially reasonable 
manner whether a successor rate for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on each 
Interest Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially 
comparable to the discontinued Reference Rate is available.  
(i) 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an industry 
accepted successor rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will use such 
successor rate to determine the Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent has determined a successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, 
the “Replacement Reference Rate”), for purposes of determining the Reference 
Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination: (a) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent will also determine changes (if any) to  the 
business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination 
date, the day count fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement 
Reference Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement 
Reference Rate comparable to the discontinued Reference Rate, in each c ase in a 
manner that is consistent with industry accepted practices for such Replacement 
Reference Rate; (b) references to the Reference Rate in the Conditions and the Final 
Terms applicable to the relevant Covered Bonds will be deemed to be references to 
the Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for determining 
such rate as described in paragraph (a) above; (c) the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent will notify the Issuer, the Interest Determination Agent and to the 
Representative of the Bondholders of the foregoing as soon as reasonably 
practicable; and (d) the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to 
the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent specifying the 
Replacement Reference Rate, as well as the details described in paragraph (a) above. 
(ii)  
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the o ther matters 
referred to above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Interest

--- Page 205 ---
205 
Determination Agent, the Paying Agent and the Bo ndholders, unless the Issuer 
considers at a later date that the Replacement Reference Rate is no longer 
substantially comparable to the Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry 
accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall re-appoint a Reference Rate 
Determination Agent (which may or may not be the same entity as the original 
Reference Rate Determination Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement 
Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Reference Rate in an 
identical manner as described in paragraph (i) above, which will then (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agent and the Bondholders. If the Reference Rate Determination A gent is 
unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement Reference Rate, 
then the last known Replacement Reference Rate will apply. 
(iii)  
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event 
has occurred, but for any reason a Replacement Reference Rate has not been 
determined by the immediately following Interest Determination Cut-off Date, no  
Replacement Reference Rate will be adopted, and the Relevant Screen Page on which 
appears the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to  the last 
Reference Rate available at the immediately preceding Interest Period o n the 
Relevant Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iv)  
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (a) a leading bank o r a broker-
dealer in the principal financial center of the Specified Currency (which may include 
one of the Dealers involved in the issue of a Series of Covered Bonds) as appointed by 
the Issuer; (b) the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer (in which case any such 
determination shall be made in consultation with an independent financial advisor); 
(c) the Interest Determination Agent o r (d) any o ther entity which the Issuer 
considers has the necessary competences to carry out such role, to be appointed by 
the Issuer with a prior notice to the Representative of the Bondholders. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Interest Determination Agent will, as soon as 
practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each 
CB Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered Bo nd 
for such CB Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest for such CB Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Covered Bo nd 
divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any 
currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is 
to be calculated by the Interest Determination Agent, then the Interest Determination Agent 
will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is to be 
determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be c alculated by the 
Interest Determination Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Publication: The Interest Determination Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant CB Payment Date, and any o ther 
amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be

--- Page 206 ---
206 
notified to the Paying Agent(s) and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case o f 
each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and CB Payment Date) in any event not later than the 
first day of the relevant CB Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Bondholders. The Interest Determination Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest 
Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the relevant CB Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination, the Interest Determination Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Covered Bond having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, c ertificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained fo r the purposes o f this 
Condition by the Interest Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agent(s), the Bondholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Interest Determination A gent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for 
such purposes. 
7. 
ZERO COUPON PROVISIONS 
This Condition 7 is applicable to the Covered Bo nds o nly if the “Zero Co upon Provisions” are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: If the Redemption A mount payable in 
respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and  
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) 
the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf 
of the relevant Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Interest 
Determination Agent has notified the Bondholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the extent that 
there is any subsequent default in payment). 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: To the extent outstanding, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 8(b) 
(Extension of maturity) and Condition 9 (Payments). 
(b) 
Extension of maturity: Without prejudice to Conditions 11 (Segregation Ev ent) and 1 4 
(Events of Default), if an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms for a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and the Issuer has failed to pay the 
Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms and, 
the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent on its behalf determines that the Guarantor has 
insufficient moneys available under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed

--- Page 207 ---
207
Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in full in respect o f the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on the date falling on the Extension Determination Date, 
then (subject as provided below), payment of the unpaid amount by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee shall be deferred until the Extended Maturity Date provided that any amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid after the Ex tension 
Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any relevant Payment Date thereafter 
up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
The Guarantor shall notify the relevant holders of the Covered Bonds (in accordance with 
Condition 17  (Notices), any relevant Swap Counterparties, the Rating Agency, the 
Representative of the Bondholders and the Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable 
and in any event at least one Business Day prior to the date specified in the preceding 
paragraph of any inability of the Guarantor to pay in full on the Extension Determination 
Date the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect o f 
the Covered Bonds pursuant to the Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such 
parties shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights 
in any such party. 
In these circumstances, on the Extension Determination Date the Guarantor shall pay (i) 
Guaranteed Amounts constituting the Scheduled Interest in respect of each such Covered 
Bond and (ii) to the extent that the Guarantor has sufficient Available Funds (as defined 
below), in part and pro rata (after paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari 
passu amounts in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments) the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Series or Tranches o f Covered Bo nds. The o bligation of the 
Guarantor to pay any amounts in respect of the balance of the Final Redemption Amount not 
so paid shall be deferred as described above. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period and be 
payable on the Maturity Date and on each Sc heduled Payment Date up to and on the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the o ption o f the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or  
(ii) 
on any CB Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Bondholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption A mount (Tax), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided o r 
referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof o r 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application, administration or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date o f 
issue of the first Series or Tranche of the Covered Bonds; and

--- Page 208 ---
208
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it,  
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were then due; or  
(2) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on a CB Payment Date, 60 days prior 
to the CB Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Paying Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement o f facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
of and (B) an opinion of independent legal and fiscal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of 
such change or amendment and (C) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer shall have the amounts necessary in order to effect the early repayment at the 
date fixed for the redemption. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reason), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the 
Covered Bonds in accordance with this Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reason). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the “Call Option” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Co ndition 17 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Covered Bo nds 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part o nly o n any date in 
accordance with Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Covered Bonds 
to be redeemed in part shall be redeemed in the principal amount specified by the Issuer and 
the Covered Bonds will be so redeemed in accordance with the rules and procedures o f 
Monte Titoli and/or any other Relevant Clearing System (to be reflected in the records of 
such clearing systems as a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion), 
subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules o f each c ompetent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bo nds have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation. The notice to Bo ndholders referred to in 
Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the proportion o f the 
Covered Bonds so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount o r Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified.  
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Bondholders: If the “Put Option” is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of any Bo ndholder redeem

--- Page 209 ---
209 
such Covered Bonds held by it on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the 
relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with 
interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the o ption contained in this 
Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of the Bondholders), the Bondholder must, not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit 
with the Paying Agent a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from the 
Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Put Option Notice is so deposited shall deliver 
a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the deposit in Bo ndholder. Once deposited in 
accordance with this Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of the Bondholders), no duly 
completed Put Option Notice may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any Covered Bonds become immediately due and 
payable or, upon due presentation of any such Covered Bo nds o n the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld o r 
refused, the Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the Bondholder at such address as 
may have been given by such Bondholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold 
such Covered Bond against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Covered Bonds are held by the Paying Agent in accordance with this Co ndition 
8(f) (Redemption at the option of the Bondholders), the Bo ndholder and no t the Paying 
Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Covered Bonds for all purposes. 
(g) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bo nds 
otherwise than as provided in Conditions 8(a) (Scheduled redemption) to (f) (Redemption at 
the option of Bondholders) above. 
(h) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Co upon Covered 
Bonds at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed fo r 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Covered Bonds become 
due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis o f such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 
8(h) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(i) 
Cancellation: All Covered Bonds so redeemed shall be cancelled and may not be reissued. 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Covered Bo nds in 
the open market or otherwise and at any price. The Guarantor shall not purchase any 
Covered Bonds at any time. 
9. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems: Payment of interest and repayment of principal in respect o f 
the Covered Bonds will be credited, in accordance with the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Paying 
Agent on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the accounts of those banks 
and authorised brokers whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Covered Bonds and

--- Page 210 ---
210
thereafter credited by such banks and authorised brokers from such aforementioned accounts to the 
accounts of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds or through the Relevant Clearing Sy stems 
to the accounts with the Relevant Clearing Systems of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and of the Relevant Clearing Systems, as 
the case may be. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases 
to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation). No commissions o r expenses shall be c harged to 
Bondholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Payments on Business Days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect o f any Covered 
Bond is not a Payment Business Day in the Place of Payment, the Bondholder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such 
place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
10. 
T AXATION 
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction fo r o r o n 
account of, any present or future Taxes, unless the withholding o r deduction o f such Taxes is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt 
by the Bondholders after such withholding or deduction o f such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding o r deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
in respect of any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or proceed of any Covered 
Bonds on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Decree No. 239 and related regulations 
of implementation which have been or may be enacted and in all circumstances in which the 
procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 have not been met or complied with; or  
(ii) 
in respect of any Covered Bond where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to 
Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as amended; or  
(iii) 
in respect of any Covered Bond where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to 
Italian Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, converted into Law No. 649 of 25 
November 1983, as amended; 
(iv) 
held by or on behalf of a Bondholder which is liable to such Taxes in respect of such Covered 
Bonds by reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such Taxes 
have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that a holder would have been entitled to additional amounts on presenting the 
same for payment on the last day of the period of 30 days assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Business Day (as defined in Condition 9 (Payments)).or  
(vi) 
held by or on behalf of a Bondholder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by presenting the relevant Covered Bond to another Paying Agent in a Member 
State of the EU.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction o ther than 
the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as 
references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due but, if the full amount of the 
moneys payable has not been received by the Agent on or before the due date, it means the date o n 
which, the full amount of money having been so received, notice to that effect has been duly given to  
the Bondholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
11. 
SEGREGATION EVENT 
11.1 
Segregation Event 
A Segregation Event will occur upon the notification by the Test Report Provider that a breach of the 
Mandatory Tests and/or the Asset Coverage Test (as detailed in the relevant Test Performance 
Report) has not been remedied within the Test Grace Period. 
Upon the occurrence of a Segregation Event the Representative of the Bondholders will serve notice 
(the “Breach of Test Notice”) on the Issuer and the Guarantor that a Segregation Event has 
occurred. 
In such case: 
(a) 
no further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may be issued by the Issuer; 
(b) 
the purchase price for any Eligible Assets o r Integration Assets to be acquired by the 
Guarantor shall be paid only using the proceeds of the Subordinated Loan, except where the 
breach referred to in the Breach of Test Notice is related to the Interest Coverage Test and 
may be cured by using the Available Funds. 
It is understood that: 
(i) 
the consequences set out in paragraph (a) and (b) above shall be applied at any time if a Test 
is not compliant with the Covered Bonds Law and/or the provisions of the Portfolio 
Management Agreement;  
 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Segregation Event and until an Issuer Default Notice has been 
delivered, payments due under the Covered Bonds will continue to be made by the Issuer. 
After the service of a Breach of Test Notice on the Guarantor, the Guarantor (or the Servicer o n 
behalf of the Guarantor) may sell the Eligible Assets and the Integration Assets included in the Cover 
Pool in accordance with the Portfolio Management Agreement, subject to the rights of pre-emption 
in favour of the Seller in respect of such Eligible Assets and Integration A ssets pursuant to the 
Master Purchase Agreement and the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
12. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
12.1 
Issuer Events of Default  
If any of the following events (each, an “Issuer Event of Default”) occurs: 
(a) 
Non payment: Default is made by the Issuer (a) for a period o f 14 days o r more in the 
payment of any principal or redemption amount due on the relevant CB Pay ment Date in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche, or (b) for a period of 14 days or more

--- Page 212 ---
212 
in the payment of any interest amount due on the relevant CB Payment Date in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche; or  
(b) 
Breach of Tests: Following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the Mandatory Test and 
the Asset Coverage Test have not been cured within the immediately succeeding Calculation 
Date; or  
(c) 
Breach of other obligations: The Issuer has incurred into a material default in the 
performance or observance of any of its obligations under or in respect of the outstanding 
Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche (other than any o bligation fo r the payment of 
principal, redemption amount or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds o f any Series o r 
Tranche and/or any obligation to ensure compliance of the Cover Pool with the Mandatory 
Test and the Asset Coverage Test) or any other Transaction Document to which the Issuer is 
a party and (unless certified by the Representative of the Bondholders, in its sole opinion, to 
be incapable of remedy) such default remains unremedied for more than 30 days after the 
Representative of the Bondholders has promptly given written notice thereof to the Issuer, 
certifying that such default is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Bondholders and specifying whether or not such default is capable of remedy; or  
(d) 
Insolvency: An Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Issuer; or  
(e) 
Suspension of payments: A resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Act is issued in 
respect of the Issuer, 
the Representative of the Bondholders shall promptly serve to the Issuer, the Seller and the 
Guarantor a notice declaring that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred (the “Issuer Default 
Notice”), specifying, in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under (e) (Suspension of 
payments) above, that the Issuer Event of Default may be of temporary nature. It being understood 
that (i) a breach of the Mandatory Test or the Asset Coverage Test to the extent that it has not been 
cured, constitutes an Issuer Event of Default unless the Representative of the Bondholders, having 
exercised its discretion, resolves otherwise or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed resolving 
otherwise.  
12.2 
 Effect of the service of an Issuer Default Notice 
Upon the service of an Issuer Default Notice to the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor: 
(a) 
No further issue: No further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may be issued by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Acceleration against the Issuer: All Series of Covered Bonds will become immediately due 
and payable by the Issuer and they will rank pari passu among themselves against the 
Issuer; 
(c) 
Enforcement: The Representative of the Bondholders may, at its discretion and without 
further notice, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may 
think fit to enforce the payments due by the Issuer, but it shall not be bound to take any such 
proceeding or steps unless requested or authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Bondholders; 
(d) 
Guarantee: Without prejudice to paragraph (b) (Acceleration against the Issuer) above, 
interest and principal falling due on the Covered Bonds will be payable by the Guarantor at 
the time and in the manner provided under these Conditions, subject to and in accordance 
with the terms of the Guarantee and the relevant Priority of Payments;

--- Page 213 ---
213 
(e) 
Disposal of Assets: The Guarantor shall sell the Eligible Assets and the Integration Assets 
included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the Portfolio Management Agreement; 
(f) 
Tests: the Amortisation Test shall apply;  
provided that, (A) in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under Co ndition 1 2.1 (d) 
(Insolvency) above, (i) the payments due by the Issuer in favour of the Bondholders under the Terms 
and Conditions shall be directly made by the Guarantor on any Scheduled Due fo r Payment Date 
under the Guarantee and (ii) the Guarantor shall exercise, on an exclusive basis and in compliance 
with the provisions of art. 4 of the MEF Decree, the rights of the Bondholders against the Issuer and 
any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Available Funds; and (B) in c ase of the 
Issuer Event of Default referred to under Condition 12.1 (e) (Suspension of payments) above, the 
effects listed in items (a) (No further issue), (d) (Guarantee) and (e) (Disposal o f Assets) o f this 
Condition 12.2 (Effect of the service of an Issuer Default Notice) will only apply fo r as long as the 
suspension of payments will be in force and effect (the “Suspension Period”); being understood 
that the effects listed in items (b) (Acceleration against the Issuer), (c) (Enforcement) and (f) (Tests) 
will not be applicable (i.e. during the Suspension Period the Mandatory Test and the Asset Coverage 
Test shall continue to be applied). Accordingly (i) the Guarantor, in accordance with MEF Decree, 
shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bo nds 
during the Suspension Period and (ii) at the end o f the Suspension Period the Issuer shall be 
responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance o f 
doubts, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer). 
12.3 
Guarantor Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, a “Guarantor Event of Default”) occurs: 
(a) 
Non payment: Default is made by the Guarantor fo r a period of 1 4 days o r more in the 
payment by the Guarantor of any amounts due for payment in respect of the Covered Bo nds 
of any Series or Tranche; or 
(b) 
Breach of Test: On any Calculation Date a breach of the Amortisation Test occurs (to the 
extent that such breach has not cured within the following Calculation Date); 
(c) 
Breach of other obligations: Default is made in the performance by the Guarantor o f any 
material obligation under or in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche (other 
than any obligation for the payment of principal, redemption amount or interest in respect of 
the Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche and/or any obligation to ensure compliance o f 
the Cover Pool with the Amortisation Test) or any other Transaction Document to which the 
Guarantor is a party and (unless certified by the Representative of the Bo ndholders, in its 
sole opinion, to be incapable of remedy) such default remains unremedied for more than 30 
days after the Representative of the Bondholders has given written no tice thereof to the 
Guarantor, certifying that such default is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Bondholders and specifying whether or not such default is capable of remedy; 
(d) 
Insolvency: An Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Guarantor; 
then the Representative of the Bondholders (i) in cases under (a), (b) and (d) above, may but shall, if 
so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Bondholders, and (ii) in c ase under (c) above, 
shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Bondholders, serve to the Issuer, the 
Seller and the Guarantor a notice declaring that a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred (the 
“Guarantor Default Notice”).

--- Page 214 ---
214
12.4 
Effect of the service of a Guarantor Default Notice 
Upon the service of a Guarantor Default Notice to the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor: 
(a) 
Acceleration of the Covered Bonds: All Series o f Covered Bo nds then o utstanding will 
become immediately due and payable by the Guarantor and will rank pari passu among 
themselves in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments; 
(b) 
Disposal of Assets: The Guarantor shall immediately sell all assets included in the Cover Pool 
in accordance with the procedures set out in the Portfolio Management Agreement; 
(c) 
Guarantee: The Representative of the Bondholders, subject to and in accordance with the 
terms of the Guarantee, on behalf of the Bondholders, shall have a claim against the 
Guarantor for an amount equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding on each Covered Bond, 
together with accrued interest and any other amount due under the Covered Bo nds (other 
than additional amounts payable under Co ndition 10 (a) (Gross up by the Issuer)) in 
accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments; and  
(d) 
Enforcement: The Representative of the Bondholders may, at its discretion and without 
further notice, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against the Issuer o r the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) as it may think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not 
be bound to take any such proceedings o r steps unless requested o r authorised by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Bondholders and then o nly if it is indemnified and/or 
secured to its satisfaction. 
12.5 
Determinations, etc: 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 1 2 by the Representative o f the 
Bondholders shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding o n the 
Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor and all Bondholders and (in such absence as aforesaid) no  liability 
to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Seller or the Guarantor shall attach to the Representative o f the 
Bondholders in connection with the exercise or non exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions hereunder. 
13. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall become void unless made within ten y ears (in 
respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) from the due date thereof. 
14. 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
(a) 
Organisation of the Bondholders: The Organisation of the Bondholders shall be established 
upon, and by virtue of, the issue of the first Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme 
and shall remain in force and in effect until repayment in full or c ancellation o f all the 
Covered Bonds of whatever Series. 
The appointment of the Representative of the Bondholders as legal representative o f the 
Organisation of the Bondholders is made by the Bondholders subject to and in accordance 
with the Rules. 
(b) 
Initial appointment: In the Programme A greement, the Dealers have appointed the 
Representative of the Bondholders to perform the activities described in the Intercreditor

--- Page 215 ---
215 
Agreement, in the Programme Agreement, in these Conditions (including the Rules), and in 
the other Transaction Documents and the Representative of the Bondholders has accepted 
such appointment for the period commencing on the Issue Date and ending (subject to early 
termination of its appointment) on the date on which all of the Covered Bonds o f whatever 
Series have been cancelled or redeemed in accordance with their respective terms and 
conditions. 
(c) 
Acknowledgment by Bondholders: Each Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Bondholders as its representative and (to the 
fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by the Transaction Documents; 
and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Dealers shall not be liable in respect of any loss, 
liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the Bondholders 
as a result of the performance by the Representative of the Bondholders of its duties 
or the exercise of any of its rights under the Transaction Documents. 
15. 
AGENTS 
In acting under the Cash Management Agreement and in connection with the Covered Bonds, the 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, following service of an Issuer Default Notice or a 
Guarantor Default Notice, as agents of the Guarantor and do not assume any obligations towards o r 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Bondholders. 
The Paying Agent and its initial Specified Office is set out in these Conditions. Any additional Paying 
Agents and their Specified Offices are specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
and to appoint a successor paying agent and additional o r successor paying agents; provided, 
however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a paying agent; and  
(b) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a paying agent in an EU member 
state that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct Tax pursuant to European Co uncil 
Directive 2003/48/EC or any other Directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN 
Council meeting of 26-27 November 2000, o r any law o r agreement implementing o r 
complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive; and  
(c) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall 
maintain a Paying Agent having its specified office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given 
to the Bondholders.

--- Page 216 ---
216
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Bondholders, create and issue further 
Covered Bonds under the Programme, provided that Fitch will have confirmed in writing that such 
issuance does not adversely affect the then current ratings of the then outstanding Covered Bonds. 
17. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Notices given through Monte Titoli: Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the 
Covered Bonds are held through Monte Titoli, shall be deemed to have been duly given if 
given through the systems of Monte Titoli. 
(b) 
Publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange: As lo ng as the Covered 
Bonds are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so 
require, any notice to the Covered Bondholders shall also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
(c) 
Other publication: The Representative of the Bondholders shall be at liberty to sanction any 
other method of giving notice to Bondholders if, in its o pinion, such other method is 
reasonable having regard to market practice then prevailing and to the rules of the 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the Covered Bo nds 
are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and provided that notice of such other 
method is given to the holders of the Covered Bonds in such manner as the Representative of 
the Bondholders shall require. 
18. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with o ne half c ent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Y en amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the 
nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law: These Covered Bonds are governed by, and will be construed in accordance 
with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute 
that may arise in relation to the Covered Bonds or their validity, interpretation or 
performance. 
(c) 
Relevant legislation: Anything not expressly provided fo r in these Co nditions will be 
governed by the provisions of the Covered Bonds Law.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
 
T ITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1 
The Organisation of the Bondholders in respect of each Series or Tranche of Covered Bo nds issued 
under the Programme by Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. is created concurrently 
with the issue and subscription of the Covered Bonds of each such Series or Tranche and is governed 
by these Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders (the “Rules”). 
1.2 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the Covered 
Bonds of whatever Series or Tranche. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Terms and Co nditions o f the 
Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche issued by the Issuer. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
Block Voting Instruction means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the Paying Agent 
or by the Registrar, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in case of a Covered Bond issued in a dematerialised form, certifying that specified Covered 
Bonds will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) the notification to the Paying Agent not less than 48 hours before the time fixed fo r the 
Meeting (or, if the meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed fo r its resumption) o f 
confirmation that the Covered Bonds are Blocked Covered Bonds and notification of the 
release thereof by the Paying Agent to the Issuer; 
(b) 
in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, certifying that specified Covered Bo nds 
have been blocked with the Registrar and will not be released until the c onclusion o f the 
Meeting;  
(c) 
certifying that the Holder of the relevant Covered Bonds, or the registered holder in c ase of 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form, of the relevant Blocked Covered Bo nds or a duly 
authorised person on its behalf has notified the Paying Agent or the Registrar that the votes 
attributable to such Covered Bonds are to be cast in a particular way on each resolution to be 
put to the Meeting and that during the period of 48 hours before the time fixed fo r the 
Meeting such instructions may not be amended or revoked; and 
(d) 
authorising a Proxy to vote in accordance with such instructions.  
Blocked Covered Bonds means (i) the Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an account 
with a clearing system or otherwise are held to the order of or under the control of the Paying Agent, 
or (ii) in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, such Covered Bo nds which have been

--- Page 218 ---
218
blocked with the Registrar, for the purpose of obtaining from the Paying Agent and/or the Registrar a 
Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate on terms that they will not be released until after the 
conclusion of the Meeting in respect of which the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate is 
required.  
Chairman means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance with 
Article 27 (Chairman of the Meeting).  
Event of Default means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Extraordinary Resolution means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than three quarters 
of the votes cast.  
Holder means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner o f such Covered Bonds and, in 
respect of the Covered Bonds issued in registered fo rm, the ultimate registered o wner o f such 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form, as set out in the Register;. 
Liabilities means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, c laims, actions o r 
demands, judgments, proceeding or other liabilities whatsoever (including, without limitation, in 
respect of taxes, duties, levies and other charges) and including value added, taxes or similar tax 
charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis. 
Meeting means a meeting of Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed following an 
adjournment). 
Monte Titoli Account Holder means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to 
hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) in accordance 
with Article 83-quater of the Legislative Decree no. 5 8 o f 24 February 1 998 and includes any 
depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System. 
Ordinary Resolution means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly c onvened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more than 50% of the votes 
cast; 
Programme Resolution means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the 
Bondholders of all Series, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions c ontained in 
these Rules to direct the Representative of the Bondholders to take steps and/or institute 
proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant to Condition 12.2 (Effect of the service o f 
an Issuer Default Notice) and 12.4 (Effect of the service of a Guarantor Default Notice) as 
applicable, or other similar Condition with reference to Covered Bonds issued in registered form. 
Proxy means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person appointed 
to vote under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than:  
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Paying Agent 
or the Registrar has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours 
before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; and  
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want o f a quorum 
and who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
Rating Agency means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited.

--- Page 219 ---
219
Register means any register held by the Registrar for the purpose o f recording payments and 
assignments of Covered Bonds issued in registered form. 
Registered Paying Agent means any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in 
respect of the Covered Bonds issued in a registered form under the Programme. 
Registrar means any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as registrar in respect 
of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer 
will keep the register and will not delegate such activity, any reference to the Registrar will be 
construed as a reference to the Issuer. 
Resolutions means the Ordinary Resolutions and the Extraordinary Resolutions, collectively. 
Series Reserved Matter has the meaning given to it under Article 7 below. 
Swap Rate means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bo nds, the exchange rate 
specified in the respective Swap Agreement relating to such Covered Bo nd o r Series o f Covered 
Bonds or, if the respective Swap Agreement has terminated, the applicable spot rate. 
T ransaction Party means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document. 
Voter means, in relation to a Meeting, the Holder or a Proxy named in a Voting Certificate, the 
bearer of a Voting Certificate issued by the Paying Agent or by a Registrar o r a Proxy named in a 
Block Voting Instruction. 
Voting Certificate means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate issued by the Monte Titoli 
Account Holder in accordance with the Joint Resolution, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented, or by a Registrar stating inter alia:  
(a) 
that the Blocked Notes specified therein will not be released until a specified date which falls 
after the conclusion of the Meeting; and  
(b) 
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such Meeting in respect of 
such Blocked Notes. 
Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more persons 
holding or representing at least 75 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Balance o f the Covered 
Bonds, whether contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by 
or on behalf of one or more of such Bondholders. 
24 hours means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day o n which banks are open fo r 
business both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and in the place where the Paying 
Agent has its specified office or, in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the Registrar has 
its specified office.; and  
48 hours means two consecutive periods of 24 hours Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, o r 
unless the context requires otherwise, words and expressions used in these Rules shall have the 
meanings and the construction ascribed to them in the Conditions.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
(a) 
any reference herein to an “Article” shall, except where expressly provided to the contrary, 
be a reference to an article of these Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders; 
(b) 
a “successor” of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee o r successor in 
title of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation o r 
domicile of such party has assumed the rights and o bligations o f such party under any 
Transaction Document or to which, under such laws, such rights and obligations have been 
transferred; and 
(c) 
any reference to any “Transaction Party” shall be construed so as to include its and any 
subsequent successors and transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall form a separate 
Series of Covered Bonds and accordingly, unless for any purpose the Representative of the 
Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise determine, the provisions of this sentence and 
of Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation of the Bondholders) to 23 (Meetings and Separate Series) 
and 27 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Bondholders) to 34 (Powers to Act on Behalf 
of the Guarantor) shall apply mutatis mutandis separately and independently to the Covered Bonds 
of each Series. However, for the purposes of this Article 2.3: 
(a) 
Articles 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration) and 26 (Resignation of the 
Representative of the Bondholders); and 
(b) 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation o f 
the Bondholders) to 23 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 27  (Duties and Powers of the 
Representative of the Bondholders) to 34 (Powers to Act on Behalf of the Guarantor),  
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such A rticles 
shall apply to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series and, in such 
Articles, the expressions “Covered Bonds” and “Bondholders” shall be construed accordingly. 
3. 
PURPOSE OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
3.1 
Each Covered Bondholder is a member of the Organisation of the Bondholders. 
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of the rights of the 
Bondholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or desirable to protect the interest o f 
the Bondholders. 
T ITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
4. 
CONVENING A MEETING 
4.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may convene separate o r 
combined Meetings of the Bondholders at any time and the Representative of the Bondholders shall

--- Page 221 ---
221 
be obliged to do so upon the request in writing by Bondholders representing at least one-tenth of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds.  
The Representative of the Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer or (in relation to a meeting fo r 
the passing of a Programme Resolution) the Bondholders of any Series may at any time and the 
Issuer shall upon a requisition in writing signed by the holders of not less than o ne-tenth o f the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding (the 
“Requisitioning Bondholders”) convene a meeting of the Bondholders and if the Issuer makes 
default for a period of seven days in convening such a meeting the same may be c onvened by the 
Representative of the Bondholders or the Requisitioning Bondholders. The Representative o f the 
Bondholders may convene a single meeting of the Bondholders of more than one Series if in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders there is no conflict between the holders o f the 
Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, in which event the provisions of this Sc hedule shall apply 
thereto mutatis mutandis. 
4.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in writing to the 
Representative of the Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and place of the Meeting, and 
the items to be included in the agenda. 
4.3 
T ime and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the 
Representative of the Bondholders. 
5. 
NOTICE 
5.1 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on which the relevant 
Meeting is to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be given to the 
relevant Bondholders, the Registrar and the Paying Agent, with a c opy to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by the Representative of the Bondholders, or with a c opy 
to the Representative of the Bondholders, where the Meeting is convened by the Issuer. 
5.2 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the 
Representative of the Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the 
resolution without including the full text and shall state that the Voting Certificate for the purpose o f 
such Meeting may be obtained from a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the provisions 
of the Joint Resolution and that for the purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates from the Paying 
Agent or appointing Proxies under a Block Voting Instruction, Bondholders must (to the satisfaction 
of the Paying Agent) be held to the order of or placed under the c ontrol o f the Paying Agent o r 
blocked in an account with a clearing system not later than 48 hours before the relevant Meeting. 
With reference to the Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the notice shall set out the full text o f 
any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the Representative of the Bo ndholders agrees 
that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the resolution without including the full text and 
shall state that Covered Bonds issued in registered form, may be blocked with the Registrar, or with 
any other entity authorised to do so by the Registrar, for the purposes of appointing Proxies under 
Block Voting Instructions until 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting and that holders o f

--- Page 222 ---
222
Covered Bonds issued in registered form may also appoint Proxies either under a Block Voting 
Instruction by delivering written instructions to the Registrar or the Registered Paying Agent o r by 
executing and delivering a form of Proxy to the registered office of the Registrar o r the Registered 
Paying Agent, in either case until 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting. 
5.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article are not complied with 
if the Bondholders constituting the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, the holders 
of which are entitled to attend and vote are represented at such Meeting and the Issuer and the 
Representative of the Bondholders are present. 
6. 
CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING 
6.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Bondholder), nominated by the Representative o f the 
Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
(a) 
the Representative of the Bondholders fails to make a nomination; 
or 
(b) 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes after the time 
fixed for the Meeting,  
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority o f the Voters present, failing 
which, the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the 
same person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
6.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, manages 
the business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and moderates the debate, 
and determines the mode of voting.  
6.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited to 
assist in any given matter, and may appoint one or more vote counters, who are not required to be 
Bondholders. 
7. 
QUORUM 
The quorum at any Meeting will be: 
(a) 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, one or more persons (including the Issuer if at any 
time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) holding or representing at least 50 per c ent 
of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the time 
being outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or representing 
Bondholders, whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds so held o r 
represented; or 
(b) 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (including the Issuer 
if at any time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) (subject as provided below), one o r

--- Page 223 ---
223
more persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. o f the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding or, at an 
adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or representing Bondholders of the relevant 
Series for the time being outstanding, whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Covered Bonds so held or represented; or 
(c) 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than in 
relation to a Programme Resolution) (each o f which shall, subject o nly to Article 31 
(Waiver), only be capable of being effected after having been approved by Extraordinary 
Resolution) namely:  
(i) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of 
the method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment 
or, where applicable, modification of the method of calculating the date of payment 
in respect of any principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to be 
made; 
(iii) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(iv) 
any amendment to the Guarantee or the Deed o f Pledge o r the Deed o f Charge 
(except in a manner determined by the Representative of the Bondholders not to be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders of any Series); 
(v) 
except in accordance with Articles 30 (Amendments and Mo difications) and 31 
(Waiver), the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, 
conversion or substitution of the Covered Bo nds for, o r the c onversion o f such 
Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer o r 
the Guarantor or any other person or body corporate, formed or to be formed; and  
(vi) 
alteration of this Article 7(c)(i), 
(each a “Series Reserved Matter”), the quorum shall be one or more persons (including 
the Issuer if at any time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) being o r representing 
holders of not less two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, one o r 
more persons being or representing not less than one-third of the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding. 
8. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
8.1 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes after the 
time fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) fo r 
which a quorum is present: 
(a) 
if such Meeting was convened upon the request of Bo ndholders, the Meeting shall be 
dissolved; and  
(b) 
in any other case, the Meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week (or if 
such day is a public holiday the next succeeding business day) at the same time and place 
(except in the case of a meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in 
which case it shall stand adjourned for such period, being not less than 1 3 clear days nor

--- Page 224 ---
224
more than 42 clear days, and to such place as may be appointed by the Chairman either at or 
subsequent to such meeting and approved by the Representative of the Bondholders). 
8.2 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) 
after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of 
any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) 
for which a quorum is present, the Chairman may either (with the approval of the Representative o f 
the Bondholders) dissolve such meeting or adjourn the same for such period, being not less than 13 
clear days (but without any maximum number of clear days), and to such place as may be appointed 
by the Chairman either at or subsequent to such adjourned meeting and approved by the 
Representative of the Bondholders. 
9. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
Except as provided in Article 8 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum), the Chairman may, with the 
prior consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting to 
another time and place. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business 
which might have been transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
10. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
10.1 
Notice required 
Article 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment fo r lack o f a 
quorum except that:  
(a) 
10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day on which 
the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
(b) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the 
Meeting resumes. 
10.2 
Notice not required 
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be necessary to 
give notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than those described in Article 
8 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum). 
11. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(i) 
Voters; 
(ii)  
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(iii)  
representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders; 
(iv)  
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders; 
(v)  
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders; and 
(vi) 
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the 
Representative of the Bondholders.

--- Page 225 ---
225
12. 
VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
12.1 
A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect o f a Meeting by requesting its 
Monte Titoli Account Holder to issue a certificate in accordance with the Joint Resolution. 
12.2 
A Covered Bondholder may also obtain from the Paying Agent or require the Paying Agent to issue a 
Block Voting Instruction by arranging for such Covered Bonds to be (to the satisfaction of the Paying 
Agent) held to its order or under its control or blocked in an account in a Relevant Clearing System 
(other than Monte Titoli) not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. 
12.3 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be v alid until the release of the Blocked 
Covered Bonds to which it relates. 
12.4 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the named therein as Ho lder o r 
Proxy (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder), the bearer thereof 
(in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by the Paying Agent), and any Proxy named therein (in the 
case of a Block Voting Instruction issued by the Paying Agent) shall be deemed to be the Ho lder o f 
the Covered Bonds to which it relates for all purposes in connection with the Meeting to which such 
Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
12.5 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect 
of the same Covered Bonds.  
12.6 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with the 
usual practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing System.  
12.7 
Any registered Holder may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging (to 
the satisfaction of the Registrar) for the related Covered Bo nds issued in registered fo rm to be 
blocked with the Registrar not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. The 
registered Holder may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction by delivering to the 
Registrar written instructions not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. 
Any registered Holder may obtain an uncompleted and unexecuted Form of Proxy from the 
Registrar. A Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Covered Bonds to 
which it relates. A Form of Proxy and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding 
simultaneously in respect of the same Bond. 
13. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
13.1 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder shall be 
valid for the purpose of the relevant Meeting only if it is deposited at the Specified Offic es of the 
Paying Agent or the Registrar, or at any other place approved by the Representative of the 
Bondholders, at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting 
Instruction or a Voting Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid unless 
the Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeds to business. If the Representative of the 
Bondholders so requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting Instruction and satisfactory evidence 
of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction or of each Holders or Proxy named 
in a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder shall be produced at the Meeting but 
the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be obliged to investigate the v alidity o f a Blo ck 
Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the identity of any Proxy or any holder of the Covered 
Bonds named in a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction o r the identity o f any Ho lder 
named in a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder.

--- Page 226 ---
226
14. 
VOTING BY SHOW OF HANDS 
14.1 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by a show o f 
hands. 
14.2 
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman's 
declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed or passed by a particular majority 
or rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be conclusive without proof of the number o f 
votes cast for, or against, the resolution. 
15. 
VOTING BY POLL 
15.1 
Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Bondholders or any one or more Voters, whatever the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds held or represented by such Voter. A poll may be taken immediately or 
after such adjournment as is decided by the Chairman but any poll demanded o n the election o f a 
Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be taken immediately. A valid demand for a poll 
shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business. The result of a poll 
shall be deemed to be the resolution of the Meeting at which the poll was demanded as at the date o f 
the taking of the poll. 
15.2 
T he Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the votes, and 
may set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in compliance with 
the terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. After voting ends, the votes shall be 
counted and, after the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the Meeting the o utcome o f the 
vote. 
16. 
VOTES 
16.1 
Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and  
(b) 
on a poll every person who is so present shall have one vote in respect of each €1.00 or such 
other amount as the Representative of the Bondholders may in its absolute discretion 
stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders of Covered Bonds denominated in another 
currency, such amount in such other currency as the Representative of the Bondholders in its 
absolute discretion may stipulate). 
16.2 
Block Voting Instruction 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the case of a 
Proxy, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is entitled or to  cast 
all the votes he exercises the same way.

--- Page 227 ---
227
16.3 
Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
17. 
VOTING BY PROXY 
17.1 
Validity 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate 
appointing a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate o r any 
instruction pursuant to which it has been given had been amended or revoked provided that none of 
the Issuer, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Registrar or the Chairman has been notified in 
writing of such amendment or revocation at least 24 hours prior to the time set fo r the relevant 
Meeting. 
17.2 
Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate 
in relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such Meeting following 
an adjournment save that no such appointment o f a Proxy in relation to a meeting o riginally 
convened which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in force in relation to such 
meeting when it is resumed. Any person appointed to vote at such Meeting must be re-appointed 
under a Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
18. 
RESOLUTIONS 
18.1 
Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following powers 
exercisable by Ordinary Resolution, to: 
(a) 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules o r o f the 
Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution o r required to be the 
subject of a resolution or determined by a Meeting and not required to be the subject o f an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
and 
(b) 
to authorise the Representative of the Bondholders o r any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary Resolution. 
18.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power exercisable by 
Extraordinary Resolution to: 
(a) 
sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders or any of them; 
(b) 
approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the rights of 
the Representative of the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Bondholders or any o f 
them, whether such rights arise under the Transaction Documents o r o therwise, and (b) 
these Rules, the Conditions or of any Transaction Document or any arrangement in respect 
of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Covered Bonds, which, in any such

--- Page 228 ---
228 
case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Representative of the Bo ndholders and/or any 
other party thereto; 
(c) 
assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents 
which shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders 
or of any Covered Bondholder;  
(d) 
in accordance with Article 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration), appoint and 
remove the Representative of the Bondholders;  
(e) 
discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative o f the 
Bondholders from any liability in relation to any act or omission for which the 
Representative of the Bondholders has or may become liable pursuant or in relation to these 
Rules, the Conditions or any other Transaction Document;  
(f) 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules o r o f the 
Conditions, must be granted by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(g) 
authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Bondholders in compliance with 
these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Transaction Document; 
(h) 
waive the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, Guarantor Event of Default or a breach of 
test, and direct the Representative of the Bondholders to suspend the delivery of the relevant 
Issuer Default Notice, Guarantor Default Notice, or Breach of Test Notice; 
(i) 
to appoint any person (whether Bondholders o r not) as a c ommittee to represent the 
interests of the Bondholders and to confer on any such committee any powers which the 
Bondholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(j) 
authorise the Representative of the Bondholders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(k) 
may, in case of failure by the Representative of the Bondholders to send an Issuer Default 
Notice, Guarantor Default Notice or Breach of Test Notice, direct the Representative of the 
Bondholders to deliver such notices as a result of an Issuer Event o f Default pursuant to 
Condition 12.1 (Issuer Events of Default) or a Guarantor Ev ent o f Default pursuant to 
Condition 12.3 (Guarantor Events of Default). 
18.3 
Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the Representative o f 
the Bondholders to take steps and/or institute proceedings against the Issuer o r the Guarantor 
pursuant to Condition 12.2 (Effect of the service of an Issuer Default Notice) o r Co ndition 1 2.4 
(Effect of the service of a Guarantor Default Notice), a the case may be. 
18.4 
Other Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution other than a Programme Resolution that is 
passed by the Holders of one Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective in respect of another Series of 
Covered Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (as the 
case may be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding of that other Series.

--- Page 229 ---
229
19. 
EFFECT OF RESOLUTIONS 
19.1 
Binding nature 
Subject to Article 18.4 (Other Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a Meeting o f the 
Bondholders duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules shall be binding upon all 
Bondholders, whether or not present at such Meeting and or not voting. A Programme Resolution 
passed at any Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series shall be binding on all holders 
of the Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not present at the meeting. 
19.2 
Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Bondholders shall be published 
(at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the Paying Agent (with a 
copy to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Registrar and the Representative of the Bondholders within 1 4 
days of the conclusion of each Meeting). 
19.3 
Challenge to resolutions 
Any absent or dissenting Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are not passed in 
compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
20. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in books 
provided by the Issuer for that purpose. The Minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and shall be 
prima facie evidence of the proceedings therein recorded.  
Unless and until the contrary is proved, every Meeting in respect of which minutes have been signed 
by the Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed 
or proceedings transacted shall be regarded as having been duly passed and transacted. 
21. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution o r, in respect o f 
matters required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
22. 
INDIVIDUAL ACTIONS AND REMEDIES 
Each Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Clause 18 (Limited Recourse) of the 
Intercreditor Agreement and Clause 6 (Limited Recourse) of the Guarantee and, accordingly, if any 
Bondholder is considering bringing individual actions or using other individual remedies to enforce 
his/her rights under the Covered Bonds and the Guarantee, any such action o r remedy shall be 
subject to a Meeting not passing an Extraordinary Resolution objecting to such individual action o r 
other remedy on the grounds that it is not consistent with such Co ndition. In this respect, the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Bondholder intending to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds will notify the 
Representative of the Bondholders of his/her intention; 
(b) 
the Representative of the Bondholders will, without delay, call a Meeting in accordance with 
these Rules (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Article 23.1 (Choice of Meeting);

--- Page 230 ---
230 
(c) 
if the Meeting passes an Extraordinary Resolution o bjecting to the enforcement o f the 
individual action or remedy, the Bondholder will be prevented from taking such action o r 
remedy (without prejudice to the fact that after a reasonable period of time, the same matter 
may be resubmitted for review of another Meeting); and 
(d) 
if the Meeting of Bondholders does not o bject to an individual action or remedy, the 
Bondholder will not be prohibited from taking such individual action or remedy. 
23. 
MEETINGS AND SEPARATE SERIES 
23.1 
Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more than o ne 
Series the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject to the following 
modifications: 
(a) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative o f the Bo ndholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of only one Series shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a 
separate meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of that Series; 
(b) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative o f the Bo ndholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of more than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between 
the holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series so affected shall be deemed to have been 
duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all the Series 
so affected; 
(c) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative o f the Bo ndholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of more than one Series and gives or may give rise to a c onflict of interest 
between the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series or group of Series so affected and the 
holders of the Covered Bonds of another Series or group of Series so affected shall be deemed 
to have been duly passed only if passed at separate meetings of the holders o f the Covered 
Bonds of each Series or group of Series so affected;  
(d) 
a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a single 
meeting of the Bondholders of all Series; and  
(e) 
to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall mutatis mutandis apply 
as though references therein to Covered Bonds and Bondholders were references to the 
Covered Bonds of the Series or group of Series in question or to the holders of such Covered 
Bonds, as the case may be. 
23.2 
Denominations other than euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in euro in 
the case of any Meeting or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders of Covered Bo nds o f 
more than one currency (whether in respect of the meeting or any adjourned such Meeting o r any 
poll resulting therefrom or any such request or Written Resolution) the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of such Covered Bonds shall be the equivalent in euro at the relevant Swap Rate. In such 
circumstances, on any poll each person present shall have one vote for each €1.00 (or such o ther 
euro amount as the Representative of the Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bo nds (converted as above) which he holds o r 
represents.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
24. 
FURTHER REGULATIONS 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Bondholders may, 
without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations regarding the holding of 
Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of a Written Resolution as the 
Representative of the Bondholders in its sole discretion may decide. 
T ITLE III 
T HE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
25. 
APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION 
25.1 
Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Bondholders takes place by Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Bondholders in accordance with the provisions of this Article 25, except for the appointment of 
the first Representative of the Bondholders which will be KPMG Fides Servizi di A mministrazione 
S.p.A. appointed under the Programme Agreement. 
25.2 
Identity of the Representative of the Bondholders 
Save for KPMG Fides Servizi di Amministrazione S.p.A. as first Representative of the Bo ndholders 
under the Programme, the Representative of the Bondholders shall be: 
(a) 
a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated in any 
other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or  
(b) 
a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank o f Italy 
pursuant to Article 107 of the Banking Act; or 
(c) 
any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative o f the 
Bondholders pursuant to the law.  
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set o ut in A rticle 
2399 of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative o f the Bo ndholders and, if 
appointed as such, they shall be automatically removed. 
25.3 
Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Bondholders is removed by Extraordinary Resolution o f the 
Bondholders pursuant to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions) or resigns pursuant to Article 26 
(Resignation of the Representative of the Bondholders), it shall remain in office until full repayment 
or cancellation of all Series of Covered Bonds. 
25.4 
After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Bo ndholders fo r any 
reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until the substitute Representative o f 
the Bondholders, which shall be an entity specified in Article 25.2 (Identity of the Representative o f 
the Bondholders), accepts its appointment, and the powers and authority of the Representative of the 
Bondholders whose appointment has been terminated shall, pending the acceptance of its 
appointment by the substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential functions 
required in connection with the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 232 ---
232
25.5 
Remuneration 
The Issuer, and following an Issuer Event of Default and delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the 
Guarantor, shall pay to the Representative of the Bondholders an annual fee fo r its services as 
Representative of the Bondholders from the First Issue Date, as agreed either in the initial 
agreement(s) for the issue of and subscription for the Covered Bonds or in a separate fee letter. Such 
fees shall accrue from day to day and shall be payable in accordance with the priority of payments set 
out in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) the date when all the Covered Bo nds o f 
whatever Series shall have been repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions. Such 
fees may be increased, in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Agreement, in the event 
that the Representative of the Bondholders undertakes duties of exceptional nature. 
26. 
RESIGNATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
The Representative of the Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three c alendar 
months' written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, without needing to provide any specific 
reason for the resignation and without being responsible for any costs incurred as a result o f such 
resignation. The resignation of the Representative of the Bondholders shall not become effective 
until a new Representative of the Bondholders has been appointed in accordance with A rticle 25.1 
(Appointment) and such new Representative of the Bondholders has accepted its appointment, 
provided that if Bondholders fail to select a new Representative of the Bo ndholders within three 
months of written notice of resignation delivered by the Representative o f the Bo ndholders, the 
Representative of the Bondholders may appoint a successor which is a qualifying entity pursuant to 
Article 25.2 (Identity of the Representative of the Bondholders). 
27. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
27.1 
Representative of the Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Bondholders is the legal representative o f the Organisation o f the 
Bondholders and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the Transaction Documents 
in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders. 
27.2 
Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Bondholders is responsible 
for implementing all resolutions of the Bondholders. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
has the right to convene and attend Meetings (together with its advisors at the Issuer’s expenses 
provided that such expenses are reasonably incurred and duly documented) to propose any course of 
action which it considers from time to time necessary or desirable. 
27.3 
Delegation 
The Representative of the Bondholders may in the exercise of the powers, discretions and authorities 
vested in it by these Rules and the Transaction Documents:  
(a) 
act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the Representative o f 
the Bondholders; 
(b) 
whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Bondholders, whether by power 
of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or fluctuating body o f persons 
some, but not all, of the powers, discretions or authorities vested in it as aforesaid.

--- Page 233 ---
233
Any such delegation may be made upon such conditions and subject to such regulations (including 
power to sub-delegate) as the Representative of the Bondholders may think fit in the interest of the 
Bondholders. The Representative of the Bondholders shall not, other than in the normal course of its 
business, be bound to supervise the acts or proceedings of such delegate or subdelegate and shall not 
in any way or to any extent be responsible for any lo ss incurred by reason o f any misconduct, 
omission or default on the part of such delegate or subdelegate, provided that the Representative o f 
the Bondholders shall use all reasonable care in the appointment of any such delegate and shall be 
responsible for the instructions given by it to such delegate. The Representative of the Bo ndholders 
shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the 
appointment of any delegate and any renewal, extension and termination of such appointment, and 
shall procure that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment 
of any sub-delegate as soon as reasonably practicable. 
27.4 
Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of the 
Bondholders in any judicial proceedings including any Insolvency Event in respect o f the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor. 
27.5 
Consents given by Representative of Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Bondholders under these Rules and any 
other Transaction Document may be given on such terms as the Representative of the Bo ndholders 
deems appropriate and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Rules or in the 
Transaction Documents, such consent or approval may be given retrospectively.  
The Representative of the Bondholders may give any consent or approval, exercise any power, 
authority or discretion or take any similar action if it is satisfied that the interests of the Bondholders 
will not be materially prejudiced thereby. 
27.6 
Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative o f the Bo ndholders shall have 
absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and discretion vested in the 
Representative of the Bondholders by these Rules or by operation of law. 
27.7 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Bondholders is entitled to 
exercise its discretion hereunder (including but not limited to forming any o pinion in connection 
with the exercise or non exercise of any discretion), the Representative of the Bondholders has the 
right (but not the obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to obtain the Bo ndholders' 
instructions as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, the Representative o f the 
Bondholders shall be entitled to request that the Bondholders indemnify it and/or provide it with 
security as specified in Article 28.2 (Specific limitations). 
27.8 
Remedy 
The Representative of the Bondholders may determine whether or not a default in the performance 
by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any obligation under the provisions of these Rules, the Covered 
Bonds or any other Transaction Documents may be remedied, and if the Representative of the 
Bondholders certifies that any such default is, in its opinion, not capable of being remedied, such

--- Page 234 ---
234
certificate shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the Bondholders, the other creditors o f 
the Guarantor and any other party to the Transaction Documents. 
28. 
EXONERATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
28.1 
Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not assume any o bligations o r responsibilities in 
addition to those expressly provided herein and in the Transaction Documents. 
28.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of the Article 28.1 (Limited obligations), the Representative o f the 
Bondholders:  
(a) 
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Issuer Ev ent o f 
Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or any other event, condition or act, the occurrence 
of which would cause a right or remedy to become exercisable by the Representative o f the 
Bondholders hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, has occurred and, until 
the Representative of the Bondholders has actual knowledge o r express notice to the 
contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that no Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Ev ent 
of Default or such other event, condition or act has occurred; 
(b) 
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and performance by 
the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other parties of their obligations contained in these Rules, 
the Transaction Documents or the Conditions and, until it shall have actual knowledge o r 
express notice to the contrary, the Representative of the Bondholders shall be entitled to 
assume that the Issuer or the Guarantor and each other party to the Transaction Documents 
are duly observing and performing all their respective obligations; 
(c) 
shall not be under any obligation to disclose (unless and to the extent so required under the 
Conditions, the terms of any Transaction Documents or by applicable law) to any 
Bondholders or other Secured Creditor or any other party, any information (including, 
without limitation, information of a confidential, financial or price sensitive nature) made 
available to the Representative of the Bondholders by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other 
person in respect of the Cover Pool or, more generally, of the Programme and no 
Bondholders shall be entitled to take any action to obtain from the Representative o f the 
Bondholders any such information. 
(d) 
except as expressly required in these Rules or any Transaction Document, shall not be under 
any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in performance of the provisions of 
these Rules or any other Transaction Document; 
(e) 
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, 
suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Transaction Document, o r o f any other 
document or any obligation or rights created or purported to be created hereby or thereby or 
pursuant hereto or thereto, nor shall it be responsible for assessing any breach o r alleged 
breach by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any other Party to the transaction, and (without 
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) it shall not have any responsibility for or have 
any duty to make any investigation in respect of or in any way be liable whatsoever for: 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor;

--- Page 235 ---
235
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, report, 
certificate, valuation or investigation delivered o r o btained o r required to be 
delivered or obtained at any time in connection herewith;  
(iii) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated by the 
Servicer or compliance therewith;  
(iv) 
the failure by the Guarantor to obtain or comply with any licence, consent o r o ther 
authorisation in connection with the purchase o r administration o f the assets 
contained in the Cover Pool; and 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Servicer and the Paying Agent or any other person in respect of the Cover Pool or the 
Covered Bonds;  
(f) 
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer o f the proceeds o f the 
issue of the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the persons entitled 
thereto; 
(g) 
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered Bonds by 
any credit or rating agency or any other person;  
(h) 
shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject o f any recital, 
statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the Representative 
of the Bondholders contained herein or in any Transaction Do cument o r any certificate, 
document or agreement relating thereto or for the execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, 
enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof; 
(i) 
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing o r procuring 
registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or any Transaction 
Document; 
(j) 
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect o r 
failure in the right or title of the Guarantor in relation to the assets contained in the Cover 
Pool or any part thereof, whether such defect or failure was known to the Representative o f 
the Bondholders or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether 
capable of being remedied or not; 
(k) 
shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the Receivables 
contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(l) 
shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Cover Pool or 
any part thereof provided by any person; 
(m) 
shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or damage arising 
from the realisation of the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(n) 
shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Co nditions) for making o r 
verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool or 
any Transaction Document; 
(o) 
shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof;

--- Page 236 ---
236
(p) 
shall, when in these Rules or any Transaction Document it is required in connection with the 
exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to have regard to the interests of the 
Bondholders, have regard to the overall interests of the Bondholders of each Series as a class 
of persons and shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Bondholders whatever their number and, in particular 
but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise fo r 
individual Bondholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or taxing authority, and the Representative of the Bondholders shall no t 
be entitled to require, nor shall any Bondholders be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders or any other person any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequence o f any such exercise upon individual 
Bondholders;  
(q) 
shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, it 
is of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the Covered Bo nds o f any one o r more 
Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise such power, trust, authority o r 
discretion without the approval of such Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution o r by a 
written resolution of such Bondholders of not less than 7 5 per cent. o f the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding; 
(r) 
shall, as regards at the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the 
Transaction Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have regard to  the 
interests of both the Bondholders and the other creditors of the Guarantor but if, in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders, there is a conflict between their interests 
the Representative of the Bondholders will have regard solely to the interest of the 
Bondholders; 
(s) 
may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority o r discretion 
vested in it under these Rules or any Transaction Document or any other agreement relating 
to the transactions herein or therein contemplated until it has been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against any and all actions, proceedings, claims 
and demands which might be brought or made against it and against all Liabilities suffered, 
incurred or sustained by it as a result. Nothing contained in these Rules or any o f the o ther 
Transaction Documents shall require the Representative of the Bondholders to expend o r 
risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties or 
the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds fo r 
believing the repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against, or security fo r, such 
risk or liability is not reasonably assured provided that the Representative of the 
Bondholders shall be indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction beforehand if it so  
requests in conjunction with the exercise o f any right, power authority o r discretion 
hereunder; and 
(t) 
shall not be liable or responsible for any Liabilities directly or indirectly suffered or incurred 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Bondholders or any other Secured Creditors or any o ther 
person which may result from anything done or omitted to be done by it in accordance with 
the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents except insofar as the same are 
incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of 
the Representative of the Bondholders.

--- Page 237 ---
237
28.3 
Security 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be entitled to exercise all the rights granted by the 
Guarantor in favour of the Representative of the Bondholders on behalf of the Bondholders and the 
other Secured Creditors under the Security. 
The Representative of the Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Bondholders and the o ther Secured 
Creditors, may: 
(a) 
prior to enforcement of the Security, appoint and entrust the Guarantor to c ollect, in the 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors' interest and on their behalf, any amounts 
deriving from the Security and may instruct, jointly with the Guarantor, the obligors whose 
obligations form part of the Security to make any payments to be made thereunder to an 
Account of the Guarantor; 
(b) 
acknowledge that the Accounts to which payments have been made in respect of the Security 
shall be deposit accounts for the purpose of article 2803 of the Italian Civil Code and agree 
that such Accounts shall be operated in compliance with the provisions of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement; and 
(c) 
agree that all funds credited to the Accounts from time to time shall be applied prior to 
enforcement of the Security, in accordance with the Co nditions and the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be entitled to collect, withdraw or apply, o r issue 
instructions for the collection, withdrawal or application of, cash deriving from time to time from the 
Security, under the Security, except in accordance with the foregoing, the Co nditions and the 
Intercreditor Agreement.  
28.4 
Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Bondholders to do anything which 
may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys or otherwise take 
risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its powers or discretion. The 
Representative of the Bondholders may refrain from taking any action which would or might, in its 
opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of any agency of any 
state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed for any funds it expends, 
or that it will not be indemnified against any loss or liabilities which it may incur as a consequence of 
such action. The Representative of the Bondholders may do anything which, in its o pinion, is 
necessary to comply with any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
29. 
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION 
29.1 
Advice 
The Representative of the Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate o r opinion o f, or any 
written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, tax advisor, credit or 
rating agency or other expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative o f 
the Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not be liable for any loss occasioned by so acting. A ny such 
opinion, advice, certificate or information may be sent or obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail o r fax 
transmission and the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, 
advice, certificate or information purporting to be so conveyed although the same contains some 
error or is not authentic.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
29.2 
Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor 
The Representative of the Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept (a) as sufficient 
evidence: 
(a) 
as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer's or the Guarantor's knowledge, a 
certificate duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor; 
(b) 
that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer o r (as the c ase may be) the 
Guarantor to the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is expedient, and 
the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call fo r further 
evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result o f acting o n such 
certificate unless any of its officers in charge of the administration of these Rules shall have 
actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness o f the matters c ontained in the 
certificate. 
29.3 
Resolution or direction of Bondholders 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be responsible fo r acting upon any resolution 
purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in respect whereof 
minutes have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage of Bondholders, even 
though it may subsequently be found that there was some defect in the constitution of the Meeting or 
the passing of the Written Resolution or the giving of such directions o r that for any reason the 
resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting or the giving 
of the direction was not valid or binding upon the Bondholders. 
29.4 
Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the Covered Bo nds, may 
fully rely on the certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the Joint 
Resolution, which certificates are to be conclusive proof of the matters certified therein. 
29.5 
Clearing Systems or Registrar 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be at liberty to c all fo r and to rely o n as sufficient 
evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as true and accurate 
and signed on behalf of such clearing system or Registrar, as the case may be, as the Representative 
of the Bondholders considers appropriate, or any form of record made by any c learing system or 
Registrar, as the case may be, to the effect that at any particular time or throughout any particular 
period any particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its records as entitled to a particular 
number of Covered Bonds. 
29.6 
Rating Agency 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be entitled to assume, for the purposes of exercising any 
power, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to these Rules that such exercise will not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders of any Series or of all Series fo r the time 
being outstanding if the Rating Agency has confirmed that the then current rating o f the Covered 
Bonds of any such Series or all such Series (as the case may be) would not be adversely affected by 
such exercise, or have otherwise given their consent. 
If the Representative of the Bondholders, in o rder properly to exercise its rights o r fulfil its 
obligations, deems it necessary to obtain the views of the Rating Agency as to how a specific act

--- Page 239 ---
239
would affect any outstanding rating of the Covered Bonds, the Representative o f the Bo ndholders 
may inform the Issuer, which will then obtain such views at its expense on behalf of the 
Representative of the Bondholders or the Representative of the Bondholders may seek and o btain 
such views itself at the cost of the Issuer. 
29.7 
Certificates of Parties to Transaction Document 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the Issuer o r the 
Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other than the Issuer o r 
the Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Transaction Document, 
(a) 
in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly provided for 
under the Conditions or any Transaction Document; 
(b) 
as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
(c) 
as to such party's opinion with respect to any issue and the Representative of the 
Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional evidence in respect of the relevant fact, 
matter or circumstances and shall not be held responsible for any Liabilities incurred as a 
result of having failed to do so unless any of its officers has actual knowledge o r express 
notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained in the certificate. 
29.8 
Auditors 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any 
auditors' report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report or certificate. 
30. 
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
30.1 
The Representative of the Bondholders may from time to time and without the consent or sanction of 
the Bondholders concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any o ther relevant parties in 
making any modification (and for this purpose the Representative of the Bondholders may disregard 
whether any such modification relates to a Series Reserved Matter) as follows:  
(a) 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which in the opinion 
of the Representative of the Bondholders (which may be based on the advice of, or 
information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, tax advisor, or other expert o r 
confirmation of rating, if any) may be expedient to make provided that the Representative of 
the Bondholders is of the opinion that such modification will not be materially prejudicial to 
the interests of any of the Bondholders of any Series; 
and 
(b) 
to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is o f a fo rmal, 
minor or technical nature or, which in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders 
(which may be based on the advice of, or information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, 
banker, tax advisor, or other expert or confirmation of rating, if any) is to correct a manifest 
error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the 
Bondholders or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
30.2 
Any such modification shall be binding upon the Bondholders and, unless the Representative o f the 
Bondholders otherwise agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) 
to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
30.3 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
and any other party in making any of the above-mentioned modifications if it is so  directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution or and if it is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to  its 
satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by 
so doing. 
30.4 
Establishing an error  
In establishing whether an error has occurred as such, the Representative of the Bo ndholders may 
have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Bondholders considers it appropriate 
to rely and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard to any of the following: 
(a) 
a certificate from the Arranger: 
(a) 
stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Transaction Document; and 
(b) 
confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any other parties which 
is in any way inconsistent with such stated intention; and 
(c) 
stating the modification to the relevant Transaction Documents that is required 
to reflect such intention; 
(b) 
confirmation from the Rating Agency (if any) that, after giving effect to such modification, 
the Covered Bonds shall continue to have the same credit ratings as those assigned to them 
immediately prior to the modification. 
31. 
WAIVER 
31.1 
Waiver of Breach 
The Representative of the Bondholders may at any time and from time to time in its sole direction, 
without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, condition, event or act, but only 
if, and in so far as, in its opinion the interests of the Holders of the Covered Bonds then outstanding 
shall not be materially prejudiced thereby: 
(a) 
authorise or waive, on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as it may decide, 
any proposed breach or breach of any of the c ovenants or provisions contained in the 
Guarantee or any of the obligations of or rights against the Guarantor under any other 
Transaction Documents; or 
(b) 
determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such fo r the purposes of the 
Transaction Documents, without any consent or sanction of the Bondholders. 
31.2 
Binding Nature 
Any authorisation, waiver or determination referred in Article 31.1 (Waiver o f Breach) shall be 
binding on the Bondholders. 
31.3 
Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by this Article 
31 (Waiver) in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders 
of the Covered Bonds then outstanding or of a request or direction in writing made by the holders o f 
not less than 25 per cent in aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bo nds (in the

--- Page 241 ---
241
case of any such determination, with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series 
as aforesaid), and at all times then only if it shall be indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may 
incur by so doing but so that no such direction or request: 
(a) 
shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made; or 
(b) 
authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to a Series Reserved Matter 
unless holders of Covered Bonds of each Series has, by Ex traordinary Resolution, so  
authorised its exercise. 
31.4 
Notice of waiver 
Unless the Representative of the Bondholders agrees otherwise, the Issuer shall c ause any such 
authorisation, waiver or determination to be notified to the Bondholders and the Secured Creditors, 
as soon as practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
32. 
INDEMNITY 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has covenanted and undertaken to reimburse, pay 
or discharge (on a full indemnity basis) upon demand, to the extent not already reimbursed, paid o r 
discharged by the Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, losses, charges, expenses, damages, actions, 
proceedings, claims and demands duly documented and properly incurred by or made against the 
Representative of the Bondholders or any entity to which the Representative of the Bondholders has 
delegated any power authority or discretion in relation to the exercise or purported exercise o f its 
powers, authorities and discretions and the performance of its duties under and otherwise in relation 
to these Rules and the Transaction Documents, including but not limited to legal and travelling 
expenses, and any stamp, issue, registration, documentary and other taxes o r duties paid by the 
Representative of the Bondholders in connection with any action and/or legal proceedings brought 
or contemplated by the Representative of the Bondholders pursuant to the Transaction Do cuments 
against the Issuer, or any other person to enforce any obligation under these Rules, the Covered 
Bonds or the Transaction Documents except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of fraud 
(frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the Representative of the 
Bondholders. 
33. 
LIABILITY 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Bondholders shall not 
be liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way in connection with the Transaction 
Documents, the Covered Bonds or the Rules except in relation to its o wn fraud (fro de), gross 
negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo). 
T ITLE IV 
T HE ORGANISATION OF THE BONDHOLDERS AFTER  
SERVICE OF A GUARANTOR DEFAULT NOTICE 
34. 
POWERS T O ACT ON BEHALF OF THE GUARANTOR 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of a Guarantor Default Notice or, prior to service o f a 
Guarantor Default Notice, following the failure of the Guarantor to exercise any right to which it is 
entitled, pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement the Representative o f the Bo ndholders, in its 
capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Bondholders, shall be entitled (also in the 
interests of the Secured Creditors) pursuant to Articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, to

--- Page 242 ---
242
exercise certain rights in relation to the Cover Pool. Therefore, the Representative of the 
Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Bondholders, will be 
authorised, pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, to exercise, in the name and on 
behalf of the Guarantor and as mandatario in rem propriam of the Guarantor, any and all o f the 
Guarantor's Rights under certain Transaction Documents, including the right to give directions and 
instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant Transaction Documents. 
T ITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
35. 
GOVERNING LAW 
These Rules are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic o f 
Italy. 
36. 
JURISDICTION 
The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute that may arise in 
relation to the Covered Bonds or their validity, interpretation or performance.

--- Page 243 ---
243
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series/Tranche of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms 
but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Co uncil on markets in financial instruments (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional c lient as 
defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) o f A rticle 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – [Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process], the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bo nds is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional c lients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. [Consider to include information on the product approval process]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bo nds 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market –Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market fo r the Covered Bo nds is o nly 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business So urcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it fo rms part o f UK domestic law by

--- Page 244 ---
244 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution o f 
the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional c lients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. [Consider to include information on the product approval process]. A ny person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its o wn 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Final terms dated [●] 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44 
Issue of [aggregate principal amount] [description] Covered Bonds (obbligazioni bancarie 
garantite) due 
[maturity] 
Guaranteed by 
Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. 
under the €10,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme

--- Page 245 ---
245
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the prospectus dated 7 June 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the prospectus dated 
[insert date] [delete if not applicable]] which [together] c onstitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base 
Prospectus) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended from time to time, 
the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms 
of the Covered Bonds and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as supplemented from 
time to time]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bo nds described 
herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [, including the supplement[s]] [is/are] available fo r v iewing [at 
[website]] [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]].  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs o r sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1.  
(i)  
Series Number:  
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Tranche Number:  
[●] 
[(to be fungible from the [date on which the Covered 
Bonds become fungible] with the [●] Tranche [●] 
Covered Bonds of the same Series due [●] issued o n 
[●])][Not Applicable]. 
2.  
Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i)  
Series:  
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Tranche:  
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the c ase o f 
fungible issues only, if applicable)]. 
5.  
(i) 
Specified Denominations:  
[●]  
(Covered 
Bonds 
including Covered Bonds 
denominated in Sterling, in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 and which have a maturity of 
less than one year must have a minimum redemption 
value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other

--- Page 246 ---
246 
currencies).) 
 
(ii)  
Calculation Amount:  
[●] 
6. 
(i)  
Issue Date:  
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Interest Commencement Date:  
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7 .  
Maturity Date:  
[Specify date or (for Business Day Convention other 
than following) CB Payment Date falling in relevant 
month and year.] 
8. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable / Specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds) CB Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[Specify reference rate] +/– [Margin] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Instalment] 
11. 
Change of Interest: 
Change of interest may be applicable in case an 
Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable, as 
provided for under Condition 8(b) 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
[Date of [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered 
Bonds 
[and 
Guarantee] 
[respectively]] obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Covered Bonds or related Guarantee)] 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15.  
Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 247 ---
247
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in 
arrear] 
 
(ii) 
CB Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of “Business 
Day”]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the CB 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) 
Adjustment to Interest Period end 
Date 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
16. 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
CB Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
(Specified Period and CB Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than CB 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business 
Day Convention is the FRN Co nvention, Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention. 
Otherwise, insert “Not Applicable”) 
 
(iii) 
CB Payment Dates: 
[●] 
(Specified Period and Specified CB Payment Dates 
are alternatives. If the Business Day Co nvention is 
the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Co nvention or 
Eurodollar Convention, insert “Not Applicable”) 
 
(iv) 
First CB Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Adjustment to Interest Period end 
Date 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/Insert relevant place for Additional 
Business Centre]

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
(viii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Interest 
Determination Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph (vii)) 
 
 
● Reference Rate: 
[●] [EURIBOR] 
 
 
● Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
● Relevant Screen Page: 
[For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR 
01, ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate 
or amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
 
● Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time] 
 
 
● Relevant Financial Centre: 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose 
lawful currency is the euro] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph (viii)) 
 
 
● Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
● Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
● Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): [+/-] 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/365/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ 
Actual/360/

--- Page 249 ---
249 
30/360 (Fixed rate)/ 
Actual/365 (Sterling)/ 
30/360 (Floating Rate)/ 
30E/360/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation/Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
early redemption of Covered Bonds: 
[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365] 
[This information is to be provided for the purposes 
of Condition 8(h) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds) or Condition 7(a) (Late payment o n 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
Covered Bonds: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond: 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of Covered 
Bonds 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
[Not Applicable/[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
Early redemption amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on acceleration following a 
Guarantor Event of Default o r o ther early 
redemption: 
(If both the Early Redemption Amount and the Early 
Termination Amount are the principal amount of the 
Covered Bonds/specify the Early Redemption 
Amount and/or the Early Termination Amount if 
different from the principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds)]  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/Insert place for Additional Financial 
Centre]  
[Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period end dates] 
23. 
Details relating to Covered Bonds fo r which 
principal is repayable in instalments: amount 
of each instalment, date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable/insert amount of each instalment, 
date on which each payment is to be made] 
DISTRIBUTION 
24. 
(i) If syndicated, names and address of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) Names and address of Stabilising 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
25. 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
26. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category, TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable] 
27. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
28. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
29. 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/[●]]”

--- Page 251 ---
251 
[T HIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for [(Relevant third party information) which has been extracted from 
(specify source). Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify 
source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate o r 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (as Issuer) 
 
By: ______________________________________________________ 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. (as Guarantor) 
 
By: ______________________________________________________ 
Duly authorized

--- Page 252 ---
252
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/None] 
 
(ii) 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
 
Admission to trading 
 
 
 
 
Estimate of the total expenses 
related to admission to trading 
[Application [is expected to be/has been] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/specify o ther regulated 
market] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Covered Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
[●] 
 
2. 
RATING 
 
Rating: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Covered Bonds to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated: 
[rating(s)] by [credit rating agency].  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to the Covered Bonds of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this haspreviously been published by the rating 
provider) 
Each of [Insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the [European 
Union] / [United Kingdom] and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”)] / [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by v irtue o f the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)].  
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
[European Union]/[United Kingdom] and has applied fo r 
registration under [the EU CRA  Regulation]/[UK CRA 
Regulation], although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.]  
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
[European Union]/[United Kingdom] and has not applied 
for registration under the [EU CRA Regulation]/[ UK CRA

--- Page 253 ---
253
Regulation] but the rating issued by it is endorsed by 
[insert endorsing credit rating agency] which is established 
in the European Union and [is registered under the [EU / 
UK] CRA Regulation] [has applied for registration under 
the [EU / UK] CRA Regulation, although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority].]  
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
[European Union]/[United Kingdom] and has not applied 
for registration under [the EU CRA Regulation] /[UK CRA 
Regulation] but is certified in accordance with the [EU / 
UK] CRA Regulation.]  
[[Insert Credit Rating Agency] is not established in the 
[European Union]/[United Kingdom] and is not certified 
under [the EU CRA Regulation] /[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)] and the rating given by it is not endorsed 
by a Credit Rating Agency established in the [European 
Union]/[United Kingdom] and registered under the [EU / 
UK] CRA Regulation.]  
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the [United 
Kingdom]/[insert] and is [registered with the Financial 
Conduct Authority in accordance with] / [the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [UK-based credit rating 
agency] registered with the FCA in accordance with] / 
[certified under] [the UK Credit Rating Agencies 
Regulation, as amended by the Credit Rating Agencies 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019]] 
  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting o nes, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
 “So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest 
material to the offer.”]  
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)

--- Page 254 ---
254
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS  
 
(a) 
Use of proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Estimated net amount o f the 
proceeds: 
[●] 
 
5. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] /[Not Applicable].  
[Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR / o ther] 
which is provided by []. [As at [], [] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”).] [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that as at [] is not required to obtain authorisation or 
registration.]] 
7 . 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI Code: 
[[include code], as updated, as set o ut on the 
website of the Association of National Number 
Agencies (ANNA) o r alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not Available] 
 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set o ut on the 
website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available] 
 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other than Monte 
Titoli S.p.A. Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[____________] 
 
Address of any Relevant Clearing System(s) o ther 
than Monte Titoli S.p.A., Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme: 
[Not Applicable/[____________]

--- Page 255 ---
255
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and Specified Offices of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
Calculation 
Agent(s), 
Listing Agent(s) or 
Representative of the Bondholders (if any): 
[●] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
[Y es/No]  
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Covered Bo nds are intended upon 
issue to be held in a form which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility (i.e. issued in 
dematerialised form (emesse in forma 
dematerializzata) and wholly and exclusively 
deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance 
with 83-bis of Italian legislative decree No. 58 
of 24 February 1998, as amended, through the 
authorised institutions listed in article 83-
quater of such legislative decree) and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]

--- Page 256 ---
256
KEY FEATURES OF REGISTERED COVERED BONDS (NAMENSSCHULD 
VERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
 
The Issuer may issue, under the Programme, German law governed c overed bonds in registered fo rm 
(Namensschuld verschreibungen) (the “Registered Covered Bonds”), each issued with a minimum 
denomination indicated in the applicable terms and conditions of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds (the 
“Registered CB Conditions”). 
The Registered Covered Bonds shall be governed by a set of legal documentation in the fo rm from time to 
time agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not be governed by the Co nditions set o ut in this Base 
Prospectus. Such legal documentation will comprise the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the form o f any 
assignment agreement, attached to the Registered CB Conditions, to be used for any subsequent transfer o f 
the Registered Covered Bonds (the “Assignment Agreement”), the related Registered Covered Bo nds 
rules of organisation agreement, in the form from time to time agreed with the relevant Dealer, pursuant to 
which the holders of the Registered Covered Bonds will (a) agree to be bound by the terms of the Transaction 
Documents and (b) undertake to comply with the obligations, limitations and other c ovenants as to the 
exercise of certain rights in accordance with the principles set out in the Rules of the Organisation o f the 
Covered Bondholders (the “Registered CB Rules Agreement”) and the letter of appointment o f (i) any 
additional paying agent in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds (the “Registered Paying Agent”) and 
(ii) the registrar in respect of the Registered Covered Bo nds (the “Registrar”). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Issuer will be entitled to enter into a different or additional set of documentation as agreed 
with the relevant Dealer in relation to a specific issue of Registered Covered Bonds.  
The relevant Registered Covered Bonds, together with the related Registered CB Conditions attached thereto, 
the relevant Registered CB Rules Agreement and any other document expressed to govern such Registered 
Covered Bonds, will constitute the full terms and conditions of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated o bligations of the 
Issuer, guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee with limited 
recourse to the Available Funds. The Registered Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and the Covered Bonds, except in respect of the applicable maturity o f each 
Series or Tranche of the Covered Bonds and the Registered Covered Bonds (as applicable), and (save for any 
applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured, unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer having the same maturity of each Series of Registered Covered Bonds o r Series o r 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, from time to time outstanding.  
In accordance with the legal framework established by Law 130/99 and the MEF Decree and with the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Registered CB Rules Agreement and the Transaction Documents, the holders 
of Registered Covered Bonds shall have recourse to the Issuer and to the Guarantor, provided, however, that 
recourse to the Guarantor shall be limited to the Available Funds and the assets comprised in the Cover Pool, 
subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments.  
The payment obligations under all the Registered Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds issued from time to 
time shall be cross-collateralised by all the assets included in the Cover Pool, through the Covered Bo nd 
Guarantee.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market and will no t be 
settled through a clearing system. Registered Covered Bonds will be issued in registered form (nominativi) as 
Namensschuld verschreibungen and will not be dematerialised.

--- Page 257 ---
257
The Registered Covered Bonds will be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, save that, in 
any case, certain provisions (including those relating to status, limited recourse of the Registered Covered 
Bonds and those applicable to the Issuer and the Cover Pool) shall be governed by Italian law.  
In connection with the Registered Covered Bonds, references in this Base Prospectus to information being set 
out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms shall be read 
and construed as a reference to such information being set o ut, specified, stated, shown, indicated o r 
otherwise provided in the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating 
thereto or any other document expressed to govern such Registered Covered Bonds and, as applicable, each 
other reference to Final Terms in the Base Prospectus shall be construed and read as a reference to such 
Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement thereto or any other document expressed to 
govern such Registered Covered Bonds.  
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds shall not be effective until the transferee has delivered to the 
Registrar a duly executed Assignment Agreement. A transfer can only occur for the minimum denomination 
indicated in the applicable Registered CB Conditions or multiples thereof.

--- Page 258 ---
258
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series and/ or Tranche of Covered Bonds will be used fo r the general 
corporate purposes of the Issuer.

--- Page 259 ---
259
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not o ffer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional c lient 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), each Dealer 
has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bo nds 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State, except that it may make an o ffer o f such Covered 
Bonds to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a “qualified investor” as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than “qualified investors” as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer o r Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer o r any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation 
to any Covered Bonds in any Relevant State means the communication in any fo rm and by any means o f 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bo nds to be o ffered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not o ffer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it fo rms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
In relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject o f the o ffering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except 
that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domesic law by virtue of the EUWA ; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domesic law by virtue of the EUWA), in the 
United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer o r any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to any 
Covered Bonds in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act o f 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold within the United States of America o r to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Security Act.  
The Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States of America or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted

--- Page 261 ---
261
by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not o ffer, sell o r deliver 
Covered Bonds, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion o f 
the distribution, as determined and certified to the Issuer by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of 
Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Covered Bo nds o f the Tranche o f 
which such Covered Bonds are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit o f, U.S. 
Persons. Each Dealer further agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Covered Bonds during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions o n o ffers and sales o f the 
Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account of benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings givent to them by Regulations S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Covered Bonds comprising any Series or 
Tranche, any offer or sale of Covered Bonds within the United States of America by any dealer (whether o r 
not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such o ffer 
or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the 
Securtities Act. 
Each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may also be subject to such further United States selling 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
United Kingdom 
In relation to each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, each Dealer subscribing for or purchasing such 
Covered Bonds represents to and agrees with the Issuer and each other such Dealer (if any) that: 
1. 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate o r cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning o f 
Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”)) received by it in connection 
with the issue of the Covered Bonds in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
2. 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to the Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of Covered Bonds has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree 
that the sale of the Covered Bonds in Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and 
exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Without prejudice to paragraph “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” above, no Covered Bonds may 
be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any 
Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to A rticle 2 o f the Prospectus 
Regulation, in Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and any applicable provision of Italian laws and 
regulations; or

--- Page 262 ---
262
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation, and in accordance with any applicable Italian laws and regulations 
including, inter alia, the Financial Services Act and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus o r any 
other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy must be:  
a. 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 o f 15 
February 2018 and the Banking Act (in each case, as amended); and 
b. 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to A rticle 129 of the 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) o r 
other Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948) (the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it 
has not offered or sold and it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or 
for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering o r 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations, and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells o r 
delivers Covered Bonds or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any 
related offering material, in all cases at its own expense and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Covered Bonds under the laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, o ffers, sales o r 
deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. Persons 
into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers 
to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in o r from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, 
in all cases at their own expenses. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represent that the Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, o r pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of c hange(s) o r 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in this paragraph headed 
“General”. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 263 ---
263
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, admission to trading and minimum denomination 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Covered Bonds (other than Registered 
Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) may be listed on such other stock exchange as the 
Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) may agree, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or may be issued on an 
unlisted basis. 
The Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued with a minimum denomination o f 
€100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount 
in such currency). 
The Registered CB Conditions will specify the minimum denomination for the Registered Covered Bonds. No 
Registered Covered Bond will be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
on 24 February, 2009 and subsequently extended on 26 November 2020.   
The increase of the maximum plafond of the Programme from Euro 5,000,000,000 to Euro 10,000,000,000 
was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 26 November 2020. 
The granting of the Guarantee was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor o n 
17 October, 2011 and subsequently confirmed on 4 December 2020.  
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in connection with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) have been accepted fo r c learance through 
Monte Titoli, Euroclear and Clearstream. In particular, the Covered Bo nds (other than the Registered 
Covered Bonds) will be issued in dematerialised form and held on behalf o f the beneficial o wners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Mo nte Titoli Account 
Holders (including Euroclear and Clearstream). The relevant Final Terms shall specify any o ther clearing 
system as shall have accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information. 
The address of Monte Titoli is Piazza Affari 6, 20123, Milan. 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a clearing system. The Registered CB Co nditions 
will specify the agent or registrar through which payments under the Registered Covered Bonds will be made 
and settled. 
Common codes and ISIN numbers 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the 
Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) will be specified in the 
Final Terms relating thereto.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
T he Representative of the Bondholders 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Terms and Conditions and the Rules, there shall be at all times a 
Representative of the Bondholders appointed to act in the interest and behalf of the Bondholders. The initial 
Representative of Bondholders shall be KPMG Fides Servizi di Amministrazione S.p.A. 
No material litigation 
Save as disclosed under the section “Description of the Issuer”, paragraph “Legal and Arbitration 
Proceedings” of this Base Prospectus, Mediobanca is not or has not been involved in any governmental, legal, 
arbitration or administrative proceedings in the 12 months preceding the date of this document relating to 
claims or amounts which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect o n the Mediobanca 
financial position or profitability and, so far as Mediobanca is aware no such litigation, arbitration o r 
administrative proceedings are pending or threatened. 
The Guarantor is not or has not been involved in any governmental, legal, arbitration o r administrative 
proceedings in the 12 months preceding the date of this document relating to claims or amounts which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the Guarantor financial position o r profitability 
and, so far as the Guarantor is aware no such litigation, arbitration o r administrative proceedings are 
pending or threatened. 
No material adverse change and no significant change 
In the case of Mediobanca, since 30 June 2021 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which 
the most recent audited annual financial statements of Mediobanca have been prepared), there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and, since 31 March 2022 (being the last day o f the 
financial period in respect of which financial information of Mediobanca has been published), there has been 
no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Mediobanca and its Group. 
Furthermore, Mediobanca is not aware of any information on trends, uncertainties, requests, commitments 
or facts known which could reasonably have a significant impact on Mediobanca’s prospects for the current 
financial year. 
In the case of the Guarantor, since 30 June 2021 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which 
the most recent audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor have been prepared), there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects nor significant change in the financial performance o r financial 
position of the Guarantor. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent  
The Issuer has undertaken to maintain a listing agent in Luxembourg so long as Covered Bonds are listed o n 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The listing agent appointed in Luxembourg is BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch (“BNP”). 
BNP, being part of a financial group providing client services with a worldwide network covering different 
time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third 
parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding and listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the fo llowing

--- Page 265 ---
265
documents 
will 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/covered-bond.html, namely: 
(a) 
the Issuer's by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof; 
(b) 
the Guarantor's memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws (Statuto) as of the date 
hereof; 
(c) 
the audited published consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and fo r the 
years ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020;  
(d) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended 30 June 2021 
and 3o June 2020; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, any further Base 
Prospectus;  
(f) 
any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any Covered Bo nds 
which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by 
the relevant Bondholders;  
(g) 
any other document incorporated by reference; and 
(h) 
any material contracts and other documents relating to the Guarantee. 
Publication on the Internet 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms will be available o n the website o f the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at www.bourse.lu.  
Accounts of the Issuer and of the Guarantor 
EY  S.p.A., a company with its registered offices in Via Meravigli, 12, 20123, Milan, Italy, is the c urrent 
independent auditors of Mediobanca and of the Guarantor and it has performed a limited review on the 
consolidated half-year financial statements of Mediobanca as at 31 December 2021, incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. EY is authorised and regulated by the MEF and registered on the special 
register of auditing firms held by MEF under No. 70945. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., a company with its registered offices inPiazza Tre Torri 2, Milan, Italy, was 
the former independent auditors of Mediobanca and of the Guarantor and it has audited the separate and 
consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca as at 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020, both incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A is authorised and regulated by the MEF 
and registered on the special register of auditing firms held by MEF under No 70623. 
Post-issuance transaction information 
Unless required to do so by applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer does not intend to publish post-
issuance information.

--- Page 266 ---
266 
GLOSSARY 
ABS General Criteria (Criteri Generali dei Titoli ABS) means the eligibility criteria on the basis on which 
shall be selected the Asset Backed Securities to be included in each Portfolio, as specified in the Schedule 1 – 
Part I – Section III to the Master Purchase Agreement.  
Acceptance Date (Data di Accettazione) means (i) with respect to the purchase of each Subsequent 
Portfolio, a date falling not later than the third Business Day preceding each Issue Date, and (ii) with respect 
to the purchase of each Further Portfolio, a date falling not later than the third Business Day preceding each 
Guarantor Payment Date. 
Account means each of the Collection Account, the Transaction Account, the Securities Account, the 
Reserve Account, the Expenses Account and any other account which may be opened in the name of the 
Guarantor for the deposit of any Eligible Asset and Integration Assets and/or Eligible Investments under the 
Cash Management Agreement. 
Account Bank means Mediobanca or any other entity appointed from time to  time to act as such in 
accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Accrual Yield has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Additional Seller means any additional entity of the Mediobanca Group which may from time to time 
enter into the Programme in capacity as seller under the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount means the amount calculated pursuant to the fo rmula set o ut in 
clause 2.2 of the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
Amendment Agreements means the amendment agreements of the Transaction Documents governed by 
Italian law entered into on 24 February 2012, 9 October 2013, 6 June 2014, 26 October 2015, 30 March 2016, 
25 July 2016, 26 May 2017, 10 October 2017, 30 May 2019 and 21 December 2020 between the relevant 
parties in the context of the Programme.  
Amortisation Test means the test which will be c arried o ut pursuant to the terms o f the Portfolio 
Management Agreement in order to ensure that, on each Calculation Date, following the delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice, the outstanding principal balance of the Cover Pool which for such purpose is considered as 
an amount equal to the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is higher than or equal to the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Amortisation T est Aggregate Loan Amount has the meaning ascribed to it in the Portfolio 
Management Agreement. 
Amortisation Test Verification has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 5  of the A sset Monitor 
Agreement. 
Asset (Attivo) means, collectively, the Eligible Assets and the Integration Assets which will be transferred by 
the Seller to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme. 
Asset Backed Securities (Titoli ABS) means, pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1(d), of MEF Decree the 
asset backed securities for which a risk weight not exceeding 20% is applicable in accordance with the Bank

--- Page 267 ---
267
of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach - provided that at least 95% of the relevant 
securitised assets are: 
(i) 
Residential Mortgage Loans; 
(ii)  
Commercial Mortgage Loans; 
(iii)  
Public Assets. 
Asset Coverage Test means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms o f the Portfolio 
Management Agreement in order to ensure that, on the relevant Calculation Date, the Adjusted Aggregate 
Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bo nds issued 
under the Programme. 
Asset Coverage Test Verification has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 4 o f the Asset Mo nitor 
Agreement. 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the First Issue 
Date between the Asset Monitor, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Servicer, the Representative of the 
Bondholders and the Test Report Provider, as amended from time to time and restated on 18 November 2021 
in order to consolidate the amendments agreed by means of the Amendment Agreements. 
Asset Monitor means BDO Italia S.p.A. or any other entity appointed from time to time to act as such in 
accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement and in compliance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
Asset Monitor Report means the report which shall be delivered by the A sset Monitor o n each Asset 
Monitor Report Date to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Test Report Provider and the 
Representative of the Bondholders pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Asset Monitor Agreement.  
Asset Monitor Report Date means the date on which an Asset Monitor Report shall be delivered by the 
Asset Monitor, namely: 
(i) 
with respect to the Mandatory Test Verification and the Asset Coverage Test Verification, 10 Business 
Days following receipt of the relevant Test Performance Report by the Test Report Provider o n each 
of (a) the Calculation Date immediately following the First Issue Date, (b) the Calculation Date 
immediately preceding each anniversary date of the First Issue Date and (c) each Calculation Date as 
referred to in Clause 6.2 (Breach of Mandatory Test and Asset Coverage Test prior to an Issuer 
Default Notice) upon occurrence of the circumstances set out thereunder; or 
(ii) 
with respect to the Amortisation Test Verification, 10 Business Days following receipt o f the Test 
Performance Report to be delivered by the Test Report Provider (on behalf of the Guarantor) on each 
Calculation Date after service of an Issuer Default Notice (but prior to a Guarantor Default Notice). 
Asset Percentage means (i) 84 per cent. or (ii) such lesser percentage figure as determined from time to 
time by the Test Report Provider (on behalf of the Guarantor and in accordance with the Rating A gency’s 
methodology) and notified to the Rating Agency and the Representative of the Bondholders, provided that 
the Asset Percentage may not, at any time, be higher than 84 per cent. 
The Guarantor (or the Test Report Provider on its behalf) will, on the Calculation Date, send notification to 
the Rating Agency and the Representative of the Bondholders of the percentage figure selected by it, being 
the difference between 100 per cent. and the amount of credit enhancement required to maintain the then 
current ratings of the covered bonds.

--- Page 268 ---
268 
The Asset Percentage will be adjusted from time to time in order to ensure that sufficient credit enhancement 
will be maintained. 
Available Funds (Fondi Disponibili) means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the Principal 
Available Funds. 
Banking Act (TUB) means Legislative Decree 1 September 1993, No. 385 as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. 
Base Interests (Tasso di Interesse) means the base interests due by the Guarantor under Clause 5.1 (Tasso 
di Interesse della Tranche A) and 5.2 (Tasso di Interesse della Tranche B) o f the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
Beneficiary means the Bondholders and any other person or entity entitled to receive a payment from the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee, in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law.  
BoI Regulations (Regolamento della Banca d’Italia) means supervisory instructions of the Bank o f Italy 
relating to covered bonds under Part III, Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013, containing 
the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and amended. 
Bondholders (Portatori dei Covered Bond) means the holders, from time to time, of any Covered Bonds of 
each Series of Covered Bonds. 
Borrower means any person in favour of which any Mortgage Loan or Public Loan has been granted by the 
Seller. 
Breach of Test Notice means the notice delivered by the Representative of the Bondholders in accordance 
with the terms of the Portfolio Management Agreement and Condition 11. 
Business Day (Giorno Lavorativo) means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are 
generally open for business in Milan, Luxembourg and London and on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System (or any successor thereto) is open. 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to  the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day 
that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified 
Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that:

--- Page 269 ---
269 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar 
month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business 
Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the 
calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which 
the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
Calculation Agent means CheBanca or any other entity appointed from time to  time to act as such in 
accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Calculation Date means (i) with reference to the activities to be carried out by the Calculation Agent, a date 
falling not later than the second Business Day preceding each Guarantor Payment Date, and (ii) with 
reference to the activities to be carried out by the Test Report Provider, a date falling not later than the 3rd 
Business Day following the Quarterly Report Date.  
Call Option has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Cash Management Agreement means the cash management agreement entered into o n o r about the 
First Issue Date between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Seller, the Account Bank, the 
Investment Manager, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Interest Determination Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Test Report Provider and the Representative of the Bondholders as amended from time to time 
and restated on 18 November 2021 in order to consolidate all the amendments agreed by means o f the 
Amendment Agreements. 
CB Payment Date means the First CB Payment Date and any date o r dates specified as such in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Co nvention o r Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar 
months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first CB Payment Date) or the 
previous CB Payment Date (in any other case). 
CB Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date o r 
any CB Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the following CB Payment Date.

--- Page 270 ---
270
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking Société Anonyme, Luxembourg with o ffices at 42 avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Collection Account means the euro denominated bank account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Account Bank, IBAN: IT82Y1063101600000070201377, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
Collection Period (Periodo di Incasso) means the quarterly periods of each year commencing on (and 
including) the first calendar day of months o f January, A pril, July and Oc tober and ending o n (and 
including), respectively, the last calendar day of the months of March, June, September and December and, 
in the case of the first Collection Period in relation to the Initial Portfolio, commencing on (and excluding) 
the Initial Valuation Date and ending on (and excluding) the first calendar day of month of January 2012. 
Collection Policies (Procedure di Riscossione) means the procedures implemented by the Servicer for the 
management, collection and recovery of the instalments and all and any other amounts from time to time 
due in relation to the Assets, pursuant to the Schedule 1 to the Servicing Agreement.  
Commercial Mortgage Loan Agreement (Contratto di Mutuo Ipotecario Commerciale) means any 
commercial mortgage loan agreement under which a Commercial Mortgage Loan has been granted in favour 
to the relevant Debtor. 
Commercial Mortgage Loan (Mutuo Ipotecario Commerciale) means any Mortgage Loan secured by a 
Mortgage on a Real Estate Asset intended to c ommercial activities (destinato ad uso commerciale) 
comprised in the Cover Pool. 
CONSOB means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
Corporate Servicer (Prestatore di Servizi Amministrativi) means D&B Tax Accounting S.r.l. – società tra 
professionisti or any other entity appointed from time to time to act as such in accordance with the Corporate 
Services Agreement. 
Corporate Services Agreement (Contratto di Servizi Amministrativi) means the agreement entered into 
on 17 June, 2020 between the Guarantor and the Corporate Servicer pursuant to which the Corporate 
Servicer will provide certain administration services to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme. 
Covered Bonds Law (Normativa sui Covered Bond) means, jointly, the Law 130/99, the MEF Decree and 
the BoI Regulations. 
Covered Bond means any covered bond of any Series issued from time to time by the Issuer in the context 
of the Programme. 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements means the 1992 ISDA Master Agreements entered into between the 
Guarantor and the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty on or about the First Issue Date, together with 
the relevant Schedule, the relevant Credit Support Annex which may be from time to time entered into in the 
context of the Programme and the relevant confirmations, which may be from time to time entered into in 
the context of the Programme, documenting the interest rate swap transactions supplemental thereto. 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty means Mediobanca, acting in such capacity or any other entity acting 
as such pursuant to the Covered Bond Swap Agreements. 
Cover Pool (Patrimonio Separato) means the cover pool constituted by (i) the Eligible Assets and the 
Integration Assets purchased from time to time by the Guarantor in the context of the Programme and (ii) 
the Liquidity.

--- Page 271 ---
271 
Cover Pool Swap Agreement means the 1992 ISDA Master Agreements entered into between the Issuer 
and the Cover Pool Swap Counterparty on or about the First Issue Date, together with the relevant Schedule, 
the relevant Credit Support Annex which may be from time to time entered into in the context of the 
Programme and the relevant confirmations, which may be from time to time entered into in the c ontext o f 
the Programme, documenting the interest rate swap transactions supplemental thereto. 
Cover Pool Swap Counterparty means Mediobanca, acting in such capacity or any other entity acting as 
such pursuant to the Cover Pool Swap Agreement. 
Criteria (Criteri) means (i) with respect to the Initial Portfolio, collectively, the General Criteria and the 
Specific Criteria of the Initial Portfolio and (ii) with respect to the Subsequent Po rtfolios and Further 
Portfolios, collectively, the General Criteria, the Specific Criteria and the Further Criteria (if any) o f the 
relevant Subsequent Portfolio or Further Portfolio. 
Current Balance means in relation to a Mortgage Loan and/or any o ther Asset and/or any Eligible 
Investment at any given date, the Outstanding Principal Balance relating to that Mortgage Loan and/or that 
Asset and/or that Eligible Investment as at that date.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the c alculation of an amount fo r any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Co nditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and:  
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it falls, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product o f (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual number o f days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360; 
(v) 
if 30/360 (Fixed rate) is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months

--- Page 272 ---
272
(unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day o f the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month); 
(vi) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number o f days in 
the CB Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a CB Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(vii) 
if 30/360 (Floating Rate) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows  
Day Count Fraction =   
 
 
 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number o f days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction =  
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 273 ---
273
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(ix) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which 
payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction =  
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date o r (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, provided, however, that in each such case the 
number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from and including the first day o f the 
Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period. 
Dealers means Mediobanca and Mediobanca International, as well as any other entity which may be 
appointed as such by the Issuer upon execution of a letter in the terms or substantially in the terms set out in 
Schedule 8 (Form of Dealer Accession Letter) to the Programme Agreement on any other terms acceptable to 
the Issuer and such entity.  
Debtor (Debitore Ceduto) means any borrower, any person which has granted a Security Interest and/or 
any other person who is liable for the payment or repayment of amounts due in respect o f an Asset or a 
Security Interest and Debtors means from time to time all of them. 
Decree No. 239 means the Italian Legislative Decree 1 April 1996, No. 239 as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 274 ---
274
Deed of Charge means the English law deed of charge entered into o n o r about the First Issue Date 
between the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bo ndholders (acting as security trustee fo r the 
Bondholders and for the other Secured Creditors). 
Deed of Pledge means the deed of pledge governed by Italian law executedon 3 August 2016 between the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Account Bank in the context of the Programme. 
Defaulted Assets (Attivi in Sofferenza) means (A) any Asset arising from Mortgage Lo ans and Public 
Entities Receivables included in the Cover Pool (a) having at least seven monthly instalments which are past 
due and unpaid, and in relation to which the relevant Debtor has been classified as being “in sofferenza” by 
the Servicer in accordance with the Bank of Italy regulations as amended and updated from time to time and 
collection policy thereof, and (B) the Assets different from the Mortgage Loans and the Public Entities 
Receivables included in the Cover Pool in relation to which the relevant Debtor has been classified as being 
“in sofferenza” by the Servicer in accordance with the Bank of Italy regulations as amended and updated 
from time to time and collection policy thereof. 
Defaulting Party has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Swap Agreements. 
Delinquent Assets means (A) any Asset arising from Mortgage Loans and the Public Entities Receivables 
included in the Cover Pool having (a) days in arrear for more than 90 days or (b) (“inadempienza probabile”) 
four instalments which are past due and fully unpaid, even if such instalments are not consecutive and (B) 
the Assets different from the Mortgage Loans and the Public Entities Receivables included in the Cover Pool 
in relation to which the relevant Debtor has been classified as being “ad inadempienza probabile” by the 
Servicer in accordance with the Bank of Italy regulations as amended and updated from time to time and 
collection policy thereof. 
Due for Payment Date means (a) a Scheduled Due for Payment Date (as defined below) or (b) fo llowing 
the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the date on which the Guarantor Default Notice is served o n 
the Guarantor. If the Due for Payment Date is not a Business Day, Due for Payment Date will be the next 
Business Day. 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has or have the 
earliest Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bo nds is subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date and the relevant Extension Period has already started) as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) means, in respect of any Series o f Covered Bo nds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Date means, as applicable, the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) or the date on which any Series of Covered Bonds is to be redeemed pursuant to 
Condition 8 (c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Early Termination Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount o f 
such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the Terms and 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms. 
Eligible Assets (Attivi Idonei) means the following assets contemplated under article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of 
the MEF Decree: 
(i) 
the Residential Mortgage Loans;

--- Page 275 ---
275
(ii) 
the Commercial Mortgage Loans; 
(iii) 
the Public Assets; and 
(iv) 
the Asset Backed Securities. 
Eligible Institution means any depository institution organised under the laws o f any State which is a 
member of the European Union or of the United States having a Long-Term Rating at least equal to “BBB” or 
a Short-Term Rating at least equal to “F2” by Fitch or which is guaranteed by an entity having a Lo ng-Term 
Rating at least equal to “BBB” or a Short-Term Rating at least equal to “F2”  
Eligible Investments means the Euro denominated senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt 
instruments, provided that, in all cases:  
(a) 
such investments are immediately repayable on demand, disposable without penalty or have a 
maturity date falling on or before the third Business Day preceding the Guarantor Payment Date 
immediately succeeding the Collection Period in respect of which such eligible investments were 
made;  
(b) 
such investments provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than 
the initially invested amount) or in case of repayment or disposal, the principal amount upon 
repayment or disposal is at least equal to the principal amount invested and cannot include any 
embedded options (unless full payment of principal is paid in cash upon the exercise of the 
embedded option; 
(c) 
such debt securities or other debt instruments having at least:  
(1)  
“BBB” or ”F2”, for investments maturing up to 30 days; 
(2) 
“AA-” or “F1+”, for investments maturing from 30 days to 365 days; 
 
(d) 
a Euro denominated time deposit (including, for avoidance of any doubt, a term deposit) o pened 
with the Account Bank or any other Eligible Institution; and 
(e) 
repurchase transactions between the Guarantor and an Eligible Institution in respect o f Euro 
denominated debt securities or other debt instruments having the rating requirements specified 
under paragraph (c) above, provided that (i) title to the securities underlying such repurchase 
transactions (in the period between the execution of the relevant repurchase transactions and their 
respective maturity) effectively passes to the Guarantor and the o bligations o f the relevant 
counterparty are not related to the performance of the underlying securities, (ii) such repurchase 
transactions have a maturity date falling on or before the third Business Day preceding the 
Guarantor Payment Date immediately succeeding the Collection Period in respect of which such 
eligible investments were made.  
EURIBOR shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Euro, € and EUR refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which adopt the 
single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community. 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., with offices at 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
Euro Equivalent means, in case of an issuance of Covered Bonds denominated in currency other than the 
Euro, an equivalent amount expressed in Euro calculated by the Calculation Agent at the prevailing exchange 
rate or, in case a cross-currency swap has been entered in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the exchange 
rate of the relevant cross-currency swap.

--- Page 276 ---
276
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts means any additional amounts relating to default interest o r 
interest upon interest payable by the Issuer. 
Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts means any additional amounts relating to prepayments, early 
redemption, broken funding indemnities, or penalties payable by the Issuer. 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount means any termination payment due and payable by the 
Guarantor to a Swap Counterparty, where the Swap Counterparty is the Defaulting Party or the sole Affected 
Party pursuant to the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Expenses Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank, IBAN: IT78T1063101600000070201380, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement, into which the Retention A mount will be 
credited and from which any Expenses and Taxes will be paid during the period c omprised between a 
Guarantor Payment Date and the immediately subsequent Guarantor Payment Date. 
Expenses means any documented fees, costs, expenses, to be paid by the Guarantor in order to preserve its 
corporate existence, to maintain it in good standing and to comply with applicable legislation. 
Extended Maturity Date means the date, if any specified as such in the relevant Final Terms when final 
redemption payments in relation to a specific Series of Covered Bonds become due and payable pursuant to 
the extension of the relevant Maturity Date . 
Extension Determination Date means, with respect to each Series of Covered Bo nds, the date falling 
seven days after the Maturity Date of the relevant Series.  
Extension Period means, with reference to the Series of Covered Bonds subject to an Extended Maturity 
Date, the period starting on the relevant Maturity Date (included) and ending on the relevant Ex tended 
Maturity Date (excluded).  
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Rules attached to the Conditions. 
Facility means the facility to be granted by the Subordinated Lender pursuant to the terms of Clause 2 of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount o f 
such Series. 
Final Terms means the final terms related to each Series of Covered Bond whose form is included in the 
Prospectus. 
First CB Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
First Issue Date (Prima Data di Emissione) means the Issue Date of the first Series o f Covered Bo nds 
issued under the Programme. 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited Sede Secondaria Italiana. 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Provisions means Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions). 
Floating Rate Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 277 ---
277
Floating Rate Provisions means the relevant provisions of Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions). 
Further Criteria (Criteri Ulteriori) means the eligibility criteria, other than the General Criteria and the 
Specific Criteria, which the Seller and the Guarantor may apply, from time to time, to  each Subsequent 
Portfolio and Further Portfolio, specifying such further criteria in the Schedule B to the relevant Transfer 
Proposal.  
Further Portfolio (Portafoglio Ulteriore) means all the Eligible Assets, c ompliant with the General 
Criteria, the relevant Specific Criteria and the relevant Further Criteria (if any), which may be purchased as a 
pool (in blocco) and pro soluto by the Guarantor pursuant to Clause 4 (Cessione di Ulteriori Portafogli su 
base revolving) of the Master Purchase Agreement. 
GDPR means Regulation (EU) no. 679 of 27 April 2016. 
General Criteria (Criteri Generali) means, jointly, (i) the Mortgage General Criteria, (ii) the Public Assets 
General Criteria and (iii) the ABS General Criteria. 
Guarantee means the guarantee issued on or about the First Issue Date by the Guarantor in favour o f the 
Beneficiaries. 
Guaranteed Payment Obligations means the payment obligations of interest and principal in relation of 
each Series of Covered Bonds guaranteed under the Guarantee. 
Guaranteed Amounts means (a) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, with respect to any 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to (i) the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled 
Principal, in each case, payable on that Schedule Due for Payment Date o r any other amounts due and 
payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds pursuant to the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms and (ii) all amounts payable by the Guarantor under the Transaction Documents ranking senior to any 
payment due in respect of the Covered Bonds according to the applicable Priority of Payments, o r (b) after 
the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, an amount equal to (i) the relevant Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined and specified in the Terms and Conditions) plus all accrued and unpaid interests and all o ther 
amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all Excluded Sc heduled Interest 
Amounts and all Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose), and (ii) all amounts 
payable by the Guarantor under the Transaction Documents ranking senior to any payment due in respect to  
the Covered Bonds according to the applicable Priority of Payments. The Guaranteed Amounts include any 
Guaranteed Amount that was timely paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Bondholders to the extent it has 
been clawed back and recovered from the Bondholders by the receiver or liquidator, in bankruptcy o r o ther 
insolvency or similar proceedings for the Issuer named or identified in the order, and has no t been paid or 
recovered from any other source (the “Clawed Back Amounts”). 
Guarantor Default Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.3 (Guarantor Events of Default). 
Guarantor Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.3 (Guarantor Events of Default). 
Guarantor means Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l., a limited liability company incorporated under the laws 
of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office at Corso di Porta Romana No. 61, 20122 Milan, Italy, Fiscal 
Code and registration with the Companies Register in Milan No. 03915310969, under the direction and 
coordination of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Guarantor Payment Account means the euro denominated account established in the name o f the 
Guarantor with the Paying Agent with number 800882300 (Iban code: IT  96 R 03479 01600 
000800882300),or such other substitute account as may be o pened in accordance with the Cash 
Management Agreement into which the Cash Manager (on behalf of the Guarantor) will credit by 9:00 a.m.

--- Page 278 ---
278
of each Due for Payment Date the amounts due from time to time under the Covered Bonds and out of which 
the Paying Agent will make the payments due in favour of the Bondholders on behalf of the Guarantor after 
to the service of an Issuer Default Notice. 
Guarantor Payment Date means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling 
on the 28th day of January, April, July and October or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately 
following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, any day on which any 
payment is required to be made by the Representative of the Bondholders in accordance with the Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments, the relevant Terms and Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. The 
first Guarantor Payment Date will fall on 28 January, 2011. 
Initial Portfolio (Portafoglio Iniziale) means the portfolio of receivables arising from Residential Mortgage 
Loan Agreement purchased by the Guarantor on 30 November, 2011 pursuant to Article 2 of the Master 
Purchase Agreement in order to allow Mediobanca to issue the First Series of the Covered Bonds. 
Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement (Contratto di Finanziamento Subordinato Iniziale) means the 
subordinated loan agreement entered into between the Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor on 30 
November, 2011. 
Initial Subordinated Loan (Finanziamento Subordinato Iniziale) means the subordinated loan granted 
by the Subordinated Lender in favour of the Guarantor pursuant to the Initial Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
Initial Valuation Date (Data di Valutazione Iniziale) means, with reference to the Initial Portfolio, the 
date falling on 30 September, 2011.  
Initial Transfer Date (Data di Cessione Iniziale) means, with reference to the Initial Portfolio, the date on 
which the Publicities has been carried out. 
Insolvency Event means in respect of any company, entity or corporation that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, 
administration, insolvency, composition or reorganisation (including, without limitation, 
“fallimento”, “liquidazione coatta amministrativa”, “concordato preventivo” and “amministrazione 
straordinaria”, each such expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic 
of Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, winding-up, reorganisation, dissolution, 
administration) or similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part o f the undertaking or 
assets of such company, entity or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any procedure having 
a similar effect (other than in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio o f assets purchased by the 
Guarantor for the purposes of further programme of issuance o f Covered Bo nds), unless in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders, (who may in this respect rely o n the advice o f a 
legal adviser selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a reasonable 
prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) above is made in respect of 
or by such company, entity or corporation or such proceedings are otherwise initiated against such 
company or corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders (who may in 
this respect rely on the advice o f a legal adviser selected by it), the c ommencement of such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment of deferment of any o f its 
obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Transaction Documents)

--- Page 279 ---
279
or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect o f any o f its indebtedness o r any 
guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension o f payments (other than, in 
respect of the Issuer, the issuance of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Act); or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution in 
any form of such company, entity or corporation or any of the events under article 2448 of the Civil 
Code occurs with respect to such company, entity or corporation (except in any such case a winding-
up or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, 
the terms of which have been previously approved in writing by the Representative of the 
Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or analogous to 
those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or corporation is deemed to 
carry on business. 
Insolvency Law means Royal Decree 16 March 1942, No. 267 , as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. 
Integration Assets (Attivi Idonei Integrativi) means, in accordance with article 2, sub-paragraph 3.2 and 
3.3 of MEF Decree, each of the following assets: 
(i) 
deposits held with banks which have their registered o ffice in the European Ec onomic Area o r 
Switzerland or in a country for which a 0% risk weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank of 
Italy's prudential regulations for banks -standardised approach; and 
(ii) 
securities issued by the banks indicated in item (i) above, which have a residual maturity not 
exceeding one year. 
Integration Assets Limit (Limite per gli Attivi Idonei Integrativi) means the maximum percentage o f 
Integration Assets (taking into account the Liquidity) which may be comprised in the Cover Pool pursuant to 
the Covered Bonds Law, i.e. 15% of the Cover Pool. 
Intercreditor Agreement (Accordo tra Creditori) means the agreement entered into on or about the First 
Issue Date between the Guarantor and the other Secured Creditors as amended from time to time and 
restated on 18 November 2021 in order to consolidate all the amendments agreed by means o f the 
Amendment Agreements.  
Interest Amount means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and a CB Interest Period, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of that Series for that CB Interest Period. 
Interest Available Funds (Fondi Disponibili in Linea Interessi) means, on each Guarantor Payment Date: 
(i) 
any interest collected by the Servicer and/or by the Guarantor in respect of the Assets and credited 
into the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
(ii) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties received by the Servicer and/or by the Guarantor 
and credited into the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
(iii) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or deduction or expenses, if due) and paid o n 
the Accounts during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(iv) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments during the preceding Collection Period;

--- Page 280 ---
280
(v) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal received under the Cover Pool Swaps;  
(vi) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal received under each Covered Bond Swap o ther than 
the Swap Collateral (if any); 
(vii) 
any swap termination payments received from a Swap Counterparty under a Swap A greement, 
provided that such amounts will first be used to pay a Replacement Swap Counterparty to enter into 
a Replacement Swap Agreement, unless a Replacement Swap Agreement has already been entered 
into by or on behalf of the Guarantor;  
(viii) 
prior to the service of a Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor amounts standing to the credit of the 
Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve Amount and following the service o f a Issuer 
Default Notice on the Guarantor, any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account; 
(ix) 
all amounts to be allocated from the Principal Available Funds as Interest Shortfall Amount; 
(x) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest Available 
Funds or Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Coverage Test means the test to be calculated pursuant to the terms of the Portfolio Management 
Agreement so that the amount of interest and other revenues generated by the assets included in the Cover 
Pool (including the payments of any nature expected to be received by the Guarantor with respect to any 
Swap Agreement), net of the costs borne by the Guarantor (including the payments of any nature expected to 
be born or due with respect to any Swap Agreement), shall be at least equal to the amount of interests and 
costs due on all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Interest Determination Agent means BNP Paribas Securities Services, Milan Branch which is appointed 
to act as interest determination agent pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement.  
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Shortfall Amount means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, the amount due and payable under 
items from (i) to (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment, to the extent that the 
Interest Available Funds are not sufficient, on such Guarantor Payment Date, to make such payments in full.  
Investor Report means the report containing certain information on the Cover Pool and o n the Covered 
Bond which shall be delivered, on each Investor Report Date, by the Calculation Agent - subject to timely 
receipt of certain information - via e-mail to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Bondholders, the Cash Manager, the Seller, the Servicer, the Paying Agent, the Account Bank and the Rating 
Agency. 
Investor Report Date means a date falling not later than the second Business Day fo llowing each 
Calculation Date. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the 
first Series of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
ISDA Determination means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with Condition 6(c) 
(ISDA Determination).

--- Page 281 ---
281
Issue Date (Data di Emissione) means each date on which any Series of Covered Bond will be issued in the 
context of the Programme. 
Issuer means Mediobanca. 
Issuer Default Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.1 (Issuer Events of Default). 
Issuer Default Notice Date means the date on which the Guarantor has received the Issuer Default Notice 
sent by the Representative of the Bondholders. 
Issuer Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.1 (Issuer Events of Default). 
Issuer Payment Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Issuer with 
the Paying Agent with number 800882200 (Iban code: IT 76 Q 03479 01600 000800882200), or such other 
substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement, into which the 
Issuer will credit by 9:00 a.m. of each CB Payment Date the amounts due from time to time under the 
Covered Bonds and out of which the Paying Agent will make the payments due in favour of the Bondholders 
on behalf of the Issuer prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice. 
Joint Resolution means the resolution of  13 August, 2018 jointly issued by CONSOB and the Bank of Italy 
as amended from time to time. 
Latest Maturing Covered Bonds means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has o r have the 
latest Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bo nds is subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date and the relevant Extension Period has already started) as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Latest Valuation means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset, the value given to the relevant 
Real Estate Asset by the most recent valuation (to be performed in accordance with the requirements 
provided for under the prudential regulations for banks issued by the Bank of Italy) addressed to the Seller or 
obtained from an independently maintained valuation model, acceptable to reasonable and prudent 
institutional mortgage lenders in Italy. 
Law 130/99 (Securitisation Law) means law n. 130 of 30 April 1999. 
Life of the Programme means the period of time comprised between the First Issue Date and the latest of 
(i) the date on which the Revolving Period has elapsed and (ii) the Programme End Date. 
Liquidity (Liquidità) means any and all amounts from time to time standing to the credit of the Accounts 
(other than the Quota Capital Account). 
“Long-Term Deposit Rating” means the long-term rating which may be assigned from Fitch to a bank 
account provider. 
“Long-Term IDR” means, with reference to an institution, the long-term issuer default rating (IDR) 
assigned from Fitch to such institution. 
“Long-Term Rating” means (i) with reference to the Account Bank or the Paying Agent, a Long-Term 
Deposit Rating (if assigned from Fitch) or a Long-Term IDR (where no Long-Term Deposit Rating is 
assigned from Fitch); and (ii) in any other case, a Long-Term IDR. 
Main Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the main financial centre fo r that currency 
provided, however, that:

--- Page 282 ---
282 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the main financial c entre of such Member State o f the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Interest Determination Agent and/or the Paying Agent (as the case may be); and  
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney o r Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the c ase o f a 
payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Interest Determination agent and/or 
the Paying Agent (as the case may be).  
Mandatory Test means the tests provided for under article 3 of MEF Decree. 
Mandatory Test Verification has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 3 of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Master Definitions Agreement (Accordo Quadro sulle Definizioni) means the master definitions 
agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Seller and the Representative of the Bondholders, containing all the definitions o f the terms used in the 
Transaction Documents, as amended from time to time and restated o n 1 8 November 2021 in o rder to 
consolidate all the amendments agreed by means of the Amendment Agreements. 
Master Purchase Agreement (Contratto Quadro di Cessione) means the master purchase agreement 
entered into on 30 November, 2011 between, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Seller, as amended from time 
to time and restated on 18 November 2021 in order to consolidate all the amendments agreed by means o f 
the Amendment Agreements. 
Maturity Date (Data di Scadenza Convenzionale) means the date on which final redemption payments in 
relation to a specific Series of Covered Bonds become due in accordance with the Final Terms.  
Maximum Rate of Interest has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Mediobanca Group (Gruppo Mediobanca) means the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
Mediobanca International means Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A., a société anonyme 
subject to Luxembourg law and having its registered office at 14 Boulevard Roosevelt L-2450 Luxembourg, 
registered at the Luxembourg trade and companies registry under registration number B 112885. 
Meeting has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
MEF Decree means the decree issued by the Minister of Economy and Finance on 14 December 2006, No . 
310 in relation to the covered bonds. 
Minimum Rate of Interest has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Monte Titoli Account Holders means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) in accordance with A rticle 
83-quater of Legislative Decree No. 58/98 and includes any depositary banks approved by Clearstream and 
Euroclear. 
Monte Titoli means Monte Titoli S.p.A.

--- Page 283 ---
283 
Mortgage Loan General Criteria (Criteri Generali dei Crediti Ipotecari) means the general criteria o n 
the basis of which shall be selected the Mortgage Loans to be included in each Portfolio, as specified in the 
Schedule 1 – Part I – Section I to the Master Purchase Agreement.  
Mortgage Loan Agreement means any Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement or Commercial Mortgage 
Loan Agreement out of which the Receivables arise. 
Mortgage Loan means a Residential Mortgage Loan or a Commercial Mortgage Loan, as the case may be, 
the claims in respect of which have been and/or will be transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to 
the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Mortgages (Ipoteche) means the mortgages created on the Real Estate Assets pursuant to Italian law in 
order to secure claims in respect of the Receivables. 
Negative Carry Factor means (i) nil if the relevant Covered Bond has a corresponding Cover Pool Swap 
structured as Total Balance Guaranteed Swap, otherwise (ii) a percentage calculated by reference to the 
weighted average margin of the Covered Bonds and will, in any event, be not less than 0.5 per cent. 
Offer Date (Data di Offerta) means (i) with respect to the purchase of each Subsequent Portfolio, a date 
falling not later than the fourth Business Day preceding each Issue Date, and (ii) with respect to the purchase 
of each Further Portfolio, a date falling not later than the fourth Business Day preceding each Guarantor 
Payment Date, i.e. the date within which the Seller may send to the Guarantor the Transfer Proposal 
pursuant to Article 3.2 of the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bo nds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Organisation of the Bondholders means the association of the Bondholders, organised pursuant to the 
Rules. 
Outstanding Principal Balance means, at any date, in relation to a Mortgage Lo an, and/or any o ther 
Asset and/or any Eligible Investment, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such Mortgage 
Loan or such other Asset or such Eligible Investment at such date. 
Paying Agent means Mediobanca, as long as it is an Eligible Institution and provided that an Issuer Ev ent 
of Default has not occurred, otherwise BNP Paribas Securities Services, Milan Branch which is appointed to 
act as paying agent under the terms of the Cash Management Agreement, and any of its successors. 
Payment Business Day means a day on which banks in the relevant Place o f Payment are open fo r 
payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in fo reign c urrencies and any day 
which is: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or

--- Page 284 ---
284 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be c arried 
on in the Main Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre. 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint v enture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
Place of Payment means, in respect of any Bondholders, the place at which such Bo ndholder receives 
payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds. 
Pledge Account means, collectively, the Accounts listed under Schedule 3 to the Deed of Pledge.  
Pledged Claims has the meaning attributed to in Clause 2.1 of the Deed of Pledge. 
Portfolio Management Agreement means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date 
between the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Test Report Provider, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent 
and the Representative of the Bondholders as amended from time to time and restated on 18 November 2021 
in order to consolidate all the amendments agreed by means of the Amendment Agreements. 
Portfolio (Portafoglio) means, collectively, the Initial Portfolio, any Subsequent Portfolios and any Further 
Portfolios which will be purchased by the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Master Purchase 
Agreement. 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payment means the order of priority pursuant to which 
the Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, in accordance with Clause 5.4 of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payment means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the service of an Issuer Default 
Notice, but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, in accordance with Clause 5.3 of the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Potential Set-Off Amounts means an amount calculated o n a quarterly basis by the Servicer and 
communicated to the Rating Agency as a percentage of the Cover Pool that the Servicer determines as 
potentially subject to set-off risk by the relevant Debtors, taking into consideration the portion of the Debtors 
having current and deposit accounts opened with the Seller.   
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment means the order of priority pursuant to  
which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of 
an Issuer Default Notice, in accordance with Clause 5.1 of the Intercreditor Agreement.  
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payment means the order of priority pursuant to  
which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of 
an Issuer Default Notice, in accordance with Clause 5.2 of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payment means, as applicable, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payment or the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payment. 
Premium Interests means, on any Guarantor Payment Date:  
(A) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive difference 
between (a) the sum of the Interest Available Funds, with respect to the immediately preceding 
Collection Period, and (b) the algebraic sum of the amounts due by the Guarantor under items from 
(i) to (xi) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; or

--- Page 285 ---
285
(B) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default but prior to the occurrence o f a Guarantor 
Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive difference between (a) the sum o f the Available 
Funds with respect to the immediately preceding Collection Period and (b) the algebraic sum o f the 
amounts due by the Guarantor under items from (i) to (ix) (included) of the Post-Issuer Ev ent of 
Default Priority of Payments; or 
(C) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive difference 
between (a) the sum of the Available Funds with respect to the immediately preceding Co llection 
Period and (b) the algebraic sum of the amounts due by the Guarantor under items from (i) to (vii) 
(included) of the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments.  
Principal Amount Outstanding means, on any date: (a) in relation to a Covered Bo nd, the principal 
amount of that Covered Bond upon issue less the aggregate amount of any principal payments in respect o f 
that Covered Bond which have become due and payable (and been paid) on or prior to that date; and (b) in 
relation to the Covered Bonds outstanding at any time, the aggregate of the amount in (a) in respect o f all 
Covered Bonds outstanding. 
Principal Available Funds means, on each Guarantor Payment Date: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer and/or the Guarantor in respect of the Cover Pool and 
credited to the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by the Servicer and/or the Guarantor and 
credited from time to time to the Transaction Account;  
(c) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the Assets; 
(d) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under any Swap Agreements; and 
(e) 
principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool in the past Collection Periods 
but still standing to the credit of the Transaction Account. 
Priorities of Payments (Ordine di Priorità dei Pagamenti) means each of the o rders in which the 
Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Privacy Code means the legislative decree no. 196 dated 30 June 2003 as amended and supplemented from 
time to time, as well as any implementing regulations thereto. 
Privacy Rules means the Privacy Code, the GDPR and any o ther legislative act o r provision o f an 
administrative or regulatory nature - adopted by the Italian Privacy A uthority (Autorità Garante per la 
Protezione dei Dati Personali) and/or other competent authority - in force from time to time. 
Program Debtor means any Counterparty who is or may become the debtor of any of the claims and rights 
over which the Pledge is hereby created other than the Debtors. 
Programme End Date means the earlier between (i) the date falling o n a year and o ne day after the 
Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full at their relevant Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, if 
applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms) and (ii) in case of prepayment in full of the Covered Bonds, 
the date falling on two years and one day after the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full. 
Programme (Programma) means the covered bond issue programme for the issuance of several Series o f 
Covered Bond by the Issuer pursuant to article 7-bis of Law 130/99.

--- Page 286 ---
286 
Programme Agreement means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date between the 
Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Initial Dealer, as amended 
from time to time and restated on18 November 2021 in order to consolidate all the amendments agreed by 
means of the Amendment Agreements. 
Programme Resolution has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
Prospectus Regulation means the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as from time to time amended. 
Publicity (Pubblicità) means, in relation to each Portfolio, collectively: (i) the publication o n the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy of the transfer notice of such Portfolio, substantially in the fo rm attached 
under Schedule 5 to the Master Purchase Agreement and (ii) the filing of an application for the registration of 
such assignment with the competent Companies’ Register.  
Public Assets (Attivi Pubblici) means, collectively, the Public Entities Receivables and Public Entities 
Securities. 
Public Assets General Criteria (Criteri Generali degli Attivi Pubblici) means the general criteria o n the 
basis of which shall be selected the Public Assets to be included in each Subsequent Portfolio and/or Further 
Portfolio, as specified in the Schedule 1 – Part I – Section II to the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Public Entity Receivables means, pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of MEF Decree, any receivables 
owned by or receivables which have been benefit of a guarantee eligible for credit risk mitigation granted by: 
(i) 
Public Entities, including ministerial bodies and local o r regional bodies, located within the 
European Economic Area or Switzerland for which a risk weight not exceeding 20% is applicable in 
accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach; and  
(ii) 
Public Entities, located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, fo r which a 0 % risk 
weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank o f Italy's prudential regulations fo r banks - 
standardised approach - or regional or local public entities or non-economic administrative entities, 
located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, for which a risk weight not exceeding 
20% is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - 
standardised approach, provided that, the Public Entities Receivables described under item (ii) above 
may not amount to more than 10% of the aggregate nominal value of the Cover Pool. 
Public Entity Securities means pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of MEF Dec ree, any securities 
issued by or which have benefit of a guarantee eligible for credit risk mitigation granted by: 
(i) 
Public Entities, including ministerial bodies and local o r regional bodies, located within the 
European Economic Area or Switzerland for which a risk weight not exceeding 20% is applicable in 
accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach; and  
(ii) 
Public Entities, located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, fo r which a 0 % risk 
weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank o f Italy's prudential regulations fo r banks - 
standardised approach - or regional or local public entities or non-economic administrative entities, 
located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, for which a risk weight not exceeding 
20% is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - 
standardised approach, provided that, the Public Entities Securities described under item (ii) above 
may not amount to more than 10% of the aggregate nominal value of the Cover Pool.

--- Page 287 ---
287
Public Loan (Finanziamento Pubblico) means any loans granted by any entity referred to in Article 2, 
paragraph 1(c), n. 1) and 2) of MEF Decree, or secured by the same entities in compliance with the provisions 
of Article 2, paragraph 1(c) of the MEF Decree.  
Put Option has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to the Paying A gent by any Bo ndholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Bondholder. 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by the Paying Agent to a depositing Bondholder upon deposit 
of Covered Bonds with the Paying Agent by any Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered 
Bonds at the option of the Bondholder. 
Quarterly Report (Rendiconto Trimestrale) means the quarterly report prepared by the Servicer pursuant 
to Article 3.14 of the Servicing Agreement to be sent by the Servicer within the Quarterly Report Date to the 
Guarantor, the Seller, the Issuer, the Asset Monitor, the Rating Agency, the Calculation Agent, the Corporate 
Services Provider, the Swap Counterparties and the Representative of the Bondholders. 
Quarterly Report Date (Data di Rendiconto Trimestrale) means the date falling on the 1 4th day o f 
January, April, July and October or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business 
Day.  
Quota 
Capital 
Account 
means 
the 
Euro 
denominated 
account 
IBAN 
No. 
IT75P1063101600000070092700 opened with Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., where the 
issued and paid-up corporate capital account of the Guarantor has been deposited. 
Quotaholders' Agreement means the agreement entered into o n 1 8 November 2021 between the 
Guarantor, the Quotaholders and the Representative of the Bondholders. 
Quotaholders means Chebanca and SPV Holding S.r.l. and each assignee of the relevant participation in 
the issued and paid-up corporate capital of the Guarantor. 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) o f interest payable in 
respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
Rating Agency means Fitch. 
Real Estate Asset (Immobile) means any real estate asset mortgaged as security of a Receivable under a 
Mortgage Loan Agreement. 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Banks has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks selected 
by the Interest Determination Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate. 
Reference Price has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Rate means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the deposit rate, the interbank rate, the 
swap rate or bond yield, as the case may be, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date and as determined by the Interest Determination Agent.

--- Page 288 ---
288
Reference Rate Event means, with reference to the Reference Rate applicable to  a Series o f a Covered 
Bond, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the Relevant Screen Page o n which the Reference 
Rate appears has been discontinued or it is materially changed or (ii) a decision to withdraw the 
authorization or registration to the administrator of the Reference Rate as set out in Article 35 o f the 
Benchmarks Regulation has been adopted by the competent authority. 
Registered Paying Agent means any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in respect 
of the Covered Bonds issued in a registered form under the Programme. 
Registrar means any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as registrar in respect of the 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer will keep the 
register and will not delegate such activity, any reference to the Registrar will be construed as a reference to 
the Issuer. 
Registered Paying Agent means any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in respect 
of the Covered Bonds issued in a registered form under the Programme. 
Registrar means any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as registrar in respect of the 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer will keep the 
register and will not delegate such activity, any reference to the Registrar will be construed as a reference to 
the Issuer. 
Regular Period means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid o nly by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the 
first CB Payment Date and each successive period from and including one CB Payment Date to but 
excluding the next CB Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls; and  
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other than the first CB 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from 
and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Pay ment Date falls 
other than the CB Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular CB Interest Period. 
Relevant Clearing System means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxemburg and/or any other c learing 
system (other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system through which 
payments under the Covered Bonds may be made. 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later o f (a) the date o n which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the Main 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date o n 
which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Bondholders. 
Relevant Dealer(s) means, in relation to a Series, the Dealer(s) which is/are party to any agreement in 
writing entered into with the Issuer and the Guarantor for the issue by the Issuer and the subscription by 
such Dealer(s) of such Series pursuant to the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 289 ---
289 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other 
page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in 
each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for 
the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate. 
Relevant Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Representative of the Bondholders (Rappresentante dei Portatori dei Covered Bond) means the entity 
that will act as representative of the holders of each series of Covered Bonds pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents. 
Required Redemption Amount means the Euro Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding in 
respect of the relevant Covered Bond, multiplied by 1 + (Negative Carry Factor x (days to the Maturity Date of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bond (or the Extended Maturity Date if applicable)/365). 
Required Reserve Amount means an amount which will be determined, initially, on each Issue Date fo r 
the relevant Series of Covered Bond and then on each Calculation Date and which will be equal to the 
aggregate amount of (a) one fourth of the annual amount payable under items (ii) and (iv) of the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment; and (b) any interest amounts due on the Covered Bond on the 
next CB Payment Date. 
Reserve Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Account Bank, IBAN: IT09W1063101600000070201383, or such other substitute account as may be opened 
in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement means any residential mortgage loan agreement o ut o f which 
Receivables arise. 
Residential Mortgage Loan means, pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of MEF Decree, a residential 
mortgage loan in respect of which the relevant amount outstanding added to the principal amount 
outstanding of any higher ranking mortgage loans secured by the same property, does not exceed 80 per cent 
of the value of the property and for which the hardening period with respect to the perfection of the relevant 
mortgage has elapsed. 
Revolving Period means the period of time during which Mediobanca may issue several Series of Covered 
Bonds under the Programme pursuant to art. 7-bis of the Law 130/99. 
Rules (Regolamento dei Portatori dei Covered Bond) means the rules of the organisation of the 
Bondholders, attached to the Conditions and forming an integral part thereof. 
Retention Amount means an amount equal to Euro 50,000. 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date means: 
(i) 
(a) the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Amounts is 
reached, and (b) only with respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the later of (i) the day which is two Business Days following 
the service of the Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts and 
(ii) the relevant Scheduled Payment Date; or

--- Page 290 ---
290 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specified that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Scheduled Payment Date that would have applied if the 
Maturity Date of such series or tranche of Covered Bonds had been the Extended Maturity Date o r 
such other Scheduled Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Scheduled Interest means in respect of each Scheduled Payment Date following the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice to the Guarantor, an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have been 
due and payable under the Covered Bonds on such Scheduled Payment Date as specified in the Terms and 
Conditions falling on or after the service of an Issuer Default Notice to the Guarantor (but excluding any 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts).  
Scheduled Payment Date means, in relation to any payments due under the Guarantee, each CB Payment 
Date or, if applicable under the relevant Final Terms, each Optional Redemption Date.  
Scheduled Principal means in respect of each Scheduled Payment Date following the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice to the Guarantor, an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have 
been due and repayable under the Covered Bonds on such Scheduled Payment dates as specified in the 
Terms and Conditions (but excluding any Excluded Scheduled Principal Amount).  
Screen Rate Determination means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6 (b) (Screen Rate Determination). 
Secured Creditors (Creditori Garantiti) means the Bondholders, the Seller, the Servicer, the Subordinated 
Lender, the Investment Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Asset 
Monitor, the Cover Pool Swap Counterparty, the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, the Account Bank, the 
Paying Agents, the Test Report Provider, the Interest Determination Agent, the Registered Paying Agent (if 
any), the Registrar (if any), the Corporate Servicer and the Portfolio Manager (if any). 
Securities Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank, No. T55U1063101600000070201381, or such other substitute account as may be opened 
in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Security Interest (Garanzia degli Attivi) means any Mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, encumbrance and any 
other security interest or personal guarantee (garanzie reali o personali) granted in favour o f the Seller in 
relation to each Mortgage Loan, Mortgage Loan Agreement or Receivables (except fo r the fidejussioni 
omnibus which have not been granted exclusively in relation to or in connection with the Mo rtgage Loans, 
Mortgage Loan Agreements or Receivables).  
Segregation Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.1 (Segregation Event). 
Selected Assets means the Eligible Assets and the Integration Assets selected by the Portfolio Manager or 
by the Servicer pursuant to Clause 5 of the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
Seller (Cedente) means CheBanca in its capacity as such pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Series or Series of Covered Bonds (Serie) means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the c ontext o f 
the Programme. 
Servicer means CheBanca in its capacity as such pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
Servicing Agreement (Contratto di Servicing) means the agreement entered into, on 30 November, 2011, 
between the Guarantor and the Servicer as amended from time to time and restated on 18 November 2021 in 
order to consolidate all the amendments agreed by means of the Amendment Agreements.

--- Page 291 ---
291
Settlement Report Date means the fifth Business Day before the Guarantor Payment Date. 
Specific Criteria (Criteri Specifici) means the eligibility criteria, other than the General Criteria, related to 
each Portfolio, as specified (i) in the Schedule I – Part II of the Master Purchase Agreement, with respect to 
the Initial Portfolio and (ii) in the Schedule I – Part III of the Master Purchase Agreement, with respect to 
each Subsequent Portfolio and Further Portfolio. 
Specified Currency means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms).  
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, as agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Specified Office means (i) in the case of the Interest Determination Agent, Bnp Paribas Securities Services, 
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 3, Milano, Italy; or (ii) in the case of any other Paying Agent, the offices specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or (iii) in the case of the Calculation Agent, CheBanca, Viale Bodio 37, Palazzo 4, 20158 
Milano, or, in each case, such other office in the same city or town as such agent may specify by notice to the 
Issuer and the other parties to the Cash Management Agreement in the manner provided therein. 
Short-Term Deposit Rating means the short-term rating which may be assigned from Fitch to a bank 
account provider. 
Short-Term IDR means, with reference to an institution, the short-term issuer default rating (IDR) 
assigned from Fitch to such institution. 
Short-Term Rating means (i) with reference to the Account Bank, a Short-Term Deposit Rating (if 
assigned from Fitch) or a Short-Term IDR (where no Short-Term Deposit Rating is assigned from Fitch); and 
(ii) in any other case, a Short-Term IDR. 
Subordinated Lender means CheBanca, in its capacity as such pursuant to the Subordinated Lo an 
Agreement. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (Contratto di Finanziamento Subordinato) means, collectively, the 
Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement and each Subsequent Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Subordinated Loan (Finanziamento Subordinato) means each subordinated lo an granted by the 
Subordinated Lender in favour of the Guarantor pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Subsequent Portfolios (Portafogli Successivi) means any portfolio of Eligible A ssets which may be 
purchased by the Guarantor in order to allow Mediobanca to issue other Series of Covered Bonds during the 
Revolving Period pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Subsequent Subordinated Loan Agreement (Contratto di Finanziamento Subordinato Successivo) 
means each subordinated loan agreement entered into between the Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor 
prior to each Issue Date, other than the First Issue Date. 
Subsequent Subordinated Loan (Finanziamento Subordinato Successivo) means each subordinated 
loan granted by the Subordinated Lender in favour of the Guarantor pursuant to each Subsequent 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Subsidiary has the meaning given to it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Suspension Period means the period of suspension of payments pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Act.

--- Page 292 ---
292
Swap Agreements means (i) the Cover Pool Swap Agreement and (ii) the Covered Bond Swap Agreement.  
T ARGET Settlement Day means any day on which the TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in Euro. 
T ARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment 
system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007.  
T ax (Tassa) means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental c harges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any political sub-division 
thereof or any authority thereof or therein. 
T ax Deduction means a deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax. 
T erms and Conditions means the terms and conditions attached as Sc hedule 1  to the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
T est Grace Period means the period starting on the date on which the breach of any Test is notified by the 
Test Report Provider and ending on the following Calculation Date. 
T est Performance Report means the report to be delivered, on each Calculation Date, by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to Clause 3 of the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
T ests means, collectively, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test. 
T otal Balance Guaranteed Swap is a swap agreement aimed at providing a c omplete hedge against 
interest rate differentials in the SPV (i.e. the Guarantor), including the negative c arry eventually arising 
between the interests matured on the Accounts and on the Integration Assets and Eligible Investments (if 
any) and the coupons to be paid on the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
T ransaction Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank, IBAN: IT59Z1063101600000070201378, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
T ransaction Documents (Documenti del Programma) means the Master Purchase Agreement, the 
Servicing Agreement, the Cash Management Agreement, the Po rtfolio Management Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, the Guarantee, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap Agreements, the Quotaholders' 
Agreement, the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge and the Master Definitions Agreement, as amended from 
time to time. 
T ransfer Date (Data di Cessione) means (i) with reference to the Initial Portfolio, the date on which have 
been carried out the Publicities pursuant to Clause 2.5 of the Master Purchase Agreement, and (ii) with 
reference to each Subsequent Portfolios, the date on which have been carried out the Publicities pursuant to 
Clause 2.6 of the Master Purchase Agreement.  
T ransfer Proposal (Proposta di Cessione) means the transfer proposal sent by the Seller to the Guarantor 
in relation to each Subsequent Portfolio or Further Portfolio pursuant to Clause 2.2 of the Master Purchase 
Agreement. 
Valuation Date (Data di Valutazione) means, in respect of the Initial Portfolio, the Initial Valuation Date 
and, in respect of each Subsequent Portfolio, the date on which the economic effects of the transfer o f the 
relevant Portfolio will commence.

--- Page 293 ---
293
Zero Coupon Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Provisions means Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Provisions).

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
ISSUER  
MEDIOBA NCA  – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
2 0124 Milan 
Italy 
GUA RA NTOR 
Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Corso di Porta Romana, 61 
2 0122 Milan 
Italy 
REPRESENTA TIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
KPMG Fides Servizi di Amministrazione S.p.A. 
V ia V ittor Pisani, 27 
2 0124 Milan 
Italy 
SELLER – SERVICER – TEST REPORT PROVIDER – SUBORDINA TED LENDER 
 – CA LCULATION AGENT – CA SH MA NAGER 
CheBanca! S.p.A. 
V ia Bodio, 37, Palazzo 4 
2 0158 Milan 
Italy 
A CCOUNT BA NK – INVESTMENT MA NAGER – COVER 
POOL SWA P COUNTERPARTY – COVERED BOND 
SWA P COUNTERPA RY – PA YING A GENT 
CORPORA TE SERVICER 
MEDIOBA NCA  – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
2 0121 Milan 
Italy 
D&B Tax Accounting S.r.l. – società tra 
professionisti Corso di Porta Romana, 61 
2 0122 Milan 
Italy  
PA YING A GENT AND INTEREST 
DETERMINA TION A GENT 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING A GENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Milan Branch 
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi, 3  
2 0123 Milan 
Italy 
BNP Paribas Securities Services,  
Luxembourg Branch 
Branch 60 avenue JF Kennedy  
L-2 085 Luxembourg 
A SSET MONITOR  
BDO Italia S.p.A. 
V iale Abruzzi, 94 
2 0131 Milan 
Italy 
LEGA L A DVISERS TO THE ISSUER A ND THE GUA RANTOR 
As to Italian law  
Legance Avvocati Associati 
V ia Broletto, 20 
2 0123 Milan 
Italy 
As to English law 
Gide Loy rette Nouel LLP  
1 25 Old Broad Street  
London EC2N 1AR 
A RRA NGER 
MEDIOBA NCA  - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
2 0121 Milan 
Italy 
A UDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
A UDITORS TO THE GUA RA NTOR 
EY S.p.A . 
 V ia Meravigli, 12 
2 0123 Milan 
Italy 
EY S.p.A . 
 V ia Meravigli, 12 
2 0123 Milan 
Italy