--- Page 1 ---
10218418238-v26 
 
47-41025581 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Dated: 22 December 2021 
 
MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
Euro 40,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
guaranteed in the case of Notes issued by Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
by 
MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
 
Under the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus (as defined 
below), each of Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (“Mediobanca”) and Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
(“Mediobanca International”) (each, an “Issuer” and together the “Issuers”) may from time to time issue senior preferred notes (the 
“Senior Preferred Notes”) and Mediobanca may from time to time issue senior non preferred notes (the “Senior Non Preferred Notes” and, 
together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the “Senior Notes”) and subordinated notes (“Subordinated Notes” and, together with the Senior 
Notes, the “Notes”), subject in each case to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives. The payment of all amounts due in 
respect of any Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Mediobanca 
(in such capacity, the “Guarantor”) under a deed of guarantee and subject to the limitations thereof executed by the Guarantor and dated 22 
December 2021 (the “Deed of Guarantee”) (see “General Description of the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme” 
– “Status of the Guarantee” on page 29). Notes issued under the Programme (other than the Senior Non Preferred Notes) will have 
denominations of not less than EUR 1,000 (or, where the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such 
other currency), while Senior Non Preferred Notes issued under the Programme will have a denomination of at least EUR 150,000 (or, where 
the Senior Non Preferred Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other 
minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time and that the Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme will have 
a denomination of at least EUR 200,000 (or, where the Subordinated Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other currency) or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors” beginning 
on page 2. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) as competent authority under the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), the Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (the “MiFID II”) and/or which are to be 
offered to the public, in any Member State of the European Economic Area. Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months after the date hereof to be 
admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, which is a 
regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II. 
The Programme also provides that Notes may be listed, as the case may be, on Borsa Italiana, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on such 
other or further stock exchange(s) as the Issuers may determine. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading (as the case may be) on such other or further stock exchange(s) or 
market(s) as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the relevant Dealer (as defined in “Plan of 
Distribution”). Unlisted Notes or Notes not admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. This Base Prospectus comprises two base 
prospectuses (one for each Issuer, each of which referred to herein as the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Central Bank may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to the competent authority of another European Economic Area Member 
State (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that 
this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (a “Certificate of Approval”). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms 
and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined below) of Notes will be set out, in the final terms (the 
“Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Euronext Dublin. 
For the terms and conditions of the Notes governed by English law to be issued under the Programme (the “English Law Notes”) see “Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes” below (the “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes”) and for the terms and conditions 
of the Notes governed by Italian law to be issued under the Programme (the “Italian Law Notes”) see “Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes” below (the “Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes”). References to the “Notes” shall be to the Notes governed by 
English law and/or Italian law, as appropriate and references to the “Terms and Conditions” or the “Conditions” shall be to the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and/or the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, as appropriate. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any state 
securities laws, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. The Notes will be offered and sold in offshore transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. The Notes will be in bearer form and as such are subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements.

--- Page 2 ---
10218418238-v26 
 
47-41025581 
 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, CMS, PRIBOR, ROBOR, BUBOR, 
CIBOR, STIBOR and NIBOR which are respectively provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) for EURIBOR, the Bank 
of England for SONIA, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for SOFR, the European Central Bank for €STR, ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited (“ICE”) for CMS, Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. for PRIBOR, the National Bank of Romania  for ROBOR, Budapesti 
Értéktőzsde Zrt. (Budapest Stock Exchange) for BUBOR, Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS for CIBOR, The Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility for STIBOR and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS for NIBOR, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, each of EMMI (as administrator of EURIBOR), Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. (as administrator of PRIBOR), 
Budapesti Értéktőzsde Zrt. (Budapest Stock Exchange) (as administrator of BUBOR), Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS (as 
administrator of CIBOR) and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011(the “Benchmarks Regulation”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of CMS), 
the Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR), the European Central 
Bank (as administrator of €STR), the National Bank of Romania (as administrator of ROBOR) and The Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility 
(as administrator of STIBOR) are not included in the register of administrators maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that each of ICE 
Benchmark Administration (as administrator of CMS) and The Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as administrator of STIBOR) is not 
currently required to obtain authorization/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA, SOFR, €STR and ROBOR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of 
Article 2 of that Regulation. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language 
in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Arranger of the Programme and Dealer 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.

--- Page 3 ---
10218418238-v26 
- i - 
47-41025581 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This document constitutes a Base Prospectus for each Issuer for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document and, 
to the best of the knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor (which have taken all reasonable care to 
ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, having made all reasonable enquiries confirms that (i) this Base 
Prospectus contains all information with respect to each of the Issuers, the Guarantor, and their subsidiaries 
taken as a whole (the “Group” or the “Mediobanca Group”), the Notes, and the deed of guarantee executed by 
the Guarantor and dated 16 December 2019 with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca 
International (the “Deed of Guarantee”) which is material in the context of the issue and offering of Notes, (ii) 
the statements contained in this Base Prospectus relating to each of the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Group are 
in every material respect true and accurate and not misleading, the opinions and intentions expressed in this Base 
Prospectus with regard to the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Group are honestly held, have been reached after 
considering all relevant circumstances and are based on reasonable assumptions, (iii) there are no other facts in 
relation to each of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Group, the Notes or the Deed of Guarantee the omission of 
which would, in the context of the issue and offering of Notes, make any statement in this Base Prospectus 
misleading in any material respect and (iv) all reasonable enquiries have been made by each of the Issuers and 
the Guarantor to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out hereunder “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) and in a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the “Final 
Terms”) or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”) as described under 
“Final Terms, Supplements and Further Prospectuses” below. 
Public Offers of Notes in the European Economic Area 
Certain Tranches of Notes (other than the Senior Non Preferred Notes which shall have a denomination of at least 
EUR 150,000 and the Subordinated Notes which shall have a denomination of at least EUR 200,000, or such other 
minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time) with a denomination of less than EUR 
100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) may, subject as provided below, be offered in any Member State 
of the European Economic Area in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to in this Base Prospectus as a “Public 
Offer”. This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Public Offers of Notes in Ireland, Italy 
and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (each a “Public Offer Jurisdiction”). Any person making or intending to 
make a Public Offer of Notes in a Public Offer Jurisdiction on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only 
with the consent of the Issuer – see “Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
(Retail Cascades)” below. 
If after the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer intends to add one or more Member States to the list of Public 
Offer Jurisdictions for any purpose, it will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus specifying such Member 
State(s) and any relevant additional information required by the Prospectus Regulation. Such supplement will also 
set out provisions relating to the consent of the Issuer to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with any 
Public Offer in any such additional Public Offer Jurisdiction. 
In the context of any Public Offer of Notes in a Public Offer Jurisdiction, the Issuer accept responsibility in that 
Public Offer Jurisdiction, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) who 
purchases any Notes in that Public Offer Jurisdiction made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined 
below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period (as defined below). 
Except in the circumstances described below, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has authorised the making of 
any offer by any offeror and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus 
by any other person in connection with any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction.

--- Page 4 ---
10218418238-v26 
- ii - 
47-41025581 
 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
Any offer made without the consent of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) is unauthorised and 
neither the relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor (as applicable), nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers 
accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised Offeror, 
the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purpose 
of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. 
If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its 
contents, the Investor should take legal advice. 
Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
Common conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the consent of the Issuers and the Guarantor are (in addition to the conditions described in either 
sub-paragraph (a) (Specific Consent) or sub-paragraph (b) (General Consent) under “Specific Consent and 
General Consent” below) that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Notes; 
(ii) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
in such of the Public Offer Jurisdictions as are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Public Offers occurring within twelve months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Specific Consent and General Consent 
Subject to the conditions set out above under “Common Conditions to Consent”, each of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of Notes in any Public 
Offer Jurisdiction by: 
(a) 
Specific Consent: 
(i) 
the Dealers specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose 
name is published on the website of the Issuers (https://mediobanca.com) and identified as an 
Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer; and 
(b) 
General Consent: 
if General Consent is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, any other financial intermediary 
which: 
(i) 
is authorised to make such offers under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, including under 
any applicable implementing measure in each relevant jurisdiction (“MiFID II”); and 
(ii) 
accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in 
square brackets duly completed with the relevant information) (the “Acceptance Statement”):

--- Page 5 ---
10218418238-v26 
- iii - 
47-41025581 
 
“We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant Notes] 
(the “Notes”) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the “Final Terms”) published 
by [ISSUER] (the “Issuer”) and [GUARANTOR] (the “Guarantor”). 
In consideration of the Issuer [and the Guarantor] offering to grant their consent to our use of 
the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in 
[insert name(s) of relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)] during the Offer Period in accordance 
with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus), we accept the offer by 
the Issuer [and Guarantor]. We confirm that we are authorised under MiFID II to make, and 
are using the Base Prospectus in connection with, the Public Offer accordingly. 
Terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such 
terms in the Base Prospectus.” 
Any financial intermediary falling within this sub-paragraph (b) who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, to publish a duly completed Acceptance Statement on its website. 
Authorised Offerors 
The financial intermediaries referred to in sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) and sub-paragraph (b), above, are 
together referred to herein as the “Authorised Offerors”. 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror who will distribute the Notes 
Neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor (nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers) has any responsibility 
for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable 
conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to 
such offer. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A PUBLIC OFFER FROM 
AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NOTES TO AN 
INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY 
TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND 
SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT 
ARRANGEMENTS. NEITHER THE ISSUERS NOR THE GUARANTOR WILL BE A PARTY TO ANY 
SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR 
SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY 
FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE 
RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH 
INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH 
INFORMATION. NONE OF THE ISSUERS, THE GUARANTOR AND THE DEALERS HAS ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
IN THE EVENT OF AN OFFER BEING MADE BY A FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY, SUCH FINANCIAL 
INTERMEDIARY WILL PROVIDE INFORMATION TO INVESTORS ON THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER AT THE TIME THE OFFER IS MADE. 
Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Notes to be offered pursuant to a Public Offer will be issued by the relevant Issuer at the Issue Price specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (as 
applicable) in consultation with the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the relevant Public Offer and will depend, 
amongst other things, on the interest rate applicable to the Notes and prevailing market conditions at that time. 
The offer price of such Notes will be the Issue Price or such other price as may be agreed between an Investor and 
the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Notes to such Investor. Neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor will 
be party to arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the 
relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the Notes to such 
Investor.

--- Page 6 ---
10218418238-v26 
- iv - 
47-41025581 
 
Other relevant information 
The language of this Base Prospectus is in English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this 
Base Prospectus has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any supplement hereto and with any other documents 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, should be read and construed together 
with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, 
each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms 
shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Purchases of Notes may be made through a duly appointed Dealer of the relevant Issuer. The relevant Issuer may 
also offer and sell Notes directly to investors without the involvement of any Dealer. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor will enter into a Dealer Agreement with the Dealers in connection with the issue 
of Notes for the purpose of the distribution of the Notes to prospective investors. Pursuant to the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement, the relevant Issuer may appoint one or more Dealer(s) under the Programme to subscribe or 
procure subscribers for all or part of the Notes of the relevant Series. See the section on “Plan of Distribution” 
in this Base Prospectus for further details. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation 
by or on behalf of either the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Dealers and PricewaterhouseCoopers, as auditor to Mediobanca International, have not separately verified 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers makes any representation express or 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in 
this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements are intended to provide the basis 
of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by either of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial statements should 
purchase any Notes. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None 
of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the 
life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in 
the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by any of the Issuers or the Guarantor or such other information as is in the public domain 
and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
any of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create 
any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of any of the Issuers or the Guarantor since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this document has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no 
adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the financial position of any of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law. Each of the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be

--- Page 7 ---
10218418238-v26 
- v - 
47-41025581 
 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. No Notes may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, to the public, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may 
be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus, any Notes may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuers and the Guarantor for use in connection with the offer 
and sale of Notes in reliance upon Regulation S of the Securities Act outside the United States to non-U.S. persons 
or in transactions otherwise exempt from registration. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not 
authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents 
disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any state 
securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor have any of the foregoing 
authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Notes or the accuracy or the adequacy of 
this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
For a description of additional restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including Italy), the United Kingdom and other 
jurisdictions, see “Plan of Distribution”. 
IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending such Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose

--- Page 8 ---
10218418238-v26 
- vi - 
47-41025581 
 
of the product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for a Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of that Tranche, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for a Tranche of Notes 
is a manufacturer in respect of that Tranche, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or 
assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green”, 
“sustainable”, “social” or similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes 
issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of 
proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion 
or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by any Dealer 
to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to 
trading on a dedicated “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock 
exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or 
admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Benchmarks Regulation - Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, 
SOFR, €STR, CMS, PRIBOR, ROBOR, BUBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR and NIBOR which are respectively provided 
by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) for EURIBOR, the Bank of England for SONIA, the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York for SOFR, the European Central Bank for €STR, ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited (“ICE”) for CMS, Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. for PRIBOR, the National Bank of Romania  
for ROBOR, Budapesti Értéktőzsde Zrt. (Budapest Stock Exchange) for BUBOR, Danish Financial Benchmark 
Facility ApS for CIBOR, The Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility for STIBOR and Norske Finansielle 
Referanser AS for NIBOR. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, each of EMMI (as administrator of EURIBOR), 
Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. (as administrator of PRIBOR), Budapesti Értéktőzsde Zrt. (Budapest 
Stock Exchange) (as administrator of BUBOR), Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS (as administrator of 
CIBOR) and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011(the “Benchmarks Regulation”). As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of CMS), the Bank of England (as 
administrator of SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR), the European 
Central Bank (as administrator of €STR), the National Bank of Romania (as administrator of ROBOR) and The 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as administrator of STIBOR) are not included in the register of 
administrators maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that each of ICE 
Benchmark Administration (as administrator of CMS) and The Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as 
administrator of STIBOR) is not currently required to obtain authorization/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA, SOFR, €STR 
and ROBOR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that Regulation.

--- Page 9 ---
10218418238-v26 
- vii - 
47-41025581 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules. 
***** 
Notes may be issued on a continuous basis in series (each, a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each, a “Tranche”) on different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect 
of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to 
the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set forth in the relevant Final Terms, the form of which is 
set out in “Form of Final Terms” below. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed Euro 40,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated 
into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement, as defined under “Plan of Distribution”). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes 
which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires: references to “Member 
State” are references to Member States of the European Economic Area, references to the “UK” are references 
to the United Kingdom; references to“$”, “U.S.$”, “USD” and “US Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the 
United States of America; references to “Euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended; references to “£” “GBP” and “Pounds Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the 
United Kingdom; and references to “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described herein or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already 
issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”), or (2) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the United Kingdom European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency which is established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (3) 
issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the European Union but which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 10 ---
10218418238-v26 
- viii - 
47-41025581 
 
CONTENTS 
 
 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE EURO 40,000,000,000 EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE 
PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................................................... 36 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................... 48 
FINAL TERMS, SUPPLEMENTS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES ..................................................... 51 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................................................. 52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES ................................................................ 56 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES ............................................................... 109 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ........................................... 160 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 163 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. ......................... 165 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. .. 188 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A................................ 189 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. ....... 194 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ............................................................................................................................ 195 
GENERAL CONSENT — THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS ....................................................... 201 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 203 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 246 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................... 265 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ....................................................................................................................... 269

--- Page 11 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 9 - 
47-41025581 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all 
payments due in respect of the Notes. 
The Issuers have identified and described in this section a number of factors which could materially adversely 
affect their businesses and ability to make payments due under the Notes. Most of these factors are contingencies 
that may or may not occur. However, the inability of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest or repay 
principal on the Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor based on the information currently available to them or which they may not currently be 
able to anticipate. 
The risks that are specific to the Issuer are presented in 3 categories, and those specific to the Notes are presented 
in 2 categories, in each case with the most material risk factor presented first in each category and the remaining 
risk factors presented in an order which is not intended to be indicative either of the likelihood that each risk will 
materialise or of the magnitude of its potential impact on the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Issuers. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere and incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus and consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in the light 
of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances, based upon their own judgement 
and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any 
investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes” or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. Prospective 
investors should read the whole of this Base Prospectus, including the information incorporated by reference. 
Unless otherwise specified, the term “Terms and Conditions” shall refer to both the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and any reference to a “Condition” 
shall be to both a Condition under the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and a Condition under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian. 
1. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUERS AND THAT MAY AFFECT 
THE ISSUERS' ABILITY TO FULFIL THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
(A) 
Risks relating to the Issuers’  activities and the market where the Issuers operate; 
(B) 
Risks relating to the Issuers’  financial situation; 
(C) 
Risks relating to the legal and regulatory framework. 
(A) 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUERS’  ACTIVITIES AND THE MARKET WHERE THE ISSUERS AND 
THE GROUP OPERATE. 
Systemic risks in connection with the economic/financial crisis and the Covid-19 Pandemic 
The evolution of the macroeconomic scenario could negatively affect the economic and financial situation of the 
Issuer and/or of the Mediobanca Group, and in particular its liquidity, profitability and capital solidity, leading 
the Issuers and/or the Mediobanca Group to incur losses, increase the cost of financing and reduce the value of 
assets held. 
The Issuers’  performance is also influenced by the general economic situation, both national and for the Eurozone 
as a whole, and by the trend on financial markets, in particular by the solidity and growth prospects of the 
geographical areas in which the Issuers operate. The macroeconomic scenario currently reflects considerable areas 
of uncertainty, in relation to: (a) the trends in the real economy with reference to the prospects of recovery and 
growth in the national economy and/or resilience of growth in the economies of those countries, such as the United 
States and China, which have delivered growth, even substantial, in recent years; (b) future developments in the

--- Page 12 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 10 - 
47-41025581 
 
monetary policy of the European Central Bank for the Eurozone area, and the U.S. Federal Reserve Board for the 
US dollar area, and the policies implemented by various countries to devalue their own currencies for competitive 
reasons; (c) the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries, and the tensions noted more or less 
frequently on financial markets. 
In this respect, the outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic, which began in China at the end of January 2020 and expanded 
globally in a few months, has had and is still having significant negative consequences on the overall scenario and 
in turn on the Italian banking sector in which the Issuer operates. Furthermore, the measures implemented by the 
competent authorities, and mainly the Italian Government, on the one side, helped facing the health emergency, 
while on the other had massive negative consequences in human, social and economic terms. Indeed, such 
measures led to a reduction in revenues on the majority of the corporate customers, an increase of costs related to 
the actions necessary to contain and prevent the spread of Covid-19 and, in turn, on the ability to pay existing debt 
(potentially also vis-à-vis the Issuer) and on current employment levels. Any of such circumstances may have an 
impact on the Issuers’  results and, in turn, on the Issuers’ ability to pay interest or repay principal under the 
Covered Bonds. 
Despite the actions taken so far by the Italian government, the regulatory bodies of the European Union and the 
relevant member states to mitigate the negative impacts of the anti-Covid-19 measures and support the economic 
recovery (including the adoption of the recovery plan named “NextGenerationEU”), significant uncertainties still 
remain about the evolution, severity and duration of the pandemic. Should the Covid-19 pandemic and the 
consequent economic crisis situation persist in the forthcoming months, further negative impacts may arise on the 
Issuers’ business situation, also due to the fact that such crisis situation increase the materiality of most of the 
risks to which the Issuer is exposed to, which are detailed below, and in turn the Group’s results and financial 
condition might be materially adversely affected. 
The Issuers’ financial results are affected by changes in interest rates 
Fluctuations in interest rates in Italy and in the other markets in which the Mediobanca Group operates influence 
the Mediobanca Group’s performance. The results of each Issuer’s banking operations are affected by its 
management of interest rate sensitivity (i.e. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the relationship between changes in 
market interest rates and changes in net interest income. A mismatch of interest- earning assets and interest-
bearing liabilities in any given period, which tends to accompany changes in interest rates, may have a material 
effect on the Issuers’ financial condition or results of operations. 
The Issuers’ financial results may be affected by market declines and volatility 
The results of the Issuers may be affected by general economic, financial and other business conditions. During 
recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the Issuers’ customers 
may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also impact the demand for mortgages and 
other loan products. The risk arising from the impact of the economy and business climate on the credit quality 
of the Issuers’ borrowers and counterparties, including sovereign states, can affect the overall credit quality and 
the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties. 
The Issuers are therefore exposed by its very nature to potential changes in the value of financial instruments, 
including securities issued by sovereign states, due to fluctuations in interest rates, exchange rates and currencies, 
stock market and commodities prices and credit spreads, and/or other risks. 
The Issuers are subject to credit risk and market risk 
Credit risk relates to the risk of loss arising from counterparty default or, more generally, from counterparties 
failure to perform their contractual obligations. Therefore, the Issuers’ business depends on the creditworthiness 
of its borrowers and counterparties, including sovereign states, which can affect the recoverability of loans and 
amounts due to the Issuers. 
Notwithstanding any policy implemented to hedge or otherwise manage their exposure to credit risk, the Issuers 
may not have access to all relevant information regarding its customers and their financial position, before 
granting loans. Any failure to properly understand the financial and economic profile of their customers could 
have an adverse effect on the Issuers’ business and financial results.

--- Page 13 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 11 - 
47-41025581 
 
In addition, during recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the 
Issuers’ customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also impact the demand 
for mortgages and other loan products. The risk arising from the impact of the economy and business climate on 
the credit quality of the Issuers’ borrowers and counterparties, including sovereign states, can affect the overall 
credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties, with a consequent negative 
impact on the Issuers’ business and financial results. 
Market risk relates to the risk arising from market transactions in connection with financial instruments, currencies 
and commodities. The Issuers’ trading revenues are dependent upon its ability to identify properly, and mark to 
market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or interest rates. The 
Issuers’ financial results also depend upon how effectively the Issuers determine and assess the cost of credit and 
manages their credit risk and market risk concentration. In addition, due to market fluctuations, weak economic 
conditions and/or a decline in stock and bond prices, trading volumes or liquidity, the Issuers’ financial results 
may also be affected by a downturn in the revenues deriving from their margin interests, principal transactions, 
investment banking and securities trading fees and brokerage activities. 
The credit and capital markets have been experiencing extreme volatility and disruption in recent months. To the 
extent that any of the instruments and strategies the Issuers use to hedge or otherwise manage their exposure to 
credit or capital markets risk are not effective, the Issuers may not be able to mitigate effectively their risk 
exposures in particular market environments or against particular types of risk. The Issuers’ trading revenues and 
interest rate risk are dependent upon their ability to identify properly, and mark to market, changes in the value of 
financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or interest rates. The Issuers’ financial results also 
depend upon how effectively the Issuers determine and assess the cost of credit and manage their credit risk and 
market risk concentration. In addition, due to market fluctuations, weak economic conditions and/or a decline in 
stock and bond prices, trading volumes or liquidity, the Issuers’ financial results may also be affected by a 
downturn in the revenues deriving from its margin interests, principal transactions, investment banking and 
securities trading fees and brokerage activities. 
Risk relating to the Issuers investment banking and financial advisory activities 
The Issuers’ investment banking revenues, in the form of financial advisory and debt and equity underwriting 
fees, are directly related to the number and size of the transactions in which the Issuers participate and may be 
impacted by continued or further credit market dislocations or sustained market downturns. Sustained market 
downturns or continued or further credit market dislocations and liquidity issues would also likely lead to a decline 
in the volume of capital market transactions that the Issuers execute for their clients and, therefore, to a decline 
in the revenues that it receives from commissions and spreads earned from the trades the Issuer executes for its 
clients. Further, to the extent that potential acquirers are unable to obtain adequate credit and financing on 
favourable terms, they may be unable or unwilling to consider or complete acquisition transactions, and as a result 
the Issuers’ merger and acquisition advisory practice would suffer. 
In addition, declines in the market value of securities can result in the failure of buyers and sellers of securities to 
fulfil their settlement obligations, and in the failure of the Issuers’ clients to fulfil their credit obligations. During 
market downturns, the Issuers’ counterparties in securities transactions may be less likely to complete transactions. 
Also, the Issuers often permit their clients to purchase securities on margin or, in other words, to borrow a portion 
of the purchase price from the Issuers and collateralize the loan with a set percentage of the securities. During 
steep declines in securities prices, the value of the collateral securing margin purchases may drop below the 
amount of the purchasers’ indebtedness. If the clients are unable to provide additional collateral for these loans, 
the Issuers may lose money on these margin transactions. In addition, particularly during market downturns, the 
Issuers may face additional expenses defending or pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client 
defaults. 
Risks connected to the presence of OTC derivatives in the Group’s portfolio 
The investors should note that the portfolio of the Group contains so-called “over the counter” (“OTC”) 
derivatives. The fair value of these OTC derivatives depends upon both the valuation and the perceived credit risk 
of the instrument insured or guaranteed or against which protection has been bought and the credit quality of the 
protection provider. Market counterparties have been adversely affected by their exposure to residential mortgage 
linked products, and their perceived creditworthiness has deteriorated significantly since 2007. Although the 
Group seeks to limit and manage direct exposure to market counterparties, indirect exposure may exist through 
other financial arrangements and counterparties. If the financial condition of market counterparties or their

--- Page 14 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 12 - 
47-41025581 
 
perceived creditworthiness deteriorates further, the Group may record further credit valuation adjustments on the 
underlying instruments insured by such parties. 
Any primary or indirect exposure to the financial condition or creditworthiness of these counterparties could have 
a material adverse impact on the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group. 
Risk relating to intense competition, especially in the Italian market, where the Group has the largest 
concentration of its business 
Competition is intense in all of the Mediobanca Group’s primary business areas in Italy and the other countries in 
which the Mediobanca Group conducts its business. The Mediobanca Group derives most of its total banking 
income from its banking activities in Italy, a mature market where competitive pressures have been increasing 
quickly. If the Mediobanca Group is unable to continue to respond to the competitive environment in Italy with 
attractive product and service offerings that are profitable for the Mediobanca Group, it may lose market share in 
important areas of its business or incur losses on some or all of its activities. 
The Issuers are subject to operational risk 
The adverse effects on the Issuers may impact on whether they can make the payments due on the Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Issuers, like all financial institutions, are exposed to many types of operational risk, 
including the risk of fraud by employees and outsiders, unauthorised transactions by employees or operational 
errors, including errors resulting from faulty computer or telecommunication systems. The Issuers’ systems and 
processes are designed to ensure that the operational risks associated with the Issuers’ activities are appropriately 
monitored. Any failure or weakness in these systems, however, could adversely affect the Issuers’ financial 
performance and business activities. 
The Issuers’ operation is dependent upon the correct functioning of the IT systems, which might expose the 
Group to certain risks 
The financial losses or impacts on the Issuers’ operations that may arise may impact on whether they can make 
the payments due on the Notes issued under the Programme. The Issuers’ operation depends on, among other 
things, the correct and adequate operation of the Issuers’ IT systems, as well as their continuous maintenance and 
constant updating. 
Although the Issuers have always invested significant resources in upgrading its IT systems and improving its 
defence and monitoring systems, possible risks remain with regard to the reliability of the systems (e.g. disaster 
recovery), the quality and integrity of the data managed and the threats to which IT systems are subject, as well 
as physiological risks related to the management of software changes (change management), which could have 
negative effects on the Issuers’ business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Among the risks that the Issuers might face relating to the management of IT systems are the possible violations 
of its systems due to unauthorized access to the Issuers’ corporate network or IT resources, the introduction of 
viruses into computers or any other form of abuse committed via internet. Like attempted hacking, such violations 
have become more frequent over the years throughout the world and therefore can threaten the protection of 
information relating to the Issuers and their customers and can have negative effects on the integrity of the Issuers’ 
IT systems, as well as on the confidence of their customers and on the Issuers reputation, with possible negative 
effects on the Issuers’ business, results of operations and financial condition. 
In addition, the Issuers’ substantial investment in resources in software development creates the risk that when 
one or more of the above-mentioned circumstances occurs, the Issuers’ may suffer financial losses or impacts on 
the Issuers’ operations if the software is destroyed or seriously damaged, or will incur repair costs for the violated 
IT systems. 
(B) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUERS’ FINANCIAL SITUATION 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuers will be unable to meet their obligations as they fall due, because of their 
inability to obtain funding (i.e., funding liquidity risk) and/or because of their difficulties to sell assets without 
incurring in a capital loss due to the illiquid nature of the market (i.e., market liquidity risk).

--- Page 15 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 13 - 
47-41025581 
 
The liquidity of the Issuers may be affected by (i) national and international markets’ volatility; (ii) potential 
adverse developments of general economic, financial and other business conditions; (iii) circumstances making 
the Issuers temporarily unable to obtain access to capital markets by issuing debt instruments; (iv) credit spreads; 
(v) regulatory developments in the prudential requirements field; and (vi) variations in the Issuers’ 
creditworthiness – which may affect the aforementioned market liquidity risk. All the above circumstances may 
derive from factors – as market disruptions – which do not depend on the Issuers’ will, but may adversely affect 
their liquidity profile. 
Risks in connection with the exposure of the Group to Eurozone sovereign debt 
In carrying out its activities, the Group holds substantial volumes of public-sector bonds, including bonds issued 
by European countries. The Group’s total exposure in this respect as at 30 June 2020 is set out in the tables A.1.2a 
and A.1.2b of Part E on page 273 of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at 
and for the year ended 30 June 2020 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. This could give rise to 
operational disruptions to the Group’s business. 
Risks connected to a potential rating downgrade 
At the date of this Prospectus, Mediobanca is rated (i) by A-2 (short-term Issuer Credit Rating “ICR”), BBB 
(long-term ICR), and positive (outlook) by S&P, (ii) F3 (short-term Issuer Default Rating “IDR”), BBB- (long-
term IDR) and stable (outlook) by Fitch and (iii) P-2 (short-term Counterparty Risk and Deposits Rating), Baa1 
(long-term Counterparty Risk and Deposits Rating) and stable (outlook) by Moody’s. Each of S&P, Fitch and 
Moody’s are established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies, (as amended from time to time) (the “CRA Regulation”) as set out in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the website of the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to the CRA Regulation. 
A downgrade of Mediobanca’s rating (for whatever reason) might result in higher funding and refinancing costs 
for Mediobanca in the capital markets. In addition, a downgrade of Mediobanca’s rating may limit Mediobanca’s 
opportunities to extend mortgage loans and may have a particularly adverse effect on Mediobanca’s image as a 
participant in the capital markets, as well as in the eyes of its clients. These factors may have an adverse effect on 
Mediobanca’s financial condition and/or the results of its operations. 
In addition, Mediobanca’s credit ratings are potentially exposed to the risk of reductions in the sovereign credit 
rating of the Republic of Italy. On the basis of the methodologies used by rating agencies, any downgrades of 
Italy’s credit rating may have a potential knock-on effect on the credit rating of Italian issuers such as Mediobanca 
and make it more likely that the credit rating of Notes issued under the Programme are downgraded. 
(C) 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE LEGAL AND REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
Changes in the Italian and European regulatory framework could adversely affect the Issuer’s business 
Mediobanca is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the Commissione Nazionale 
per le Società e la Borsa (the Italian securities market regulator or “CONSOB”) the European Central Bank and 
the European System of Central Banks. Mediobanca International is subject to extensive regulation and 
supervision by the CSSF, the European Central Bank and the European System of Central Banks. 
The banking laws to which the Issuers are subject govern the activities in which banks and foundations may 
engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, 
the Issuers must comply with financial services laws that govern their marketing and selling practices. The 
regulatory framework governing the international financial markets is currently being amended in response to the 
credit crisis, and new legislation and regulations are being introduced in Italy and the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and could significantly alter the Issuers’ capital requirements. 
The supervisory authorities mentioned above govern various aspects of the Issuers, which may include, among 
other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the prevention and combating of money laundering, privacy 
protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in customer relations and registration and reporting obligations. In 
order to operate in compliance with these regulations, the Issuers have in place specific procedures and internal 
policies. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that violations of 
regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect the Group’s results of operations, business and financial

--- Page 16 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 14 - 
47-41025581 
 
condition. The above risks are compounded by the fact that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws 
and regulations have only been approved and the relevant implementation procedures are still in the process of 
being developed. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Package is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to 
credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The implementation of the directive 
or the taking of any action under it could materially affect the value of any Notes 
Directive 2014/59/EU (the “BRRD”) as amended by Directive 2017/2399 (the “BRRD Amending Directive”) 
and Directive 2019/879 (the “BRRD II” and, jointly with the BRRD and the BRRD Amending Directive, the 
“BRRD Package”) provides for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms. The BRRD has been implemented in (i) Italy through the adoption of the 
Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 and (ii) the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg through the adoption 
of the Law of 18 December 2015. 
The BRRD Package contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where 
the relevant resolution authority considers that: (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution 
within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which 
enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; 
(ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a 
“bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset 
separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale 
or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which gives 
resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. shares, other instruments 
that confer ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other instruments 
of ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of ownership) (the “General 
Bail-in Tool”), which equity could also be subject to any future application of the General Bail-In Tool. 
In addition to the General Bail-in Tool, the BRRD Package provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments such as subordinated notes at the 
point of non-viability and before or concurrently with any other resolution action is taken (“non-viability loss 
absorption”). Any shares issued to holders of the Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital instruments 
may also be subject to any application of the General Bail-in Tool. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under 
the BRRD Package is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution or its group meets 
the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution and/or its group 
will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted or extraordinary 
public support is to be provided and the appropriate authority determines that without such support the institution 
would no longer be viable. 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of 
debt instruments and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under resolution or amend the amount of 
interest payable under such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period, except for those secured liabilities which are 
subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD. 
Moreover, the European Commission has proposed a harmonised national insolvency ranking of unsecured debt 
instruments to facilitate credit institutions’ issuance of such loss absorbing debt instruments, by creating, inter 
alia, a new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt instruments with a lower rank than ordinary senior unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency. In such perspective, the proposed amendments to Article 108 of the BRRD aim at 
enhancing the implementation of the bail-in tool and at facilitating the application of the “minimum requirement 
for own funds and eligible liabilities” (“MREL”) requirement concerning the loss absorption and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. As such, the amendments provide an additional means for 
credit institutions and certain other institutions to comply with the forthcoming MREL requirement and improve 
their resolvability, without constraining their respective funding strategies.

--- Page 17 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 15 - 
47-41025581 
 
The powers set out in the BRRD Package and the application of the MREL requirement will impact credit 
institutions and investment firms and how they are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of 
creditors under the Programme. 
Risk related to major regulatory changes 
In the wake of the global financial crisis that began in 2008, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
approved a number of capital adequacy and liquidity requirements (“Basel III”) aimed at reaching higher and 
better-quality capital and risk coverage and at implementing measures to promote the build-up of capital that can 
be drawn down in periods of stress, the introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-based requirement 
as well as two global liquidity standards. The Basel III framework adopted a gradual approach, with the 
requirements to be implemented over time, with full enforcement in 2019. 
Moreover, the Basel Committee has embarked on a very significant risk weighted assets (“RWAs”) variability 
agenda. This includes the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book, revised standardised approaches (e.g. credit, 
market, operational risk), constraints to the use of internal models as well as the introduction of a capital floor. 
The regulator’s primary aim is to eliminate unwarranted levels of RWA variance. The new setup will have a 
significant impact on risk modelling. From a credit risk perspective, an impact is expected both on capital held 
against the exposures assessed via standardised approach and on those evaluated via an internal ratings based 
approach (“IRB”), due to the introduction of capital floors that, according to the new framework, will be calculated 
based on the revised standardised approach. Implementation of these new rules on risk models will take effect 
from 1 January 2022. 
At the European level, the Basel III rules have been implemented through two separate legislative instruments: 
Directive 2013/36/EU of 26 June 2013, as amended (the “CRD IV Directive”) and Regulation (EU) No. 575 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms (the “CRR” and together with the CRD IV Directive, the “CRD IV”). 
The CRD IV has been recently, as well as the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, following the adoption of a 
comprehensive reform package first announced by the European Commission in November 2016 (the “EU 
Banking Reform”). In particular, the EU Banking Reform consists of: 
 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
CRD IV Directive as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures (the 
“CRD V”); 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to 
collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements (the “CRR 
II”); 
 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (the “BRRD II”); and 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms (the “SRMR II”). 
Risks related to changes in fiscal law 
These recently introduced banking reforms as well as other laws and regulations that may be adopted in the future 
could adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
The Issuers are subject to risks associated with changes in tax law or in the interpretation of tax law, changes in 
tax rates and consequences arising from non-compliance with procedures required by tax authorities. Any

--- Page 18 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 16 - 
47-41025581 
 
legislative changes affecting the calculation of taxes could therefore have an impact on the Issuers’ financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
With particular reference to Mediobanca, Mediobanca is required to pay Italian corporate income taxes (“IRES”) 
pursuant to Title II of Italian Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 December 1986 (i.e. the Consolidated Income Tax 
Law, or “TUIR”) and the Italian regional business tax (“IRAP”) pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 446 of 15 
December 1997, and the amount of taxes due and payable by Mediobanca may be affected by tax benefits from 
time to time available. 
Mediobanca currently benefits from the stimulus provisions introduced by way of article 1 of Italian Law Decree 
no. 201 of 6 December 2011, as amended and converted into Law no. 214 of 22 December 2011, concerning 
“economic-growth allowances” (aiuto alla crescita economica, or “ACE”). The ACE rules allow for a deduction 
from net income for the purposes of IRES of an amount computed by applying a notional yield at a rate of 1.3% 
from 2019 onwards to the increase in net equity (the “ACE Base”). The ACE base is, for the first year of 
application of ACE (i.e. 2011), the amount of equity existing at close of that year less the amount of equity as 
of 31 December 2010 (excluding profits earned in 2010) and, for subsequent years, the base carried forward 
from the previous year as adjusted (increased and reduced) to reflect components affecting equity. 
In accordance with article 3 of the Italian Ministerial Decree of 3 August 2017 revising the implementing 
provisions of the ACE legislation, if the amount of the notional yield (i.e. the ACE deduction) exceeds net 
income declared for a given tax year (the “Excess ACE”), such excess (i) may increase the amount deductible 
from income in subsequent tax years without time or amount limits, or (ii) may be converted into a tax credit 
calculated by applying the IRES tax rate, as per article 77 of the TUIR, to the Excess ACE amount and then 
utilised in five annual instalments of equal amount as an offset to IRAP up to the amount of tax due for the 
period. 
From time to time, the Italian budget law may also include provisions that affect the deductibility of particular 
items that could result in an increase in the taxable income of the Issuer for IRES and/or IRAP purposes, either 
in general or for specific tax period(s). 
The transposition of the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives in Luxembourg law could have an impact on the tax 
position of Mediobanca International (including its performance) 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised implementation of a 
number of the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (the 
"ATAD 1") on 12 July 2016. The EU Council further adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 (“ATAD2” and, 
togheter with the ATAD1, “ATAD”) on 29 May 2017, amending the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 1, to 
provide for minimum standards for counteracting hybrid mismatches involving EU member states and third 
countries. 
In this respect, the Luxembourg law dated 21 December 2018 (the "ATAD 1 Law") transposed the ATAD 1 into 
Luxembourg legislation. Amongst the measures contained in the ATAD 1 Law is an interest deductibility 
limitation rule.  
The interest deduction limitation rule set out by ATAD 1 has been implemented in article 168bis of the 
Luxembourg income tax law (“LITL”) effective as of 1 January 2019, which restrict, for a Luxembourg taxpayer, 
the deduction of net interest expenses qualifying as “exceeding borrowing costs” to the higher of (i) 30 per cent. 
of the taxpayer’s EBITDA and (ii) €3 million.  
Exceeding borrowing costs are defined as the amount by which the deductible borrowing costs of a taxpayer 
exceeds the taxpayer’s taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent taxable income of the taxpayer. 
Exceeding borrowing costs not deductible in a tax period can be carried forward indefinitely. The same applies to 
a taxpayer’s excess interest capacity which cannot be used in a given tax period (however, such excess interest 
capacity can only be carried forward for a maximum period of 5 years). 
Financial undertakings, such as credit institutions, are excluded fom the scope of the interest limitation rule, hence, 
considering that Mediobanca International is a credit institution within the meaning of the law dated 5 April 1993, 
it is not impacted by this interest limitation rule. 
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives also contain rules relating to so-called hybrid mismatches. Luxembourg 
implemented the anti-hybrid mismatch rules under ATAD 2 in article 168ter of the LITL with effect as of 1

--- Page 19 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 17 - 
47-41025581 
 
January 2020, except for the measures related to reverse hybrid mismatches which will apply as from fiscal year 
2022. 
As per article 168ter of the LITL, a hybrid mismatch arises when a payment between entities located in different 
states results in a double deduction or a deduction without inclusion. In the event of a double deduction, the 
deriving hybrid mismatch should be adjusted by denying the deduction at the level of either (i) the payee or (ii) 
the payor (provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of the payee). In the event of a 
deduction without inclusion, the deriving hybrid mismatch shall be adjusted by means of either (i) the denial of 
the deduction at the level of the payor or (ii) the inclusion of the payment in the taxable income of the payee 
(provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of the payor). 
A hybrid mismatch occurs only if it arises either (i) between "associated enterprises" or in the case of "acting 
together", (ii) a taxpayer and an associated enterprise, (iii) head office and permanent establishment, (iv) two or 
more permanent establishments of the same entity or (v) in the case of a structured arrangement. 
The impact of ATAD2 depends on the tax treatment at the level of the relevant holder of Notes and may alter the 
tax position and hence the performance of Mediobanca International. 
2. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE NOTES 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
(A) 
Risks which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes; and 
(B) 
Risks related to the market. 
(A) 
RISKS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH 
THE NOTES 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
proceed with investment only after fully appreciating the risks inherent in the nature of the Notes; 
(ii) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(iii) 
evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the 
Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; 
(v) 
consider all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with payments thereunder payable 
in one or more currencies, or where the currency for payments thereunder is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(vi) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes; and 
(vii) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
In addition, an investment in Senior Non Preferred Notes may entail significant risks not associated with 
investments in conventional securities such as debt or equity securities, including, but not limited to, the risks set 
out in “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes” set out below.

--- Page 20 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 18 - 
47-41025581 
 
The Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. 
They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. 
A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise 
(either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the 
resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s 
overall investment portfolio. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. This section contains risk factors which are material to the Notes 
being offered and/or admitted to trading. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes or may be perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to 
any redemption period. The relevant Issuer may redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, if the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is 
subject to the previsions set forth in Conditions 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(l) (Special provision in 
relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes (as the case may be) and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be 
lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant redemption 
date. 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the event 
that the relevant Issuer (i) would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg or Italy (as appropriate) or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax or (ii) would become subject to additional amount of taxes due to limitation to the deductibility of 
payments under any Notes), the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other 
investments available at that time. In addition, if the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, 
the exercise of such right is subject to the previsions set forth in Conditions 4(l) (Special provision in relation to 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be) and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the 
Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes 
as of the relevant redemption date. 
Regulatory Call

--- Page 21 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 19 - 
47-41025581 
 
Subject to Conditions 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, 
purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be), 
if Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes may 
be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Subordinated Note is 
not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Subordinated Note is a Floating Rate Note) (i) 
upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 4(g) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(g) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes) 
with respect to the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non Preferred Notes and (ii) in case of 
Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes cease to qualify (in whole or in part) as “Tier II Capital” on a 
consolidated or non consolidated basis, as a result of changes after the date of issue of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes in the standards and guidelines of the Bank of Italy or in the applicable legal or regulatory provisions 
(including legal or regulatory provisions adopted by the European Union). 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) being redeemed 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in the light of other investments available at that time. In addition, if the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem 
any Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the previsions set forth in Conditions 4(l) (Special 
provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be) and, in any case, the relevant redemption 
amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value 
of such Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer may elect to convert, in accordance 
with the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and/or the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be), from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
To the extent that Multiplier or Reference Rate Multiplier applies in respect of the determination of the Interest 
Rate for the Floating Rate Notes, investors should be aware that any fluctuation of the underlying floating rate 
will be amplified by such multiplier. Where the Multiplier or Reference Rate Multiplier is less than 1, this may 
adversely affect the return on the Floating Rate Notes. 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rate 
Potential investors in the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes should also consider that where the 
underlying interest rate does not rise above the level of the Minimum Interest Rate, comparable investments in 
notes which pay interest based on a fixed rate which is higher than the Minimum Interest Rate are likely to be 
more attractive to potential investors than an investment in the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes. 
Under those conditions, investors in the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes might find it difficult 
to sell their Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes on the secondary market (if any) or might only be 
able to realise the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes at a price which may be substantially lower 
than the nominal amount. 
To the extent a Maximum Interest Rate applies, investors should be aware that the Interest Rate is capped at such 
Maximum Interest Rate level. Consequently, investors in the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes 
may not participate in any increase of market interest rates, which may also negatively affect the market value of 
the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes

--- Page 22 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 20 - 
47-41025581 
 
If the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes are issued as Reset Notes, then such Reset Notes will 
initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date up to but 
excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent 
Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the 
First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date (each such interest rate, a “Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest”). The Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than to prices for conventional interest-bearing notes. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing notes with comparable maturities. 
Senior Notes as eligible for the purposes of the MREL/TLAC Requirements is subject to uncertainty 
The Senior Notes are intended to be eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements (as 
defined in Condition 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes and 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be). However, there is uncertainty regarding the final 
substance of the applicable MREL/TLAC Requirements, and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the 
Senior Notes will be or remain eligible for the purposes of the MREL/TLAC Requirements. The European laws 
and regulations implementing the TLAC concept may turn out to be more restrictive than the provisions set forth 
in the Final TLAC Standard, and some of the provisions in the Final TLAC Standard require further definition or 
interpretation. In addition, any changes to MREL under the European Commission’s combined legislative 
proposal may be more restrictive than the European Commission’s initial proposals or current regulations. The 
requirements for an instrument to be TLAC-eligible and MREL-eligible may not ultimately converge or be 
consistent under the final European laws and regulations. Because of the uncertainty surrounding the substance 
of the final regulations implementing the TLAC requirements and any potential changes to the regulations giving 
effect to MREL, the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Notes will ultimately be eligible for the 
purposes of the MREL/TLAC Requirements. If they are not eligible for the purposes of the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements (or if they initially are compliant with the MREL/TLAC Requirements and subsequently become 
ineligible due to a change in the relevant final regulations implementing the MREL/TLAC requirements), then an 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event will occur, with the consequences indicated in the risk factor above and in 
Condition 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes (as the case may be). 
Variation of the terms and conditions of the Senior Notes 
In relation to any series of Senior Notes, if Modification following a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
14 (Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power) modify the terms and conditions of such Senior 
Notes without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders to the extent that such modification 
is reasonably necessary to ensure that no MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event would exist after such modification 
or the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 (Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In 
Power), provided that the relevant conditions set forth in Condition 9(d) (Modification following a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 9(d) (Modification following 
a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case maybe) 
are satisfied. For details, see Condition 9(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 9(d) 
(Modification following a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes (as the case maybe). 
Investors should be aware that, where the terms and conditions of such Senior Notes are varied, Noteholders may, 
as a result, among other things, be assessed as a class rather than individually, and any tax consequences may be 
borne by the Noteholder.

--- Page 23 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 21 - 
47-41025581 
 
Italian laws and regulations applicable to the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
On 1 January 2018, the Italian law No. 205 of 27 December 2017 (so-called “Legge di Bilancio 2018”) came into 
force introducing certain amendments to the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Italian 
Banking Act”), including the possibility for banks and companies belonging to banking groups to issue senior 
non-preferred securities (the so-called “strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello”). 
In particular, the so-called “Legge di Bilancio 2018” introduced, inter alia, a new provision in the Italian Banking 
Act (i.e., Article 12-bis (Strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello)) providing that securities 
(obbligazioni and altri titoli di debito) with a senior non-preferred ranking issued by banks and companies 
belonging to banking groups shall comply with the following requirements: 
(i) 
the original maturity period is at least equal to twelve months; 
(ii) 
are not derivative securities (strumenti finanziari derivanti) (as defined in Article 1, paragraph 3 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”)), are not 
linked to derivative securities, nor include any characteristics of such derivative securities; 
(iii) 
the minimum denomination is at least equal to EUR 150,000; 
(iv) 
may be offered only to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as referred to in Article 100, letter a), 
of the Financial Services Act as implemented by Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b) of Regulation 
No. 11971/1999 and the relevant applicable provisions set forth in CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018; 
(v) 
the prospectus and the agreements regulating the issuance of senior non-preferred securities expressly 
provide that payment of interests and reimbursement of principal due in respect thereof are subject to the 
provisions set forth in of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act. 
According to Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act, in case an issuer of senior non-
preferred securities is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa), the relevant 
payment obligations in respect thereof will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including 
depositors), (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and non preferred obligations 
which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such senior non-preferred securities 
and (C) in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such senior non-preferred securities and the 
claims of the shareholders. 
Furthermore, Article 12-bis of the Italian Banking Act also provides that: 
(A) 
the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act shall apply 
to such senior non-preferred securities only to the extent that the requirements described in paragraphs 
(i), (ii) and (v) above have been complied with; any contractual provision which does not comply with 
any of the above requirements is invalid but such invalidity does not imply the invalidity of the entire 
agreement; 
(B) 
the senior non-preferred securities, once issued, may not be amended in a manner that the requirements 
described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (v) above are not complied with and that any different contractual 
provision is null and void; and 
(C) 
the Bank of Italy may enact further regulation providing for additional requirements in respect of the 
issuance and the characteristics of senior non-preferred securities. 
Any prospective investor in the Senior Non Preferred Notes should be aware that with reference to Articles 12-
bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, no 
interpretation of the application of such provisions has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or 
regulatory authority and no regulation has been issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. Consequently, it is 
possible that any regulation or official interpretation relating to the above will be issued in the future by the Bank 
of Italy or any different authority, the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 24 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 22 - 
47-41025581 
 
Risk of classification of the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
The intention of Mediobanca is for Senior Non Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as “strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello” pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter 
c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements. 
Current regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy (acting as lead regulator) does not require (or customarily provide) 
a confirmation prior to the issuance of the Senior Non Preferred Notes that the Senior Non Preferred Notes will 
comply with such provisions. 
Although it is Mediobanca' expectation that the Senior Non Preferred Notes qualify as “strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello” pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter 
c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements 
(as defined in Condition 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be) there can be no representation that this is or will remain 
the case during the life of the Senior Non Preferred Notes. Upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory 
Call) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be), Mediobanca will have the right 
to redeem the Senior Non Preferred Notes in accordance with Condition 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be). Any 
redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca is subject to the provisions of Condition 4(l) 
(Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Senior Non Preferred Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other 
investments available at that time. In addition, if the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Senior Non 
Preferred Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the previsions set forth in Condition 4(l) 
(Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount 
of the Senior Non Preferred Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then 
current market value of such Senior Non Preferred Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are novel and complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable investment 
for certain investors. Each potential investor in the Senior Non Preferred Notes should determine the suitability 
of such investment in light of its own circumstances and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear 
the risks of an investment in the Senior Non Preferred Notes, including the possibility that the entire principal 
amount of the Senior Non Preferred Notes could be lost. A potential investor should not invest in the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes unless it has the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate 
how the Senior Non Preferred Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the market 
value of the Senior Non Preferred Notes, and the impact of this investment on the potential investor’s overall 
investment portfolio. 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are new types of instruments 
Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the risks associated 
with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned to senior non-preferred securities such as the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such 
securities may be particularly volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over 
time, the credit ratings and value of senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes will

--- Page 25 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 23 - 
47-41025581 
 
be lower than those expected by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior Non Preferred Notes. If so, 
investors may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations 
In order to be eligible to satisfy the provisions of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant 
Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements (as defined in 
Condition 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be), Senior Non Preferred Notes will be subordinated to existing senior 
debt and Senior Preferred Notes in the event that Mediobanca is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione 
coatta amministrativa). As a result, the default risk on the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be higher than the 
risk associated with preferred senior debt (such as Senior Preferred Notes) and other senior liabilities (such as 
wholesale deposits). 
Although Senior Non Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Preferred Notes 
which are not issued on a senior non preferred basis, there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior Non 
Preferred Notes will lose all or some of its investment should Mediobanca become subject to compulsory 
liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa). Thus, such holders of Senior Preferred Notes face an increased 
performance risk compared to holders of Senior Preferred Obligations. 
If a judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of Mediobanca, or if 
Mediobanca is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes will be subordinated to the payment in full of the senior preferred creditors of Mediobanca and any other 
creditors that are senior to the Notes. In the event of incomplete payment of senior preferred creditors and other 
creditors ranking ahead of the claims of the holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes, the obligations of the Issuer 
in connection with the principal of the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be terminated. The Noteholders shall be 
responsible for taking all steps necessary for the orderly accomplishment of any collective proceedings or 
voluntary liquidation in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Credit rating which may be assigned to the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes, upon issue, may be rated by one or more credit rating agencies. Such credit 
rating may be lower than the Mediobanca’s credit rating, since reflect the increased risk of loss in the event of 
the Mediobanca’s insolvency. As a result, Senior Non Preferred Notes are likely to be rated by one or more 
credit rating agencies close to the level of subordinated debt and as such may be subject to a higher risk of price 
volatility than the Senior Preferred Notes. 
In addition, the rating may change in the future depending on the assessment, by one or more credit rating 
agencies, of the impact on the different instrument classes resulting from the modified liability structure 
following the issuance of the Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
Moreover, rating organisations may seek to rate any Senior Non Preferred Notes on an “unsolicited” basis and, 
if such “unsolicited ratings” are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to such Senior Non Preferred Notes 
on a “solicited” basis, such shadow or unsolicited ratings could have an adverse effect on the value of any Senior 
Non Preferred Notes. 
Subordinated Notes 
If Mediobanca is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, or in the event that the Issuer becomes subject 
to an order of “liquidazione coatta amministrativa” as defined in Italian Banking Act, it will be required to pay 
the holders of senior debt (including the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes) 
and meet its obligations to all its other creditors (including unsecured creditors) in full before it can make any 
payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, Mediobanca may not have enough assets remaining after 
these payments to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Notes, in addition, the timing of any such payment 
may not be forecasted at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 26 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 24 - 
47-41025581 
 
For a full description of the provisions relating to Subordinated Notes, see Condition 2 (Status of Notes and 
Guarantee) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 2 (Status of Notes and 
Guarantee) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
In addition the Subordinated Notes expose investors to higher risks compared with certain other investments such 
as government bonds. Investors should therefore be aware that a comparison between the yield offered by the 
Subordinated Notes and those offered by other securities may not be meaningful or appropriate. 
Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
The intention of Mediobanca is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as “Tier II Capital”. Current regulatory 
practice by the Bank of Italy (acting as lead regulator) does not require (or customarily provide) a confirmation 
prior to the issuance of Subordinated Notes that the Subordinated Notes will be treated as such. 
Although it is Mediobanca’s expectation that the Subordinated Notes qualify as “Tier II Capital” there can be no 
representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of the Subordinated Notes or that the Subordinated 
Notes will be grandfathered under the implementation of future EU capital requirement regulations. If the 
Subordinated Notes are not grandfathered, or for any other reason cease to qualify (in whole or in part) as “Tier 
II Capital”, Mediobanca will have the right to redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 4(g) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes (as the case may be). Any redemption of Subordinated Notes issued by Mediobanca is subject to the prior 
approval of the Bank of Italy. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Subordinated Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments 
available at that time. In addition, if the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise 
of such right is subject to the previsions set forth in Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, 
purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 4(l) 
(Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Subordinated Notes to be 
redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Subordinated 
Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
Notes may be subject to loss absorption 
Investors should note that, in certain circumstances, Senior Notes may be the object of resolution tools. Investors 
should also be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in-tool, the BRRD contemplates that Subordinated Notes 
may be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-viability should the Bank 
of Italy, the Central Bank of Ireland or other authority or authorities having prudential oversight of Mediobanca 
at the relevant time be given the power to do so. The BRRD is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken 
in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. 
Moreover, in the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the 
maturity of certain debt instruments (such as the Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) issued by an institution 
under resolution or amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, or the date on which the interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period. As a result, the implementation of 
the directive or the taking of any action under it, as well as any perceived increase likelihood of application of 
such powers, could materially affect the value of any Notes. 
Variation of the terms and conditions of Subordinated Notes 
In relation to any series of Subordinated Notes, if Modification following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may upon the occurrence of a Regulatory 
Event or a Tax Event and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 
(Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power) modify the terms and conditions of such 
Subordinated Notes without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders to the extent that such 
modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no Regulatory Event or Tax Event would exist after such 
modification or the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 (Acknowledgement of the Italian /

--- Page 27 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 25 - 
47-41025581 
 
Luxembourg Bail-In Power), provided that the relevant conditions set forth in Condition 9(e) (Modification 
following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 9(e) (Modification following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes are satisfied. For details, see Condition 9(e) (Modification following a Regulatory Event or a 
Tax Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 9(e) (Modification following a 
Regulatory Event or a Tax Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Pursuant to Condition 9(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 9(f) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, in case the Notes have been distributed to a single holder (the “Single 
Holder”), the approval for the amendments under Condition 9(a),(b),(c),(d) and (e) shall be given by the Single 
Holder by way of binding approval letter with prior delivery of the relevant proof of ownership of the relevant 
Note. 
Investors should be aware that, where the terms and conditions of such Subordinated Notes are varied, Noteholders 
may, as a result, among other things, be assessed as a class rather than individually, and any tax consequences 
may be borne by the Noteholder. 
No gross up on withholding tax 
To the extent that the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor is required by law to withhold or deduct any present or 
future taxes of any kind imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (as appropriate), the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may not be under an obligation to pay any 
additional amounts to Noteholders according to and subject to the provisions set forth in Condition 6(a) (Gross 
Up) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(a) (Gross Up) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Waiver of set-off 
As specified in Condition 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), Condition 2(c) (Status of the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes) and Condition 2(d) (Status of the Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, each holder of a Note will unconditionally 
and irrevocably waive any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Note.  
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Change of law 
The English Law Notes and the Italian Law Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the relevant Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, respectively, 
English law or Italian Law, in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, provided that (I) in case of Notes 
issued by Mediobanca, Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) (Status of the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes), 2(d) (Status of the Subordinated Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 8 (Events of Default) and 16 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / 
Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, Italian law; (II) in case of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca 
International, Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) and Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / 
Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Conditions 2(b) (Status of 
the Senior Preferred Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) and Condition 14 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) or the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Luxembourgish law. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law and/or Italian law, or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Call options are subject to the prior consent to the Relevant Authority

--- Page 28 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 26 - 
47-41025581 
 
The Notes may also contain provisions allowing the relevant Issuer to call them upon the occurrence of certain 
events, including, inter alia, in case of MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event (in case of the Senior Preferred Notes 
and the Senior Non Preferred Notes) or after a period of, for example, twelve months (in case of the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes) and five years (in case of the Subordinated Notes). To exercise such a call option, the relevant 
Issuer must obtain the prior written consent of the Relevant Authority in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations, including article 77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV, and the provisions of Condition 4(l) (Special provision 
in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Holders of such Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of such Notes and should not invest in such Notes 
in the expectation that such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the relevant Issuer 
and certain other factors at the relevant time and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including 
Article 77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV. 
There can be no assurance that the Relevant Authority will permit such a call. Holders of such Notes should be 
aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in 
excess of the minimum period. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Senior Notes and/or the Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that time. In addition, if the relevant Issuer has the 
right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the previsions set forth in Condition 
4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be) and, in any 
case, the relevant redemption amount of the Senior Notes and/or Subordinated Notes to be redeemed may be lower 
than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Senior Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
as of the relevant redemption date. 
There may be limited or no Event of Defaults under the Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 8 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 
8(Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, the Events of Default, being events 
upon which the Noteholders may declare the Notes to be immediately due and payable, are limited to 
circumstances in which the Issuer is wound up or dissolved, except for the purposes of, and pursuant to, or in 
connection with, a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, consolidation, 
deconsolidation or disposal of assets. 
Accordingly, Noteholders will not be able to accelerate the payment of principal in respect of the Notes if the 
relevant Issuer fails to meet any obligations under such Notes, including the payment of any interest. Upon a 
payment default, the sole remedy available to holders of such Notes will be the institution of proceedings to 
enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such 
proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Italian Law Notes 
 
The Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes are governed by Italian law and Condition 15 (Law and 
Jurisdiction) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes provides that contractual and noncontractual 
obligations arising out or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Italian Law. In case the Notes are in global form, the Global Notes representing the Italian Law Notes provide 
that all contractual and non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Global Notes 
representing the Italian Law Notes are governed by Italian law, save for the form and transferability of the Global 
Notes which are governed by English law. Furthermore, Temporary Global Notes or the Permanent Global Notes, 
whether issued in CGN or NGN form, as the case may be, representing the Italian Law Notes are signed by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom and, thereafter, delivered to BNP Paribas Securities Services as initial Fiscal Agent, 
being the entity in charge for, inter alia, completing, authenticating and delivering the Temporary Global Notes 
and Permanent Global Notes and (if required) authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes, hence the Italian 
Law Notes would be deemed to be issued in England according to Italian law. Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 31

--- Page 29 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 27 - 
47-41025581 
 
May 1995 (regarding the Italian international private law rules) provides that "other debt securities (titoli di 
credito) are governed by the law of the State in which the security was issued". 
 
In light of the above, the Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable 
to the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and the Global Notes and the laws applicable to their 
transfer and circulation for any prospective investors in the Italian Law Notes and any disputes which may arise 
in relation to, inter alia, the transfer of ownership in the Italian Law Notes. 
 
Procedures of clearing systems 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by 
one or more Global Notes and such Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or (where applicable) 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the 
relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system provided in the Final Terms will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors 
will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the relevant Issuer 
will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system for 
distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system to receive payments 
under the relevant Notes. The relevant Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Holders of beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted 
to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Modification 
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) may, 
without the consent of Noteholders, correct (i) any manifest error in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or 
in the Final Terms, (ii) any error of a formal, minor or technical nature in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
and/or in the Final Terms or (iii) any inconsistency in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or in the Final 
Terms between the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the Final Terms and any other documents prepared 
in connection with the issue and/or offer of a Series of Notes (provided such correction is not materially prejudicial 
to the holders of the relevant Series of Notes). In addition, pursuant to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark replacement) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition3(r) (Benchmark replacement) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the 
Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the 
Noteholders. Any such correction shall be binding on the holders of the relevant Notes and the relevant Issuer and 
the Guarantor (if applicable) shall cause such correction to be notified to the holders of the Notes as soon as 
practicable thereafter pursuant to Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
In all cases described above, the Noteholders may be bound by any amendments, including those prejudicial to 
their interests, even if they had not provided their consent. 
Conflict of Interest 
Investors should note that Notes issued under the Program may be underwritten by Dealers who receive in 
consideration underwriting commissions and selling concessions. The relevant Issuer may also offer and sell 
Notes directly to investors without the involvement of any Dealer. In addition, Mediobanca may act as market 
maker or specialist or perform other similar roles in connection with the Notes: potential conflicts of interest may 
exist between Mediobanca acting in such capacity on the one hand, and investors in the Notes on the other.

--- Page 30 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 28 - 
47-41025581 
 
Calculation Agent 
The relevant Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that 
is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting 
interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and 
procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be 
engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by 
Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes 
and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Impossibility to know the amount of the Notes in circulation on the date of issue 
The Notes may be issued and withheld by the relevant Issuer for the progressive sale on the market in accordance 
with investors’ demand. In this context an investor who acquires the Notes does not know at the moment of 
purchase how much of the issued Notes effectively are publicly traded, with the consequence that the amount in 
circulation could be meagre and may not guarantee successively adequate liquidity in the Notes. 
Issue of subsequent tranche 
In the event the relevant Issuer decides to issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as an already 
existing Series of Notes (or in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the first payment of 
interest) and so that the further Notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with the original Notes, the 
greater nominal amount in circulation could lead to a greater offer of the relevant Notes in the secondary market 
with a consequent negative impact on the price of the relevant Series of the Notes. 
Reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate index 
“benchmarks" 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed “benchmarks” are the 
subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” 
to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the “EU Benchmarks 
Regulation”) applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution 
of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
The Benchmark Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact 
on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
“benchmark”. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes 
provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, (including 
any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, including 
the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a reference bond rate, a successor rate or an

--- Page 31 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 29 - 
47-41025581 
 
alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may 
result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This 
may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based 
on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning 
the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Even if the rate determination agent is able to determine an appropriate replacement rate for any Benchmark, if 
the replacement of the Benchmark with the replacement rate would result in a MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event or (in the case of Subordinated Notes only) a Regulatory Event, the rate of interest will not be changed, 
but will instead be fixed on the basis of the last available quotation of the Benchmark. This could occur if, for 
example, the switch to the replacement rate would create an incentive to redeem the relevant Notes that would 
be inconsistent with the relevant requirements necessary to maintain the regulatory status of the Notes. While 
this mechanism will ensure that the Notes will not become subject to a potential regulatory event-based 
redemption, it will result in the Notes being effectively converted to fixed rate instruments. Investors holding 
such Notes might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders 
of such Notes will not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of the Notes could as a consequence 
be adversely affected. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, 
the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment 
decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported 
going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on 
certain “benchmarks”: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
“benchmark”; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmarks” and/or (iii) leading 
to the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result 
of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
“benchmark”. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national and the possible application of 
the benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes, investigations and licensing issues in making any 
investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to a “benchmark” since the rate of interest will be changed 
in ways which may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such holders 
be obtained. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) and the euro short-term rate (“€STR”), as reference rates for Eurobonds 
continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption 
of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such 
rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme. The Issuers may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, or €STR that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this 
Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or

--- Page 32 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 30 - 
47-41025581 
 
increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued 
under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in 
the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate notes 
issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula 
in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market participants 
and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including 
various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward 
expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different 
measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the 
Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing 
indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and 
have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) and other inter-bank offered rates 
in a number of material respects. These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, 
calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, 
whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured 
and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may 
behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, 
SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform 
differently over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily 
changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other 
market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The level of 
such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, 
if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the 
future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such 
risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank 
offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of 
Default under Condition 8 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to 
a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are 
scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could change the 
value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related 
index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their successors) 
as administrators of SONIA, SOFR or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could

--- Page 33 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 31 - 
47-41025581 
 
change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. In addition, the 
administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any 
related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The 
administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, 
revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds and Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or sustainable assets 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of the 
relevant Issuer. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of the proceeds, this will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms, including in case an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue 
of each Tranche of Notes will be used for the purposes of projects that promote climate-friendly and other 
environmental purposes and/or that promote access to labour market and accomplishment of general interest 
initiatives and/or to finance or refinance a combination of both green and social projects (typically known as 
“sustainability bonds”). Where it does so, the relevant Final Terms may describe the Notes as “green bonds” 
(“Green Bonds”), “social bonds” (“Social Bonds”) or “sustainability bonds” (“Sustainability Bonds”), in each 
case issued in accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) 
(respectively, the Green Bond Principles (“GBP”), the Social Bond Principles (“SBP”) and the Sustainability 
Bond Guidelines (“SBG”)). 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information in those Final Terms regarding such 
use of proceeds and must: 
(i) 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such 
Notes; 
(ii) 
assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own circumstances; and 
(iii) 
make any other investigation they deem necessary. 
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuers or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for the funding of 
any green, social or sustainability project, as the case may be, will satisfy, either in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own articles of association or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. In addition, it 
should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of a “green”, 
“social” or “sustainable” project or other equivalent label nor is there any market consensus as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as such, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”) or 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA, has 
been recently enacted and the relevant technical criteria are still to be published. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any green, social or sustainable project, as the case 
may be, towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied will meet investor expectations regarding any 
“green” or “social” or “sustainable” performance objectives (including those set out under the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation) or that any adverse social, green, sustainable and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any green or social or sustainable project. 
Furthermore, in connection with any Notes that are stated to be Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds, it should be noted that the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting 
firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant green, low carbon, social and/or sustainable 
projects, as the case may be, have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, 
social and sustainable projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or a second-party opinion regarding 
the suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection with certain environmental, sustainability or social 
projects (any such second-party opinion, a “Second-party Opinion”). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount

--- Page 34 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 32 - 
47-41025581 
 
corresponding to the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds. 
A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green Bonds or 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as of the date it is released. In addition, a 
withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds and 
Sustainability Bonds and/or have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or 
social or sustainable assets. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Social Bonds, Green Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that any 
related green, low carbon, social or sustainable projects, as the case may be, will be capable of being implemented 
in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule, and, accordingly, neither can 
it be guaranteed that the proceeds of the Social Bonds, Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or 
partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such green, low carbon, social or 
sustainable projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Notes for any green, social or sustainable 
projects will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuers; (ii) constitute an Event of Default 
under the relevant Notes; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuers to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for 
the Issuers in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes; (iv) 
affect the qualification of such Notes as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello, Tier 2 Capital or as 
eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable); (v) have any impact on the status of the Notes as indicated in 
Condition 2 (Status of Notes and Guarantee) or (vi) prevent the applicability of the Bail-in Power. For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any 
amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets and payments of 
principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred right against such assets. 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as any other Bonds, will be fully subject to the application 
of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, 
proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities 
should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or 
such other equivalent label. 
Any failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Notes for any green, social or sustainable projects may have 
a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for, amongst others, 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
(B) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes. 
The relevant Issuer has no obligation to purchase the Notes from the Noteholders. However, should the relevant 
Issuer decide to purchase the Notes, the secondary market pricing that the Issuer may provide on the Notes may 
reflect the unwinding cost of the hedging portfolio (if any) and/or the loss of profit (lucro cessante) related to such 
hedging portfolio. 
Specific Buy Back Provisions 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, investors should be 
aware that the relevant Issuer has issued the Notes also for the purpose of entering into, from time to time, certain

--- Page 35 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 33 - 
47-41025581 
 
Underlying Transactions. In this respect, the value of the Notes shall reflect and shall be calculated on the basis 
of the Market Value of such Underlying Transactions. The composition of the Underlying Transaction will be 
made available to the investors in accordance with the method of publication indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International 
in their reasonable discretion with maturities and notional that can be larger, respectively, than the Maturity Date 
and Notional Amount of the relevant Notes, and the relevant composition is subject to change during the life of 
the Notes. Any changes in the composition of the Underlying Transaction could adversely affect the Market Value 
of the Underlying Transactions and, therefore, the value of the Notes. 
The Market Value of the Underlying Transactions, as determined by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International, 
acting in its capacity as Calculation Agent, in a fair and commercially reasonable manner and with reference to 
the market, could adversely affect the repurchase price, if any, of the Notes. Therefore in the event that an investor 
requests the relevant Issuer to repurchase the Notes hold by it prior to their maturity, and the relevant Issuer 
accepts such repurchase, the price of the Notes (Buy Back Price) will be a price that perfectly reflects the Market 
Value of such Underlying Transactions. In particular, investors should note that the Market Value of the 
Underlying Transactions could adversely and materially affect the Buy Back Price payable to the relevant investor, 
particularly where the Underlying Transactions have maturities and/or notional amounts longer and/or higher, 
respectively, than the Maturity Date and principal amount of the relevant Notes. 
The Specific Buy Back Provisions shall not affect the right of the investors to receive timely payments of principal 
and interest on the Notes. As consideration of the relevant Issuer entering into the Underlying Transactions in 
relation to the Notes, the relevant Issuer will pay an Extra Yield on the Notes. 
The Specific Buy Back Provisions may apply only to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca and/or 
Mediobanca International and where Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International are specified as Dealers. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest, if any, on the Notes in the Relevant Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Relevant Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Relevant Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency or due to the official redenomination of the Relevant Currency, and/or 
Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over Relevant Currency, and/or the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Relevant Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) 
the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes, and (iii) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in 
the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest, principal or other amount than expected, or no interest or principal or other amount. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Each prospective investor

--- Page 36 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 34 - 
47-41025581 
 
should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Impact of implicit fees on the Issue/Offer Price 
Investors should note that implicit fees (e.g. placement fees, direction fees, structuring fees) may be a component 
of the Issue/Offer Price of Notes, but such fees will not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the 
price of the relevant Notes in the secondary market. 
The relevant Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the type and amount of any implicit fees which are 
applicable from time to time. 
Investors should also take into consideration that if Notes are sold on the secondary market immediately following 
the offer period relating to such Notes, the implicit fees included in the Issue/Offer Price on initial subscription 
for such Notes will be deducted from the price at which such Notes may be sold in the secondary market. 
Certain considerations associated with public offers of Notes 
If Notes are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Issuer and/or other entities specified in the Final Terms may have the right to withdraw the 
offer, which in such circumstances will be deemed to be null and void according to the terms indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
In such case, investors who have already paid or delivered subscription monies for the relevant Notes will be 
entitled to reimbursement of such amounts, but will not receive any remuneration that may have accrued in the 
period between their payment or delivery of subscription monies and the reimbursement of the Notes. 
Possible Illiquidity of the Notes in the Secondary Market 
It is not possible to predict the price at which Notes will trade in the secondary market or whether such market 
will be liquid or illiquid. The relevant Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list or admit to trading Notes on a stock 
exchange or market. If the Notes are not listed or admitted to trading on any exchange or market, pricing 
information for the Notes may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected. 
If the relevant Issuer does list or admit to trading an issue of Notes, there can be no assurance that at a later date, 
the Notes will not be delisted or that trading on such exchange or market will not be suspended. In the event of a 
delisting or suspension of listing or trading on a stock exchange or market, the relevant Issuer will use its 
reasonable efforts to list or admit to trading the Notes on another exchange or market. 
The relevant Issuer, or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Notes at any price in 
the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any Notes so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered 
for cancellation. The relevant Issuer or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, be a market-maker for an 
issue of Notes. Even if the Issuer or such other entity is a market-maker for an issue of Notes, the secondary 
market for such Notes may be limited. 
Investors should note that if an entity is appointed as market-maker or liquidity provider with respect to the Notes 
in the secondary market, this may, in certain circumstances, affect the price of the Notes in the secondary market. 
In addition, all or part of the Notes issued under this Programme may be subscribed upon issuance by the relevant 
Issuer itself or by its Affiliate(s) for resales thereafter on the basis of investors’ demand. Accordingly, investors 
subscribing for Notes upon their issuance should be aware that there may not be a viable secondary market for the 
relevant Notes immediately. Even if a market does develop subsequently, it may not be very liquid. 
Listing of Notes 
In respect of Notes which are (in accordance with the applicable Final Terms) to be listed on a stock exchange, 
market or quotation system, the relevant Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to maintain such listing, 
provided that if it becomes impracticable or unduly burdensome or unduly onerous to maintain such listing, then 
the relevant Issuer may apply to de-list the relevant Notes, although in this case it will use all reasonable 
endeavours to obtain and maintain (as soon as reasonably practicable after the relevant de- listing) an alternative

--- Page 37 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 35 - 
47-41025581 
 
admission to listing, trading and/or quotation by a stock exchange, market or quotation system within or outside 
the European Union, as it may decide. 
If such an alternative admission is not available or is, in the opinion of the relevant Issuer, impracticable or unduly 
burdensome, an alternative admission will not be obtained and the liquidity of the secondary market of the Notes 
could be affected. 
Combination or “layering” of multiple risk factors may significantly increase risk of loss 
Although the various risks discussed in this Base Prospectus are generally described separately, prospective 
investors in the Notes should consider the potential effects of the interplay of multiple risk factors. Where more 
than one significant risk factor is present, the risk of loss to an investor may be significantly increased. There are 
many other circumstances in which layering of multiple risks with respect to the Issuers and /or the Guarantor 
and/or the Notes may magnify the effect of those risks.

--- Page 38 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 36 - 
47-41025581 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE EURO 40,000,000,000 EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE 
PROGRAMME 
The following is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, to be read in conjunction with the Prospectus Regulation. The following 
overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified by the remainder of this Document and, in relation to 
the terms and conditions of any particular Series (as defined below in “Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes” and in “Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes”) of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Subject 
as provided in “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” or in “Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes”, as the case may be, any of the following (including, without limitation, the type of Notes which may be 
issued pursuant to the Programme) may be varied or supplemented as agreed between the Issuer, the relevant 
Dealer(s) and the Fiscal Agent (if applicable). Words and expressions defined in “Forms of the Notes”, “Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes” shall have the 
same meaning in this overview: 
Issuers: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. and 
Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A.: 
Mediobanca was established on 10 April 1946 as a medium-term 
credit granting institution in Italy. In 1956, Mediobanca’s shares 
were admitted to the Italian Stock Exchange and since then its 
business has expanded both nationally and internationally. 
 
Mediobanca is registered at the Companies’ Registry of the 
Chamber of Commerce of Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi, Italy 
under registration number 00714490158. Mediobanca’s registered 
office is at Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1, 20121 Milan, Italy, telephone 
number (+39) 0288291. 
 
Mediobanca holds a banking licence from the Bank of Italy 
authorising it to carry on all permitted types of banking activities 
in Italy. 
 
Mediobanca is a bank organised and existing under the laws of 
Italy, carrying out a wide range of banking, financial and related 
activities throughout Italy. 
 
At the date hereof, Mediobanca’s issued share capital totals Euro 
443,640,006.50, represented by 887,280,013 registered shares of a 
nominal value of Euro 0.50. 
 
The Board of Directors of Mediobanca is responsible for the 
ordinary and extraordinary management of Mediobanca. 
Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.: 
Mediobanca International has the form of a société anonyme 
subject to Luxembourg law and has its place of registration in 
Luxembourg. On 15 December 2005, the Luxembourg Minister of 
the Treasury and the Budget, on the recommendation of the CSSF, 
granted Mediobanca International a full banking licence pursuant 
to which its operations include raising funds in the international 
markets and lending, consistent with Mediobanca International’s 
articles of association approved by the shareholders in the general 
meeting held on 21 December 2005. 
 
Mediobanca International is registered at the Luxembourg trade 
and companies registry under registration number B 112885. 
Mediobanca International’s registered office is at 4, Boulevard 
Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

--- Page 39 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 37 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
As at 30 June 2021, Mediobanca International’s issued and 
authorised fully paid share capital totals Euro 10,000,000 
represented by 1,000,000 registered shares of Euro 10 par value. 
 
The Board of Directors of Mediobanca International is responsible 
for setting authorisation levels, defining organisational structure, 
defining the system of internal control and reviewing it on a 
regular basis, and approving the bank’s accounts and interim 
statements. Day-to-day management is entrusted to two authorised 
managers. 
Guarantor: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. with respect to 
Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arranger: 
Mediobanca Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Dealer: 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
Each of the Issuers may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any dealer under the Programme or appoint 
additional dealers either in respect of a single Tranche or in respect 
of the whole Programme. 
Fiscal Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch will act as 
Fiscal Agent in respect of the Notes except for Notes in 
dematerialised form, which are deposited directly with Monte 
Titoli S.p.A. (“Monte Titoli”). BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing 
client services with a worldwide network covering different time 
zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other BNP 
Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate 
accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. Further 
information on the international operating model of BNP Paribas 
Securities Services Luxembourg Branch may be provided upon 
request. 
Italian Paying Agent: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. will act as 
Italian Paying Agent with respect to Notes in dematerialised form 
deposited directly with Monte Titoli (which role will include the 
role of Fiscal Agent with respect to such Notes). 
Size: 
Up to Euro 40,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies 
at the date of each issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency or currencies as 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable), and the 
relevant Dealer so agree. 
Maturities/Final Redemption: 
Any maturity subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives. Unless previously redeemed, purchased 
and cancelled as provided in accordance with Conditions 4(c) 
(Redemption for taxation reasons), 4(d) (Purchases), 4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 4(g) (Redemption for 
regulatory 
reasons 
(Regulatory 
Call)), 
Condition 
4(h) 
(Redemption at the option of holders of Notes) or Condition 4(i) 
(Redemption by instalments) of the Terms and Conditions of the

--- Page 40 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 38 - 
47-41025581 
 
English Law Notes or Conditions 4(c) (Redemption for taxation 
reasons), 4(d) (Purchases), 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory 
Call)), 4(h) (Redemption at the option of holders of Notes) or 
Condition 4(i) (Redemption by instalments) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, as the case may be, each Note 
will be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity 
Date. 
 
Any Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are received by the relevant Issuer in the United Kingdom and 
which have a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue 
must (a) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or (b) be issued in 
other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 by the 
relevant Issuer. 
 
Under applicable laws and regulations at the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
(i) 
Senior Non Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity 
Period of twelve months, as provided under Articles 12-bis 
and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act 
and any relevant implementing regulation which may be 
enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority, and 
may be redeemable only after twelve months’ prior notice to 
holders of the Senior Non Preferred Notes subject to the prior 
authorisation of the Bank of Italy, when required; and 
(ii) Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period 
of five years, as provided under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, and may be redeemable only after five years’ 
prior notice to holders of Subordinated Notes subject to 
Relevant Authority prior authorisation, when required. 
Denomination: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements and save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic 
Area in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €1,000 (or 
where the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such other currency), that Senior Non 
Preferred Notes issued under the Programme will have a 
denomination of at least €150,000 (or, where the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from time to time and 
that the Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme will have 
a denomination of at least EUR 200,000 (or, where the 
Subordinated Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other

--- Page 41 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 39 - 
47-41025581 
 
minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to 
time. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in one or more Series (which may be 
issued on the same date or which may be issued in more than one 
Tranche on different dates). The Notes may be issued in Tranches 
on a continuous basis with no minimum issue size, subject to 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives. 
Further Notes may be issued as part of an existing Series. 
Consolidation of Notes: 
Notes of one series may be consolidated with Notes of another 
Series, all as described in Condition 11 (Further Issues and 
Consolidation) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 11 (Further Issues and Consolidation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (i) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms or 
(ii) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the relevant 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
 
References in this General Description of the Euro 40,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme to the “Final Terms” shall, 
where applicable, be read as references to the Drawdown 
Prospectus relating to the Notes, as the case may be. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only. 
 
If the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the 
relevant Final Terms will specify whether each Global Note is to 
be issued in New Global Note or in Classic Global Note form. 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be represented by a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note which, in 
each case, will be deposited on or around the Issue Date: (a) in the 
case of Notes intended to be issued in Classic Global Note form, 
with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and/or deposited directly with Monte Titoli S.p.A. and/or 
any other centralised custodian appointed by the Issuers (together, 
the “Centralised Custodian”) and (b) in the case of Notes intended 
to be issued in New Global Note form, with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. No interest will be 
payable in respect of a Temporary Global Note except as described 
under “Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form”. 
 
Interests in Temporary Global Notes will be exchangeable for 
interests in Permanent Global Notes or, if so stated in the relevant 
Final Terms for Definitive Notes after the date falling 40 days after 
the Issue Date upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. If specified in the relevant Final Terms, interests in 
Permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for definitive Notes 
as described under “Provisions Relating to the Notes While in 
Global Form”. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have 
interest Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further 
Coupons and will, if the principal thereof is repayable by 
instalments, have payment Receipts attached.

--- Page 42 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 40 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
If the Notes are issued and held in book-entry form, the Notes will 
not be represented by paper certificates and the transfer and 
exchange of Notes will take place exclusively through an 
electronic book-entry system managed by Monte Titoli S.p.A. or 
any other Centralised Custodian appointed by the Issuer. 
Accordingly, all Notes of the same tranche shall be deposited by 
their owners with an intermediary participant in the relevant 
Centralised Custodian. The intermediary will in turn deposit the 
Notes with the Centralised Custodian. 
 
In such circumstances, it will not possible for a Noteholder to 
obtain physical delivery of certificates representing the Notes. 
Issue Price of the Notes: 
Issue Price will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Notes 
may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their principal amount. 
Type of Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Notes of any kind, including but not limited 
to, Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes (in case of the Senior Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes only), Floating Rate Notes and Zero 
Coupon Notes. 
 
Notes will be redeemed by way of cash payment. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield in respect of 
Fixed Rate Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
will be calculated as internal rate of return (IRR) on the basis of 
the Issue Price, any Fixed Coupon and/or any Broken Amount. 
Reset Notes: 
If the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes are 
issued as Reset Notes, then such Reset Notes will, in respect of an 
initial period, bear interest at the initial fixed rate of interest 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of 
interest will be reset on one or more date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms by reference to a mid-market swap rate, as 
adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case, as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest by reference to the 
benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
adjusted for any applicable margin/multiplier. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at 
a discount or a premium to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates for 
the Notes: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. The Senior Preferred Notes and 
the Subordinated Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes to 
bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. 
Redemption Amount for the Notes: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption 
Amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 43 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 41 - 
47-41025581 
 
Redemption by Instalments for the 
Notes: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes which are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the date on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be issued by Mediobanca on a subordinated basis (the 
“Subordinated Notes”), senior non preferred basis (the “Senior 
Non Preferred Notes”) or senior preferred basis (the “Senior 
Preferred Notes” and, together with the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes, the “Senior Notes”), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International 
may only be issued on a senior preferred basis. 
 
(i) 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the relevant Issuer and will rank at all times at least pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer, save for 
certain mandatory exceptions of applicable law, it being 
understood moreover that the obligations of the relevant 
Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes will be subject to 
the Italian Bail-In Power or the Luxembourg Bail-In 
Power, as the case may be. See Condition 2(b) (Status of 
the Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or Condition 2(b) (Status of the 
Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes. 
 
(ii) 
Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes: 
 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non 
preferred obligations of Mediobanca and will rank at all 
times pari passu without any preference among 
themselves. 
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or 
bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta 
Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment obligations 
of Mediobanca under each Series of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be, will 
rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated 
creditors (including depositors and any holder of Senior 
Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of 
Mediobanca, including claims arising from the excluded 
liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR 
but (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsubordinated and non preferred obligations of 
Mediobanca which do not rank or are not expressed by 
their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of Senior 
Non Preferred Notes and (C) in priority to any present or 
future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes (including any holder of Subordinated 
Notes) and the claims of shareholders of Mediobanca, in 
all such cases in accordance with the provisions of Article 
91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act 
and any relevant implementing regulation which may be 
enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority, it

--- Page 44 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 42 - 
47-41025581 
 
being understood moreover that the obligations of 
Mediobanca under the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be 
subject to the Italian Bail-In Power. 
 
(iii) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
 
The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of Mediobanca and will at all 
times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves, all as described in Condition 2(d) (Status of 
the Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or Condition 2(d) (Status of the 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or 
bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta 
Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment obligations 
of Mediobanca under each Series of Subordinated Notes, 
and the related Coupons as the case may be, will rank in 
right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors 
(including depositors and any holder of Senior Notes and 
their respective Coupons) of Mediobanca as well as 
subordinated creditors which rank or are expressed to 
rank senior to Subordinated Notes but (B) at least pari 
passu with all other subordinated obligations of 
Mediobanca which do not rank or are not expressed by 
their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of 
Subordinated Notes and (C) in priority to the claims of 
subordinated creditors ranking or expressed to rank junior 
to the Subordinated Notes (including, but not limited to, 
“Additional Tier 1 Instruments” (as defined in the 
Prudential Regulations for Banks and in the CRR)) and of 
the shareholders of Mediobanca, as described in 
Condition 2 (Status of the Notes and Guarantee) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 2 (Status of Notes and Guarantee) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and the relevant 
Final Terms, it being understood moreover that the 
obligations of Mediobanca under the Subordinated Notes 
will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power. 
Negative pledge: 
None. 
Guarantee: 
Under the Deed of Guarantee, and in accordance with the terms 
and subject to the limitations thereof, Mediobanca unconditionally 
and irrevocably guarantees payment of all amounts due in respect 
of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of 
Guarantee constitute – in accordance with the terms and subject to 
the limitations thereof – direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor which will rank at all times 
at least pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save for certain 
mandatory exceptions of applicable law. See also Condition 2(e) 
(Status of Guarantee) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or Condition 2(e) (Status of Guarantee) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. In particular, pursuant to

--- Page 45 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 43 - 
47-41025581 
 
the Deed of Guarantee to the extent under the applicable law in 
force at the relevant time, a cap to the maximum amount to be 
guaranteed is required, the Guarantor shall only be liable up to an 
amount which is the aggregate of 110 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of any Tranche of the Senior Preferred Notes (in 
each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and 110 per 
cent. of the interest on such Senior Preferred Notes accrued but not 
paid as at any date on which the Guarantor’s liability falls to be 
determined. In addition, pursuant to the Deed of Guarantee, the 
Guarantor has also undertaken to issue an additional guarantee in 
an amount equal to any liability exceeding the maximum amount 
mentioned above in relation to any Tranche of Senior Preferred 
Notes. 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
For so long as: 
(I) it is required under the MREL/TLAC Requirements, any 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Senior Preferred 
Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes is subject to the Issuer giving notice to the 
Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority granting 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Senior 
Preferred Notes; 
(II) it is required under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority and/or under the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements, any redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Senior Non Preferred Notes in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes is subject to the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant 
Authority and the Relevant Authority granting permission to 
redeem or purchase the relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes; 
and 
(III) it is required under Applicable Banking Regulations, any 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Subordinated 
Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes is subject to: (i) the prior approval of the Relevant 
Authority, as provided under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; (ii) in the case of any redemption or purchase, if 
and to the extent then required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, either (A) Mediobanca having replaced the 
Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of Mediobanca; or (B) Mediobanca having 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority 
that the own funds of Mediobanca would, following such 
redemption or purchase, exceed its Regulatory Capital 
Requirements for the time being; and (iii) in the case of any 
redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, 
(A) in case of redemption for tax reasons, Mediobanca has

--- Page 46 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 44 - 
47-41025581 
 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority 
that the change in tax treatment is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date, or (B) in the case 
of a Regulatory Event, Mediobanca has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the relevant 
change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated 
Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date and 
the Relevant Authority considers such change to be 
reasonably certain. 
Optional Redemption: 
Subject to any legal and regulatory requirements, the Final Terms 
issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether such 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option 
of the relevant Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to such redemption and 
subject to all relevant legal and regulatory requirements. 
 
If the Notes are: 
(i) 
Senior Preferred Notes, unless otherwise permitted under the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements, the Optional Redemption Date 
shall be subject to the prior authorisation of the Relevant 
Authority, when required; 
(ii) Senior Non Preferred Notes, unless otherwise permitted by 
Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority and/or under the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements, the Optional Redemption Date shall not be 
earlier than twelve months after the Issue Date, subject to the 
prior authorisation of the Relevant Authority, when required; 
and 
(iii) Subordinated Notes, unless otherwise permitted by current 
laws, regulations, directives, and/or the Relevant Authority’s 
requirements applicable to the issue of Subordinated Notes 
by Mediobanca, the Optional Redemption Date shall not be 
earlier than five years after the Issue Date, subject to the 
Relevant Authority prior authorisation when required. 
 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(l) (Special 
provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of 
the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes 
(as the case may be), if Regulatory Call is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Senior Notes and the Subordinated 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of Mediobanca, in whole but 
not in part, at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note): 
(i) in case of the Senior Notes, upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 
4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 4(g) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes) with respect to the 
relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and (ii) in case of Subordinated Notes, the 
Subordinated Notes cease to qualify (in whole or in part) as “Tier

--- Page 47 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 45 - 
47-41025581 
 
II Capital”, on a consolidated or non consolidated basis, as a result 
of changes after the date of issue of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Tax Redemption: 
With respect to Notes, the relevant Final Terms will specify 
whether early redemption will be permitted for tax reasons as 
described in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(c) 
(Redemption for taxation reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the 
Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor under the Deed of 
Guarantee will be made without withholding or deduction for, or 
on account of, any taxes imposed by the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg or the Republic of Italy, as the case may be, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor will (save as provided 
in Condition 6 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 6 (Taxation) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes) pay such additional amounts 
in respect of principal and interest in the case of Senior Notes (if 
permitted by MREL/TLAC Requirements) and interest only in the 
case of Subordinated Notes as will result in the holders of Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons receiving such amounts as they would have 
received in respect to Notes, Receipts or Coupons had no such 
withholding or deduction been required. 
 
However, as more fully set out in Condition 6 (Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, neither the Issuer nor (as 
the case may be) the Guarantor shall be liable, in certain 
circumstances, to pay any additional amounts to holders of Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons in relation to any payment on any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon with respect to any withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, inter alia, (i) substitute tax (imposta 
sostitutiva) pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 
(as subsequently amended “Decree No. 239”);; and (ii) 
withholding tax on Notes qualifying as atypical securities (titoli 
atipici) for Italian tax purposes, pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 
of 30 September 1983 (“Decree No. 512”). 
Rating: 
The rating of the Notes, if any, to be issued under the Programme 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the 
rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for 
in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended the 
(the “CRA Regulation”), or (2) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) but is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established in the European Union and registered under

--- Page 48 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 46 - 
47-41025581 
 
the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which 
is not established in the European Union but which is certified 
under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In 
general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA or in the UK and registered 
under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under 
the CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the United Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the United Kingdom which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”) is obliged to maintain on its website 
a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation, which may be found on the 
following page: at http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk. 
Governing Law: 
The English Law Notes and the Italian Law Notes and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
relevant Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, respectively, English law or Italian Law, also in 
accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EC) no. 864/2007 
of 11 July 2007 on the law applicable to non-contractual 
obligations (the “Rome II Regulation”) except, (I) in case of 
Notes issued by Mediobanca, Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior 
Preferred Notes), 2(c) (Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes), 
2(d) (Status of the Subordinated Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final 
Redemption), 
4(g) 
(Redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons 
(Regulatory Call)), 8 (Events of Default) and 16 (Acknowledgment 
of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes, are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, Italian law; (II) in case of Senior 
Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, Conditions 
2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final 
Redemption), 
4(g) 
(Redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) and Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of the 
Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior 
Preferred Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) and 
Condition 14 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-
in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Luxembourgish law. For the avoidance of doubt, articles 470-3 to 
470-19 of the Luxembourg law on commercial companies dated 
10 August 1915, as amended from time to time (the “Luxembourg 
Company Law”) shall not apply to Senior Preferred Notes issued 
by Mediobanca International.

--- Page 49 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 47 - 
47-41025581 
 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has also been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Euronext Dublin and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and 
the relevant Dealer in relation to the relevant Series. Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also 
be issued. 
 
The Central Bank of Ireland may, at the request of either Issuer, 
send to the competent authority of another European Economic 
Area Member State (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; and (ii) a 
Certificate of Approval in accordance with Article 25 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) 
payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other 
terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to 
each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms 
which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Official List of the 
Euronext Dublin, and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Euronext Dublin will be delivered to the Euronext Dublin. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and markets. 
Selling Restrictions: 
See “Plan of Distribution”.

--- Page 50 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 48 - 
47-41025581 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have been approved by or filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and the Euronext 
Dublin, shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 June 2021 and 2020 
of Mediobanca; 
 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 June 2021 and 
2020 of Mediobanca International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 25 - 46) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 11 January 
2007 relating to the Euro 16,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 34 - 56) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 4 December 
2007 relating to the Euro 25,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 37 – 58) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 12 December 
2008 relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 39 – 61) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 16 December 
2009 relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 99 – 133) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 13 January 
2011 relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Issuance Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 105 – 139) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 30 
November 2011 relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Issuance Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 76 – 105) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (pages 106 – 138) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 23 January 2013 relating to 
the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 76 – 105) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (pages 106 – 137) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 27 January 2014 relating to 
the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 81 – 111) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (pages 112 – 143) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 19 December 2014 relating 
to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 85 - 117) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (pages 118 - 150) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 11 December 2015 relating 
to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 69 - 96) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (pages 97 - 123) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 22 December 2016 relating to 
the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International;

--- Page 51 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 49 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 83 – 112) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (pages 113 – 141) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 24 January 2018 relating to 
the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 84 - 122) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (pages 123 - 155) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 21 December 2018 relating 
to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes (pages 48 - 92) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes (pages 93 - 137) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 16 December 2019 relating to 
the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International; and 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes (pages 50 - 95) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes (pages 96 - 141) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 relating to 
the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International, 
in the case of the above-mentioned financial statements, together with the accompanying notes and (where 
applicable) auditors’ reports, save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any of the documents 
incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document 
subsequently incorporated by reference by way of supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such statement. Where only certain sections of a document referred 
to above are incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus, the parts of the document which are not 
incorporated by reference are either not relevant for prospective investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuers will provide, without charge to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been delivered, 
upon the request of such person, a copy (by electronic means, unless such person requests hard copy) of any or 
all the documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein unless such documents have been modified or 
superseded as specified above, in which case the modified or superseded version of such document will be 
provided. Request for such documents should be directed to the Issuers at their offices set out at the end of this 
Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available, without charge, at the principal office of the 
Paying 
Agent 
in 
Luxembourg 
and 
on 
the 
Mediobanca’s 
website 
at 
the 
following 
link 
(https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/results-presentations/risultati.html with respect to the 
financial 
information, 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-issued/documents/framework-
documentation.html with respect to the remaining documents listed above) and on the Mediobanca International’s 
website (https://www.mediobancaint.lu/en/investor-documentation.html). 
The following table shows where some of the information incorporated by reference this Base Prospectus can be 
found in the above-mentioned documents. Information contained in those documents other than the information 
listed below does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Cross-reference list in respect of the Mediobanca and Mediobanca International audited financial 
statements 
Mediobanca - Consolidated annual financial 
statements 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Balance sheet .......................................................  
Pages 94-95 
Pages 96-97 
Statement of income ............................................  
Pages 96-97 
Pages 98-99 
Statement of changes in equity ............................  
Pages 98-99 
Pages 100-101 
Cash flow statement ............................................  
Pages 100-101 
Pages 102-103 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes .........  
Pages 103-371 
Pages 104-357 
Auditors’ reports ..................................................  
Pages 80-91 
Pages 82-93

--- Page 52 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 50 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
Mediobanca International - Non-Consolidated 
annual financial statements 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Statement of financial position ............................ 
Pages 36-37 
Pages 36-37 
Statement of comprehensive income ................... 
Pages 38 
Page 38 
Statement of changes in equity ............................ 
Pages 39-40 
Pages 39-40 
Cash flow statement ............................................ 
Page 41 
Page 41 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes ......... 
Pages 43-150 
Pages 43-146 
Auditors’ reports .................................................. 
Pages 29-34 
Pages 29-34

--- Page 53 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 51 - 
47-41025581 
 
FINAL TERMS, SUPPLEMENTS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Notes 
and the Guarantee. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer 
and the Guarantor have included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information 
relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at 
the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in 
this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus 
unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer will prepare a replacement prospectus setting out the changes in the operations and financial conditions 
of the Issuer at least every year. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there 
is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes, it shall prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and 
shall supply to each Dealer a number of copies of such supplement as a Dealer may reasonably request. 
In addition, the Issuers and the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer to issue Notes in a form not contemplated 
in the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled “Form of Final Terms”. To the extent that the information relating 
to that Tranche of Notes constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a “Drawdown Prospectus”) will be made available 
and will contain such information. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document 
containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Issuer and (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes 
issued by Mediobanca International only) the Guarantor and the relevant Notes or (2) pursuant to Article 6.3 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, by a registration document containing the necessary information relating to the relevant 
Issuer and (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International only) the Guarantor, a 
securities note containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary 
note. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, references in this Base 
Prospectus to information specified or identified in the Final Terms shall (unless the context requires otherwise) 
be read and construed as information specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 54 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 52 - 
47-41025581 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
(A) 
Temporary or Permanent Global Note 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either 
a temporary global note (a “Temporary Global Note”), without Coupons, or a permanent global note (a 
“Permanent Global Note”), without Coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each 
Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each, a “Global Note”) which is not 
intended to be issued in a new global note form (a “Classic Global Note” or “CGN”), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg” or “CBL”) and/or any other relevant clearing system and/or deposited directly 
with Monte Titoli S.p.A. and/or any other centralised custodian appointed by the Issuers (together, the 
“Centralised Custodian”) and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a “New 
Global Note” or “NGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the Issue Date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central 
banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled (including 
denomination in euro and listing on an EU regulated market or on an ECB-approved non-regulated market). At 
the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and the debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used (and if the above-mentioned other criteria are fulfilled). 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163- 5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
“TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are 
applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note without Coupons 
or Receipts (as defined herein), interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note, without Coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of 
the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary 
Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In 
addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the 
bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any 
subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its 
terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order 
of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, provided, however, that in no circumstances shall 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global 
Note.

--- Page 55 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 53 - 
47-41025581 
 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
(“Definitive Notes”): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 8 (Events 
of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 8 (Events of Default) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes occurs. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As an 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances 
described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of a minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000, plus integral multiples of EUR 1,000, provided that such denominations are not 
less than EUR 100,000 nor more than EUR 199,000, that Senior Non Preferred Notes issued under the Programme 
will have a denomination of at least EUR 150,000 (or, where the Senior Non Preferred Notes are denominated in 
a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other minimum denomination 
provided by applicable law from time to time and that the Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme will 
have a denomination of at least EUR 200,000 (or, where the Subordinated Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other minimum denomination provided by 
applicable law from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, 
upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal 
amount represented by the Permanent Global Note. However, a Noteholder who holds an aggregate principal 
amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons, 
Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, 
without Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons or Receipts, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole 
or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be 
collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be issued in 
denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such 
amounts, whether in global or definitive form. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons,

--- Page 56 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 54 - 
47-41025581 
 
Talons and Receipts (as defined herein) attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 
days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note, without Coupons or 
Receipts, interests in which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 8 (Events 
of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 8 (Events of Default) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes occurs. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples 
of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As 
an exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited 
circumstances described in paragraph (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the 
aggregate of a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000, plus integral multiples of EUR 1,000, provided that 
such denominations are not less than EUR 100,000 nor more than EUR 199,000 and that Senior Non Preferred 
Notes issued under the Programme will have denominations of at least EUR 150,000 (or, where the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or 
such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time and that the Subordinated Notes 
issued under the Programme will have a denomination of at least EUR 200,000 (or, where the Subordinated Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other 
minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder 
of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount 
equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Notes. However, a 
Noteholder who holds an aggregate principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive a 
Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral 
multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons, 
Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. Where the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the Issuer 
will give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 12 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” below or “Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes”, as applicable. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Provisions relating to the Notes 
While in Global Form” below.

--- Page 57 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 55 - 
47-41025581 
 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the Notes 
in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon, Talon or 
Receipt will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Note, 
Coupon, Talon or Receipt and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on 
such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income. 
(B) 
Book-entry form 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of the Notes as being “Book-entry form”, then the Notes will not be 
represented by paper certificates and the transfer and exchange of Notes will take place exclusively through an 
electronic book-entry system managed by Monte Titoli S.p.A. or any other Centralised Custodian appointed by 
the Issuers. Accordingly, all Notes shall be deposited by their owners with an intermediary participant in the 
relevant Centralised Custodian. The intermediary will in turn deposit the Notes with the Centralised Custodian. 
To transfer an interest in the Notes, the transferor and the transferee are required to give instructions to their 
respective intermediaries. If the transferee is a client of the transferor’s intermediary, the intermediary will simply 
transfer the Notes from the Transferor’s account to the account of the transferee. If, however, the transferee is a 
client of another intermediary, the transferor’s intermediary will instruct the centralised clearing system to transfer 
the Notes to the account of the transferee’s intermediary, which will then register the Notes on the transferee’s 
account. 
Each intermediary maintains a custody account for each of its clients. This account sets out the financial 
instruments of each client and the records of all transfers, interest payments, charges or other encumbrances on 
such instruments. The account holder or any other eligible party may submit a request to the intermediary for the 
issue of a certified account statement. 
In such circumstances, it will not be possible for a Noteholder to obtain physical delivery of Notes certificates 
representing the Notes.

--- Page 58 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 56 - 
47-41025581 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes applicable to each Series of Notes to be governed 
under English Law (respectively, the “English Law Notes” or the “Notes” and the “Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes” or the “Conditions”) which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed 
into each Note in final form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Notes in 
global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Notes whilst in final form to the 
extent described under “Provisions relating to the Notes While in Global Form” below. 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (“Mediobanca”), Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) 
S.A. (“Mediobanca International”) (each, an “Issuer” and, together, the “Issuers”) have established an Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to Euro 40,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of senior preferred notes which may be issued by each of the Issuers (the “Senior Preferred 
Notes”), senior non preferred notes which may be issued by Mediobanca only (the “Senior Non Preferred Notes” 
and, together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the “Senior Notes”) and subordinated notes which may be issued 
by Mediobanca only (the “Subordinated Notes”), guaranteed by Mediobanca (in its capacity as guarantor, the 
“Guarantor”) in respect of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International only. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an amended and restated Issue and Paying Agency Agreement dated 22 
December 2021, as amended or supplemented from time to time, (the “Issue and Paying Agency Agreement”) 
between the Issuers, the Guarantor, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch, as fiscal agent and 
principal paying agent (the “Fiscal Agent”) and Mediobanca in its capacity as Italian paying agent (the “Italian 
Paying Agent” and together with the Fiscal Agent and any additional or other paying agents in respect of the 
Notes from time to time appointed, the “Paying Agents”) and with the benefit of deeds of covenant dated 22 
December 2021 (each, a “Deed of Covenant” and, together, the “Deeds of Covenant”), each of them executed 
by the relevant Issuer in respect of Notes issued by such Issuer. The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the holders 
of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International from time to time, executed and delivered a deed 
of guarantee (the “Deed of Guarantee”) dated 22 December 2021 under which it has guaranteed, in accordance 
with the terms and subject to limitations of the Deed of Guarantee, the due and punctual payment of the amounts 
due by Mediobanca International under the Notes and the Deed of Covenant as and when the same shall become 
due and payable (the “Guarantee of the Notes”). The holders of the Notes (as defined below), the holders of the 
interest coupons (the “Coupons”) appertaining to interest bearing Notes and, where applicable in the case of such 
Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) and the holders of the instalment receipts (the “Receipts”) 
appertaining to the payment of principal by instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each, a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or 
more tranches (each, a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche of Notes is the subject of final terms (the “Final 
Terms”) which completes these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
these Conditions and the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. All subsequent references in these Conditions 
to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject of the Final Terms. These Conditions apply to Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes, only to the extent that such Senior Non Preferred Notes are issued by 
Mediobanca, and are defined as “strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello” pursuant to and for the 
purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. These Conditions 
apply also to Subordinated Notes which are issued by Mediobanca and are defined as “Tier II Instruments” in Part 
II, Chapter 1 of the Prudential Regulations for Banks and in Article 63 of the CRR. Copies of the Final Terms are 
available during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of 
which is set out below (the “Specified Office”). Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Issue 
and Paying Agency Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will specify whether the Issuer is Mediobanca or 
Mediobanca International. In these Conditions, any reference to a statute or regulation shall be construed as a 
reference to such statute or regulation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-
enacted. 
Copies of the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection at the specified office of the Paying Agent.

--- Page 59 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 57 - 
47-41025581 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are issued in bearer form in the currency (the “Specified Currency”) and the denominations 
(the “Specified Denomination(s)”) shown in the Final Terms, provided that Senior Non Preferred 
Notes will have denomination of at least EUR 150,000 (or, where the Senior Non Preferred Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other 
minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time and that the Subordinated Notes 
will have a denomination of at least EUR 200,000 (or, where the Subordinated Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from time to time. 
Notes are issued with Coupons (and where appropriate, a Talon) attached save in the case of Notes which 
do not bear interest in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the 
date specified in the Final Terms as the Maturity Date (as designed below), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. Any Note the principal amount of which is redeemable in instalments is 
issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Title to the Note and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, 
as the case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other 
purposes, whether or not such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone. No person shall have 
any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 
1999. 
In these Conditions, “holder” (in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon. All capitalised terms which are not defined in these Conditions will 
have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating 
that such term is not applicable to the Notes. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes. 
2. 
STATUS OF NOTES AND GUARANTEE 
(a) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below. 
“Bank of Italy” means the Bank of Italy and/or any other competent authority which at a future 
date carries out the functions which the Bank of Italy performs as at the Issue Date. 
“CET1 Instruments” means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
“Italian Banking Act” means Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of 
the transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law). 
“Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa” means Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as 
described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Italian Banking Act. 
“Loss Absorption Requirement” means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that 
Own Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may 
be) are subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 Instruments 
or other instruments of ownership in accordance with Article 59 of the BRRD and the related 
national implementing provisions applicable to the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case 
may be). 
“Own Funds” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the CRR as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations.

--- Page 60 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 58 - 
47-41025581 
 
(b) 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank at all times at least pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for certain mandatory exceptions of applicable 
law, it being understood moreover that the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Senior 
Preferred Notes will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power or the Luxembourg Bail-In Power, 
as the case may be. 
Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have 
waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(c) 
Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, 
unsecured and non preferred obligations of Mediobanca and will rank at all times pari passu 
without any preference among themselves. 
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment obligations of Mediobanca 
under each Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be, 
will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors and any 
holder of Senior Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of Mediobanca, including 
claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, 
but (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and non preferred 
obligations of Mediobanca which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior 
or senior to such Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes and (C) in priority to any present or 
future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes (including any holder 
of Subordinated Notes) and the claims of shareholders of Mediobanca, in all such cases in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking 
Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority, it being understood moreover that the obligations of Mediobanca under the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power. 
Each holder of a Senior Non Preferred Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have 
waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Non Preferred Note. 
(d) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes and any related Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of Mediobanca and, subject to the provisions of this Condition 2, will at all times 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. In relation to each Series of 
Subordinated Notes, all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be treated equally and all 
amounts paid by Mediobanca in respect of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata 
on all Notes of such Series. 
In the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment obligations of Mediobanca 
under each Series of Subordinated Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be, will rank 
in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors and any holder of 
Senior Notes and their respective Coupons) of Mediobanca as well as subordinated creditors 
which rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated Notes but (B) at least pari passu 
with all other subordinated obligations of Mediobanca which do not rank or are not expressed 
by their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of Subordinated Notes and (C) in priority 
to the claims of subordinated creditors ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated 
Notes (including, but not limited to, “Additional Tier 1 Instruments” (as defined in the 
Prudential Regulations for Banks and in the CRR)) and of the shareholders of Mediobanca, it

--- Page 61 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 59 - 
47-41025581 
 
being understood moreover that the obligations of Mediobanca under the Subordinated Notes 
will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power. 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD 
and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where 
the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to 
the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from 
time to time. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have waived 
any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
(e) 
Status of Guarantee 
The Guarantee of the Senior Preferred Notes constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and conditions and subject to 
the limitations set out in the Deed of Guarantee which will rank at all times at least pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and equally with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save for certain mandatory 
exceptions of applicable law. 
(f) 
No negative pledge 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
3. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below. 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014. 
“Broken Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“BUBOR” means the Budapest interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London,

--- Page 62 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 60 - 
47-41025581 
 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(iii) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant 
Final Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is 
not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and 
is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by 
law or regulation to be closed. 
“Calculation Agent” means Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., the Fiscal 
Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Interest Rate(s) and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Calculation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“CIBOR” means the Copenhagen interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“CMS” means the constant maturity swap rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “1/1” is specified, 1; 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; 
(d) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(e) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360;

--- Page 63 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 61 - 
47-41025581 
 
(f) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 






360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360













360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360








--- Page 64 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 62 - 
47-41025581 
 
(h) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30. 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate and the First Margin. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Instalment Date(s)” means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Date” means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(a) 
with respect to the Senior Notes, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of any Interest Period and determined according to Condition 3(l) 
(Calculations in respect of the Senior Notes); 






360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360








--- Page 65 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 63 - 
47-41025581 
 
(b) 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount specified in the Final Terms as being payable on the 
Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date or the dates specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the same may be 
adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Accrual Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Accrual Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Date. 
“Interest Rate” means the rate of interest (expressed as a percentage per annum) payable from 
time to time in respect of this Note and which is either specified, or calculated in accordance 
with the provisions, in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Rate Switch Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the Final Terms) 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., a copy of which is 
available on the website of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(www.isda.org) and can be obtained from the Issuer. 
“Issue Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Issue Price” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Linear Interpolation” means the straight-line interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the Reference Rate or the ISDA Rate, as the case may be, one of which will be determined as if 
the Specified Duration were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the affected Interest Period and the other of which will be determined as if the 
Specified Duration or the Designated Maturity, as the case may be, were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of such Interest Period. 
“Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the 
Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis

--- Page 66 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 64 - 
47-41025581 
 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent). 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is 
euro or any other rate specified in the Final Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), either: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Multiplier” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“NIBOR” means the Norwegian interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Amount” means 
 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator 

(y)
AY
1
RP



--- Page 67 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 65 - 
47-41025581 
 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation (if presentation is 
required) are open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and 
for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
“PRIBOR” means the Prague interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation 
to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable. 
“Reference Banks” means, the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none, four (or, if the Relevant Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the 
Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
“Reference Price” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, CMS, PRIBOR, ROBOR, 
BUBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR or the yield on securities issued by the Italian Government, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and including where applicable the relevant yield and issue of securities 
issued by the Italian Government. 
“Reference Rate Multiplier” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Regular Period” means:

--- Page 68 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 66 - 
47-41025581 
 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end 
of the irregular Interest Period. 
“Relevant Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Reference 
Rate is most closely connected or, if none is so connected, London. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms for the purpose of providing a Reference Rate, or such 
other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service 
or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or 
organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates 
in respect of deposits in the relevant currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial 
Centre provided that if the Relevant Currency is Euro and the Benchmark is EURIBOR, the 
Relevant Time shall be 11.00 am Brussels time. 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable). 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period. 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
“ROBOR” means the Romanian interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning, if any, given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the period specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 69 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 67 - 
47-41025581 
 
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET or TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET System is open. 
“Yield” means: 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date 
on the basis of the Issue Price, using the formula below. It is not an indication of future yield. 
 
Where: 
“P” is the Issue Price of the Notes; “C” is the annualised Interest Amount; “A” is the principal 
amount of Notes due on redemption; “n” is time to maturity in years; and “r” is the annualised 
yield. 
(b) 
Interest Rate and Accrual 
(A) 
With respect to the Senior Notes, each Senior Note (other than Zero Coupon Notes) 
bears, for each Interest Period, interest on its outstanding principal amount at the 
Interest Rate, such interest being payable as the Interest Amount, in arrear and on each 
Interest Payment Date. Where an Interest Period is a short or long Interest Period, then: 
(i) 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Interest Amount payable for that short or long Interest 
Period shall be, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Broken Amount specified therein; 
(ii) 
if (in case of the Senior Preferred Notes only) the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Interest Amount 
payable for that short or long Interest Period shall be the relevant amount 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Interest Rate applicable for that short or long Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent using Linear 
Interpolation; 





n
r
1
A
n
r
1
1
r
C
P








--- Page 70 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 68 - 
47-41025581 
 
(B) 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes, each Subordinated Note bears interest on its 
outstanding principal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest 
Rate, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note on the last day of the last Interest Period and, in any 
case, on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest will continue to accrue (as well after as 
before judgment) at the Interest Rate in the manner provided in this Condition 3 to the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)). 
(c) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified in these Conditions or in the 
relevant Final Terms to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (i) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day, (ii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day, save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for 
which the final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will 
not accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date, or (iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(d) 
Interest Rate on Fixed Rate Notes 
With respect to the Senior Notes, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Interest Rate for each Interest Period shall be the fixed rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield of the Fixed Rate Note is indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms and is calculated as the internal rate of return (IRR). The yield of the Fixed 
Rate Notes is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and, if indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Fixed Coupon and/or the Broken Amount. 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Denomination. The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which 
a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Interest Rate to the 
Calculation Amount of such Note, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction 
(not adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention) and rounding the resulting 
figure in accordance with Condition 3(k) (Rounding). Where the Specified Denomination of a 
Fixed Rate Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. The yield of the Fixed Rate Note is indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms and is calculated as the internal rate of return (IRR). The yield of the Fixed Rate Notes 
is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and, as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Fixed Coupon and/or the Broken Amount. 
(e) 
Interest Rate on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
If, in case of any Notes other than the Senior Non Preferred Notes, the Reset Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then such 
Reset Note bears interest:

--- Page 71 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 69 - 
47-41025581 
 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate 
of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date 
if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) in the case of the 
Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, and (ii) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the 
provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 3(d) (Interest Rate on Fixed 
Rate Notes). 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
Subject to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark replacement), if on any Reset Determination Date the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the Issuer or a third party (i.e. a financial adviser or an investment bank appointed 
by the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in 
question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding 
Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(e)(ii) “Reference Banks” means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four (or, if the Relevant Financial Centre 
is Helsinki, five) major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely 
connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute. 
For the avoidance of doubts it being understood that the provisions set forth in this Condition 
3(e) shall apply in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
(f) 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes 
If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: if Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined (other than

--- Page 72 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 70 - 
47-41025581 
 
in respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms), subject to Condition 3(r) 
(Benchmark replacement), as follow: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
if, in the case of paragraph (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page 
or, in the case of paragraph (B) above, fewer than two such rates appear on 
that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable: 
(1) 
the Issuer or a third party (i.e. a financial adviser or an investment 
bank appointed by the Issuer) will request the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a 
quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(2) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations; and 
(3) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates 
(being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Relevant Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be 
(a) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being 
applicable, the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may 
be) the arithmetic mean determined in accordance with the above 
provisions (the “Determined Rate”); 
(b) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable (i) the sum of the Margin and the relevant Determined 
Rate multiplied by (ii) the Multiplier; 
(c) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the sum of (i) Margin, and (ii) the 
relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate 
Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a 
rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Interest Rate applicable to the 
Notes during such Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with the

--- Page 73 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 71 - 
47-41025581 
 
foregoing, save that the Determined Rate shall be the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: If, in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes, ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be: 
(a) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, 
the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate; 
(b) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable (i) 
the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by (ii) the 
Multiplier; 
(c) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the sum of (i) Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate 
multiplied by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
This Condition 3(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, if Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SONIA”. 
Where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(g): 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”, with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in:

--- Page 74 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 72 - 
47-41025581 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due 
and payable). 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day “i” 
up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending 
on, but excluding, the date which is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as applicable) 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is 
published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” means the SONIA Reference Rate for:

--- Page 75 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 73 - 
47-41025581 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day “i"; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms; the relevant London Banking Day “i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking 
Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day 
will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking 
Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 3(r) 
(Benchmark Replacement), be: 
(A) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business 
on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which 
the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Subject to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(g), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
This Condition 3(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, if Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SOFR”. 
Where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on each Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(h):

--- Page 76 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 74 - 
47-41025581 
 
“Benchmark” means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily SOFR, as 
determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions 
set out in this Condition 3(h). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining 
Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth 
herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately 
precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be 
multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in 
the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions 
under Condition 3(h) below will apply. 
“Business Day” means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is 
not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a 
date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; 
“Compounded SOFR” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period;

--- Page 77 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 75 - 
47-41025581 
 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and including, 
the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day in such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
“p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable); 
“p” for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift 
Period” (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SOFR” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 3(h) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or any successor source; 
“SOFRi” means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i"; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i"; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in U.S. government securities. 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for 
all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming

--- Page 78 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 76 - 
47-41025581 
 
Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this section, 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other 
party. 
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided 
that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded 
SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate 
to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent

--- Page 79 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 77 - 
47-41025581 
 
with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for 
use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is 
reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark

--- Page 80 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 78 - 
47-41025581 
 
is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 3(h) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 3(h); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 3(h), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the 
first Interest Period). 
(i) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR 
This Condition 3(i) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the “Reference Rate” is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being “€STR”. 
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on each Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(i): 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards):

--- Page 81 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 79 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“D” means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360); 
“do” means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the “€STR reference rate”, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Settlement Day as provided 
by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, 
as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately 
following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined 
in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central 
Bank or the successor administrator of such rate); 
“€STRi” means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
TARGET Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day “i"; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”. 
“i”  
is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 
Settlement Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period;

--- Page 82 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 80 - 
47-41025581 
 
“ni” for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET 
Settlement Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and including) 
the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case 
of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
“p” for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms. 
Subject to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark Replacement), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be 
calculated pursuant to Condition 3(i) above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in 
respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR 
reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such 
TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central 
Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(i), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(j) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be, provided however 
that provisions relating to the Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate shall not apply to the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes and shall not be specified at any time in the relevant Final Terms. 
(k) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (ii) 
all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (iii) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down 
to the nearest Yen. For these purposes “unit” means, with respect to any currency other than 
Euro, the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, with respect to Euro, means one cent. 
(l) 
Calculations in respect of the Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(l) applies to the Senior Notes only.

--- Page 83 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 81 - 
47-41025581 
 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Period shall calculated using one of the 
following methods: 
(i) 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable but subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Interest Amount payable for any 
Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the 
Interest Rate to the Calculation Amount and by multiplying the product so obtained by 
the Day Count Fraction (adjusted or unadjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) above, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Fixed Coupon Amount 
and/or Broken Amount is specified in the Final Terms to be payable on an Interest 
Payment Date, the Interest Amount payable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
Fixed Coupon Amount and/or Broken Amount so specified; or 
(iii) 
if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable with respect to Senior Preferred Notes only, the Interest Amount payable 
for any Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (i) 
(Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates) (adjusted or unadjusted in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(iv) 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Interest Amount payable for any Interest Period shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the Interest Rate to the Calculation 
Amount and by multiplying the product so obtained by the Day Count Fraction 
(adjusted or unadjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms). 
Each Interest Amount (other than the Fixed Coupon Amount and the Broken Amount) shall be 
rounded in accordance with Condition 3(k) (Rounding). 
(m) 
Calculations in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3(m) applies to the Subordinated Notes only. 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Subordinated Note for any period shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the outstanding Calculation 
Amount by the Day Count Fraction, save that where an Interest Amount (or a formula for its 
calculation) is specified in respect of such period, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Subordinated Note for such period will equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in 
accordance with a formula). Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Subordinated Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided 
above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. In respect of any short or long Interest Period as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Interest Rate using Linear Interpolation. 
(n) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption Amounts 
and Instalment Amounts 
After the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date or such other time on such date 
as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation, it will, promptly, determine 
the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amount on the principal amount of the Notes for the 
relevant Interest Period, calculate the Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such 
quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Interest Rate 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, 
if required to be calculated, the Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified

--- Page 84 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 82 - 
47-41025581 
 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the holders of the Notes, any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Notes which is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange 
so requires, such exchange promptly after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
an Interest Rate and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after 
such determination. The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 8 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the 
Interest Rate payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition 3(n) but no publication of the Interest Rate or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest 
Amount, Redemption Amount and Instalment Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(o) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer will use its best endeavours to ensure that there shall at all times be four Reference 
Banks (or such other number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre 
and one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the Conditions applicable 
to the Notes and for so long as any Notes are outstanding. If any Reference Bank (acting through 
its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer 
will appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as 
such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation 
Agent performing its duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Interest Rate for 
any Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amounts or any other requirements, the Issuer 
will appoint the London office of a leading bank engaged in the London interbank market to act 
as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid. 
(p) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable 
and the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) 
the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
The calculation of the above amount shall be made (where such calculation is to be made for a 
period which is not a whole number of years) on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 3(p) or, if none is so 
specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(q) 
Interest Rate Switch 
If so specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, from and including the Interest 
Rate Switch Date, the Interest Rate applicable for the calculation of the Interest Amounts due 
for each remaining Interest Period with respect to the Notes shall be the rate specified as

--- Page 85 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 83 - 
47-41025581 
 
applying from and including such Interest Rate Switch Date in the Final Terms and the initial 
Interest Rate applicable to the Notes shall no longer apply. 
(r) 
Benchmark replacement 
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference 
Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SOFR”, notwithstanding the provisions 
in Conditions 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks) and 3(f) (Interest Rate on 
Floating Rate Notes), if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amount(s)) determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by such Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
an Independent Adviser (as defined below) to determine (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) a Successor Rate (as defined below) or, alternatively, 
if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate no later than 3 Business 
Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) 
relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) (the “IA 
Determination Cut-off Date”) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(r)); 
(2) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate, in accordance with the provisions set 
out under sub-paragraph (3) below; 
(3) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate is determined in 
accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, 
Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) in relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(r)); provided, 
however, that if sub-paragraph (2) applies and the Issuer is unable to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to the Reset Determination Date 
or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset 
Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the Rate of Interest applicable to such next 
succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Reset Period or Interest 
Period as applicable (which may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the 
provisions in this sub-paragraph (3) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as 
applicable) are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 3(r); 
(4) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) may also, following consultation with the 
Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), specify 
changes to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, 
Business Days, Reset Determination Date, Interest Determination Date and/or the 
definition of Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method

--- Page 86 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 84 - 
47-41025581 
 
for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market 
practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate, which 
changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) also in compliance with the Issuer’s written plans provided for under article 
28(2) of the Benchmarks Regulation (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 3(r)). If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer 
(as applicable), determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and determines the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
relevant Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such 
consequential amendments to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and these 
Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 3(r). No 
Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or such other changes, including for the 
execution of any documents or other steps by the relevant Paying Agent (if required)); 
(5) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to 
subparagraph (4) above to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders; and 
(6) 
if the provisions relating to the occurrence of, with respect to the Senior Notes, a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, or, with respect to the Subordinated Notes only, a 
Regulatory Event, in case of a Alternative Benchmark Rate is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the provisions above would cause the occurrence of, 
respectively, a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or a Regulatory Event, therefore no 
Alternative Benchmark Rate will be adopted, and the Reference Rate applicable for the 
relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate available at the 
immediately preceding Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(r): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice to Noteholders as a result 
of the replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Rate (as applicable), where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate 
(as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer), determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate.

--- Page 87 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 85 - 
47-41025581 
 
“Alternative Benchmark Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest in respect of Eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency 
and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), or, 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, 
such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its 
discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable 
to the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or being subject to a material change; 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
the Original Reference Rate), provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date 
which is the later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) the 
date on which the administrator ceases publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely; or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued, provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which 
the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Original Reference Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate has ceased or will, within a specified period of time, cease to 
provide the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of cessation, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Original Reference Rate and further provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on 
the date which is the later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and 
(b) the date on which the administrator ceases to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely; 
(vi) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes, provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on 
the date which is the later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and 
(b) the date on which the Original Reference Rate is prohibited from being used or its 
use is subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally, or in respect of 
the Notes; or 
(vii) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the Benchmark 
Regulations, as amended from time to time, if applicable) for any Paying Agent, 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate.

--- Page 88 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 86 - 
47-41025581 
 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate which has been determined in 
relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of 
this Condition 3(r) (Benchmark Replacement). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap floating leg 
benchmark rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg 
benchmark rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid swap floating 
leg benchmark rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid 
swap floating leg benchmark rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or 
mid-swap floating leg benchmark rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
and 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context requires otherwise: 
The expressions “Early Redemption Amount"; “Final Redemption Amount”, “Instalment 
Amount”, “Optional Redemption Amount (Call)”, and “Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put)” mean, in respect of any Note: (A) such amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms; or (B) if no such amount is specified, the principal 
amount of such Note. 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy, 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the BRRD, the BRRD 
Implementing Regulations, the CRD IV, the Prudential Regulations for Banks of the Bank of 
Italy, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and those regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant Authority or 
of the institutions of the European Union and/or the Republic of Italy (as defined below) whether 
or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they 
are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group and standards and guidelines 
issued by the European Banking Authority; 
“Banking Reform Package” means (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities,

--- Page 89 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 87 - 
47-41025581 
 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, (iii) Directive 
(EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures, and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended and supplemented. 
“CRD IV” means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measure; 
“CRD IV Directive” means the directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC as amended, supplemented or replaced from 
time to time, including any successor regulations (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
“CRD IV Implementing Measure” means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD 
IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited 
to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank 
of Italy, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable 
to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries (on 
a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a standalone or consolidated 
basis); 
“CRR” means the Regulation No. 575/2013, as amended, of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms amending Regulation No. 648/2012, supplemented or replaced from time to time, 
including any successor regulations (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry 
into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to that term in the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement. 
“Italian Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD (in including, but not limited to, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 
and 181/2015) as amended from time to time, (ii) Regulation (EU) No.806/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform 
procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework 
of the Single Supervisory Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or superseded from time to time (the “SRM Regulation”) 
and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any 
obligation of a regulated entity (as defined below) (or other affiliate of such regulated entity) 
can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other 
obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
“Luxembourg Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Luxembourg, (i) relating to the transposition of 
the BRRD (including, but not limited to, the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 relative

--- Page 90 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 88 - 
47-41025581 
 
aux mesures de résolution, d'assainissement et de liquidation des établissements de crédit et de 
certaines enterprises d'investissement ainsi qu'aux systèmes de garantie des dépôts et 
d'indemnisation des investisseurs, as amended from time to time (the “Luxembourg BRRD 
Law”), (ii) relating to the SRM Regulation or (iii) otherwise arising under Luxembourg law and 
(iv) in each case, the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any 
obligation of a regulated entity or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, 
cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such 
regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period) and any right in a 
contract governing an obligation of a regulated entity may be deemed to have been exercised. 
For this purpose, a reference to a “regulated entity” is to any institution or entity (which includes 
certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their group companies) referred to in 
points (1), (2), (3) or (4) of Article 2(1) of the Luxembourg BRRD Law, and with respect to the 
SRM Regulation to any entity referred to in Article 2 of the SRM Regulation; and 
“Maturity Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Period” means the period from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the 
Maturity Date. 
“Prudential Regulations for Banks” means the Bank of Italy’s Disposizioni di Vigilanza per 
le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, including any successor regulations. 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Instalment 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Redemption Amount or such other amount in the nature 
of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that such 
amount is in any case at least equal to the principal amount of the relevant Note. 
“Regulatory Capital Requirements” means any applicable minimum capital or capital 
requirement specified for banks or financial group by the Relevant Authority. 
“Relevant Authority” means the Bank of Italy or such other governmental authority in the 
Republic of Italy (or other country where the Issuer is then domiciliated) or in the European 
Union having primary responsibility for prudential and resolution oversight and supervision of 
the Issuer and/or the Group from time to time and/or, as the context may require, the “resolution 
authority” or the “competent authority” as defined under BRRD and/or SRM Regulation. 
(b) 
Maturities/Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below in 
accordance with Conditions 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons), 4(d) (Purchases), 
4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)), Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the option of holders of Notes) or 
Condition 4(i) (Redemption by instalments), each Note will be redeemed at its Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
(ii) 
Senior Non Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of twelve months, 
as provided under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority. 
(iii) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of five years, as provided 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(c) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification 
of the Notes), if Redemption for taxation reasons is specified in the Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on

--- Page 91 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 89 - 
47-41025581 
 
any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, on giving 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the holders of Notes (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption), if (i) the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) (A) has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 (Taxation) or (B) 
has or will become subject to additional amount of national income taxes (and/or, in the case of 
Mediobanca, regional tax on productive activities – IRAP) due to partial or entire limitation to 
the deductibility of any payments under the Notes, in either case as a result of (1) any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Luxembourg or any political subdivision thereof 
or any agency or authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of payments made 
by or on behalf of Mediobanca International) or the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision 
thereof or any agency or authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of 
payments made by or on behalf of Mediobanca), or (2) any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, or (3) any judicial decision, official administrative 
pronouncement, published ruling, regulatory procedure, notice or announcement (including any 
notice or announcement of intent to adopt such procedures or regulations) (for purposes of this 
definition, an “Administrative Action”), or (4) any clarification of, or change in the official 
position or the interpretation of such Administrative Action or any interpretation or 
pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such Administrative Action that 
differs from the generally accepted position, in each case by any legislative body, court, 
governmental, administrative or regulatory authority or body, irrespective of the manner in 
which such clarification or change is made known, which change, amendment, Administrative 
Action or clarification becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and (ii) such 
obligations/limitations under (A) and (B) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it which (x) do not 
require the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) to incur material out-of-pocket expenses 
and (y) would not otherwise be disadvantageous to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as determined 
in their discretion; provided that in the case under (A) above no such notice of redemption 
shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, 
as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) then be due. Prior to the publication of any 
notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) stating that 
such Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of such Issuer 
(or the Guarantor, as the case may be) so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that there is more than an 
unsubstantial risk that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) (A) has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts or (B) has or will become subject to additional amount 
of taxes, as indicated above, due to limitation of the deductibility of payments under the Notes 
as a result of such change, amendment, Administrative Action or clarification (the “Tax Event”). 
(d) 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification 
of the Notes), the Issuer, the Guarantor and any of the Guarantor’s subsidiaries may purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price provided that all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered therewith. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer will be 
entitled to exercise the option to repurchase from the holder(s), at its sole discretion, (1) all (but 
not part of) the Notes of the relevant Series (the “Total Repurchase Option”) or (2) on one or 
more occasions, any portion of the Notes of the relevant Series, provided that in such 
circumstances the amount of the Notes of the relevant Series to be purchased from each holder 
shall be the same proportion that the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant 
Series that are subject to the relevant Partial Purchase Option bears to the aggregate principal 
amount of all the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding prior to the exercise of the 
relevant Partial Purchase Option (the “Partial Repurchase Option”). The Total Repurchase 
Option and the Partial Repurchase Option can only be exercised by the Issuer at the date(s) and 
the price(s) specified in the Final Terms as the Total Repurchase Option date or the Partial 
Repurchase Option date(s) and the Total Repurchase Option amount or Partial Repurchase

--- Page 92 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 90 - 
47-41025581 
 
Option amount(s), respectively. Upon exercise of the Total Repurchase Option or the Partial 
Repurchase Option, the holder(s) shall be obliged to sell to the Issuer (or any other entity 
indicated by the Issuer) all the Notes of the Series in relation to which the Total Repurchase 
Option or the Partial Repurchase Option (as the case may be) is exercised. 
(e) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes, Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes for taxation 
reasons, Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes at the Option of the holder, Redemption of 
Zero Coupon Notes at the option of holders of Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 4(e) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification 
of the Notes), if the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
then the following provisions will apply: 
(1) 
If European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the 
Issuer may, on giving irrevocable prior notice to the holders of Notes, – which notice 
must be received by the holders of Notes no later than the last day of the notice period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms – redeem all or, if “Partial Redemption” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Notes. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall occur on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), together with accrued interest (if any) up to such date, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(2) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the 
Issuer may, at any time during any exercise period specified in the Final Terms (the 
“Exercise Period”), elects to redeem all or, if “Partial Redemption” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Notes, by sending a notice to the 
holders of Notes which notice must be received by such holders no later than the end of 
the relevant Exercise Period. Any such redemption of Notes shall occur on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date at their Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together with 
accrued interest (if any) up to such date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
In the case of a Partial Redemption, the notice to holders of Notes shall also contain the serial 
numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Fiscal 
Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
(g) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification 
of the Notes), if Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at any time (if the Note is not a

--- Page 93 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 91 - 
47-41025581 
 
Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), to the holders of the Notes: (i) 
upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event with respect to the relevant 
Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non Preferred Notes (as the case may be), and 
(ii) to the holders of the Subordinated Notes, if the Subordinated Notes cease to qualify (in 
whole or in part) as “Tier II Capital”, on a consolidated or non consolidated basis, as a result of 
changes after the date of issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes in the standards and guidelines 
of the Bank of Italy or in the applicable legal or regulatory provisions (including legal or 
regulatory provisions adopted by the European Union) (the “Regulatory Event”). 
“BRRD” means the directive 2014/59/EU, as amended, providing for the establishment of an 
EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package). 
“BRRD Implementing Decrees” means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of 16 
November 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from 
time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking 
Reform Package into Italian law). 
“MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer, that as a result 
of a change in Italian and/or EU laws or regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non Preferred Notes, which change 
was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the Series, it is likely that 
all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes 
and/or of Senior Non Preferred Notes will be excluded from the eligible liabilities available to 
meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements (however called or defined by then applicable regulations) 
if the Issuer is then subject to such requirements, provided that a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event shall not occur where such Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of 
Senior Non Preferred Notes is excluded on the basis (1) that the remaining maturity of such 
Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non Preferred Notes is less than any period prescribed by 
any applicable eligibility criteria under the MREL/TLAC Requirements, or (2) of any applicable 
limits on the amount of eligible liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements, or (3) such exclusion (in whole or in part) is the result of such Notes being 
purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is funded directly or 
indirectly by the Issuer. 
“MREL/TLAC Requirements” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
Group referred to in the BRRD, any other EU law or regulation and relevant implementing 
legislation and regulation in Italy. 
“Tier II Capital” has the meaning given to it from time to time in the Applicable Banking 
Regulation. 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of holders of Notes 
This Condition 4(h) applies only to the Senior Notes. 
If the Put Option is specified as being applicable to the Senior Notes in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the following provisions will apply: 
(1) 
If European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the holders of the Senior Notes, redeem all or, if “Partial 
Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Senior 
Notes on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at its Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with accrued interest (if any) up to such date, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. To exercise such option, the holders must deposit such 
Senior Notes with any Paying Agent at its specified office, together with a duly

--- Page 94 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 92 - 
47-41025581 
 
completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form of obtainable 
from any Paying Agent; the Exercise Notice must be deposited with such Paying Agent 
no later than the last day of the notice period specified in the relevant Final Terms. No 
Senior Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided 
in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(2) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the holders of any the Senior Notes, redeem all or, if “Partial 
Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Senior 
Notes on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at its Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with accrued interest (if any) up to such date, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. To exercise such option which may be exercised at any 
time during any exercise period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Exercise 
Period”), the holder must deposit such Senior Notes with any Paying Agent at its 
specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise 
Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent; the Exercise Notice must be 
deposited with such Paying Agent no later than the end of the relevant Exercise Period. 
No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in 
the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
In the case of a Partial Redemption, the notice to holders of Senior Notes shall also contain the 
serial numbers of the Senior Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place 
as the Fiscal Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
(i) 
Redemption by instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled in accordance with Condition 4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the option of holders 
of Notes), each Note which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be 
partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified on it, whereupon 
the outstanding principal amount of such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount for 
all purposes. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor’s 
subsidiaries (where applicable) may be surrendered for cancellation, by surrendering each such 
Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the 
Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, will, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor (where 
applicable) in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Specific Buy Back Provisions 
This Condition 4(k) applies only to the Senior Preferred Notes. 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon 
the holder of any Senior Preferred Note giving to the Issuer not less than 5 Business Days’ 
notice in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) to 
repurchase the Senior Preferred Note before its scheduled maturity, the Issuer may, at its sole 
option, upon the expiry of such notice, repurchase in whole or in part such Senior Preferred 
Note paying an amount that can be less than par and that is linked to the Market Value of the 
Underlying Transactions at that moment (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
following paragraphs of this Condition 4(k)), together, if appropriate, with any accrued but 
unpaid interest. As specified above, the Issuer has the right, in its sole option, to reject the 
repurchase request and, in particular, if the Issuer never replies to the notice, the Issuer is 
deemed to have rejected the repurchase request.

--- Page 95 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 93 - 
47-41025581 
 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, prior 
to the Maturity Date the value of the Senior Preferred Notes shall reflect and shall be calculated 
on the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions. The Calculation Agent may, 
from time to time, calculate the price of the Senior Preferred Notes on the basis of the Market 
Value of the Underlying Transactions and, without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligation to pay 
the Interest Amounts and the Redemption Amounts on the Senior Preferred Notes, in the event 
that a holder requests the Issuer to repurchase the Senior Preferred Notes held by it prior to their 
maturity, and the Issuer accepts such repurchase, the price of the Senior Preferred Notes (the 
“Buy Back Price”) will be a price that perfectly reflects the Market Value of such Underlying 
Transactions. The Specific Buy Back Provisions may apply only to Senior Preferred Notes 
issued by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International and where Mediobanca and/or 
Mediobanca International are specified as Dealers and where the principal amount in respect of 
such Senior Preferred Note is equal to, at least, EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent amount in the 
Specified Currency). 
In addition, if Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall pay an additional remuneration (the “Extra-Yield”) on the Senior 
Preferred Notes. More information on the composition of the remuneration (unbundling) shall 
be published by each of the Issuer from time to time together with the composition of the 
Underlying Transactions as described below. 
For the purpose of this Condition 4(k): 
“Buy-Back Price” means the repurchase price of the Senior Preferred Notes to be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions. 
“Market Value” means the close-out amount of the Underlying Transactions, including the 
relevant bid/ask prices for all the Senior Preferred Notes and for any possible funding 
arrangement and/or coupon swap, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a fair and 
commercially reasonable manner. 
“Underlying Transactions” means any possible funding arrangement and/or coupon swap 
and/or any of the following funded or unfunded arbitrage-like financial transactions: 
(i) 
Cash-CDS Arbitrage; 
(ii) 
Index-Components Arbitrage; and/or 
(iii) 
General Funded Arbitrage, 
where: 
“Cash-CDS Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Cash Instrument + Short (Long): Replicating CDS 
where: 
“Cash Instrument” means any debt obligation (including any obligation issued by the Issuer) 
or basket of debt obligations, under security or loan format, with maturities and notionals that 
can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and aggregate principal 
amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes; 
“Replicating CDS” means a credit default swap transaction having similar maturity and 
principal amount as the Cash Instrument, and having as a reference entity the Cash Instruments 
issuer or the Cash Instrument guarantor (including the Issuer or the Guarantor or the Issuer’s 
parent or the Issuer’s affiliate), or, in the case of Cash Instrument that are asset-backed 
obligations or credit linked obligations, any credit entity or any credit risk embedded in such 
Cash Instrument.

--- Page 96 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 94 - 
47-41025581 
 
“Index-Components Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Credit Index + Short (Long): CDS Components 
where: 
“Credit Index” means any of the Markit credit default swaps indices, with maturities and 
notionals that can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, and any successor and/or replacement 
index thereof, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Markit iTraxx® and Markit CDX™ 
indices, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Credit Index 
may also be a portfolio of credit default swap tranches summing up to a full capital structure, 
i.e. summing up to any such Markit credit default swap index. 
“CDS Components” means a basket of single-name credit default swap transactions having 
similar notional, maturity, coupons and reference entity as the components of the Credit Index. 
CDS Components may also be a portfolio of credit default swap tranches having similar 
maturity, aggregate notional, aggregate coupons and aggregate reference entities as the 
components of the Credit Index. 
“General Funded Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Asset Instruments + Short (Long): Replicating Derivatives 
where: 
“Asset Instruments” means any asset title instrument (including funds or obligations, also 
asset-backed) linked to credit, rates, equities, commodities or currencies, with maturities and 
notionals that can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes. 
“Replicating Derivatives” means any hedging derivative contract with similar maturity and 
notional as the Asset Instruments, and having as underlying the Asset Instrument itself. or any 
of its underlying financial instruments. For example: commodity certificate + future (“cash and 
carry arbitrage”), or convertible bond + CDS + equity option (“convertible arbitrage”). 
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion and the relevant composition is subject to change during the life of the Preferred Notes. The 
composition of the Underlying Transactions (including any possible funding arrangement and/or coupon 
swap) shall be published from time to time by Mediobanca or Mediobanca International on their website 
www.mediobanca.com or on the website of the Euronext Dublin or on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange or on any other means of publication, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(l) 
Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes 
Any redemption of the Senior Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for taxation 
reason), Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 4(g) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), any purchase of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 4(d) (Purchases), or any modification of the Notes in accordance with Conditions 
9(a) (Meetings of holders of Notes) and 9(c) (Errors or inconsistencies), is subject to, to the 
extent such Senior Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements or, in case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 4(g) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), qualified as liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements before the occurrence of the MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, 
to compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including the condition that the 
Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 
78a of the CRR, where one of the following conditions is met:

--- Page 97 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 95 - 
47-41025581 
 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Senior Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments 
of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its own 
funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in 
the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial 
or full replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary 
to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations for continuing authorization. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior 
Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that 
any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in 
subparagraphs (i) and (ii) of the preceding paragraph. 
Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for 
taxation reason), Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 4(g) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), any purchase of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 4(d) (Purchases), or any modification of the Notes in accordance 
with Conditions 9(a) (Meetings of holders of Notes) and 9(c) (Errors or inconsistencies), is 
subject to compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including: 
(i) 
the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with Article 77 and 78 of the CRR as amended or replaced from time to time, where 
either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), 
the Issuer replaces the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
its own funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(A) 
in case of redemption for tax reasons in accordance with Condition 4(c) 
(Redemption for taxation reason), the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in tax treatment is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date, or 
(B) 
in the case of redemption upon the occurrence of a Regulatory Event in 
accordance with Condition 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)), the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Authority that the relevant change in the regulatory classification of 
the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date and the Relevant 
Authority considers such change to be reasonably certain; or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at

--- Page 98 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 96 - 
47-41025581 
 
terms that are sustainable for its income capacity and the Relevant Authority 
has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower 
of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant 
Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant 
Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 
instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such 
redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and (B) 
of sub-paragraph (i) of the preceding paragraph. 
To redeem any Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not constitute an Event of 
Default of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of 
any redemption or purchase, Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority (with respect to the Senior Non Preferred Notes only), and/or the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements (with respect to the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes), or the Applicable Banking Regulations (with respect to the Subordinated 
Notes only) permit the redemption or purchase only after compliance with one or more 
alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above in this Condition 4(l), the Issuer 
shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s). 
5. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
(a) 
Payments outside the United States 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes will, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipts 
are presented for payment together with their relative Notes), Notes (in the case of all other 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest as specified in Condition 5(e)(vi)) or Coupons 
(in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 5(e)(ii)), as the case may be, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the 
currency in which such payment is due drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to 
an account denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that 
currency; provided that in the case of Euro, the transfer may be to a Euro account. 
(b) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in US Dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be 
able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) 
such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payments subject to law, etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation) and (ii) any

--- Page 99 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 97 - 
47-41025581 
 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the holders of Notes or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer 
and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and 
the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) 
and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. The 
Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the 
Registrar and to appoint additional or other agents provided that the Issuer will at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one, (iii) 
Paying Agents having a specified office in at least two major European cities (including Ireland 
so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin), and (iv) such other 
agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be 
listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect of any 
Notes denominated in US Dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 5(b) (Payments 
in the United States) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due 
date for redemption of those Notes, Notes should be surrendered for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) will be 
deducted from the Redemption Amount due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon 
within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 7 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If the relevant Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Notes (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note which is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due 
date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Note which provides that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption 
shall be made only against the provisions of such indemnity as the Issuer may require.

--- Page 100 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 98 - 
47-41025581 
 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note. Interest accrued on a Note which 
only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 7 (Prescription)). 
(g) 
Non-Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such 
place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall 
not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
In this Condition 5(g): 
“Additional Financial Centre” means the city or the cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
with respect to the Senior Notes: 
(A) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in 
each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(B) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
(ii) 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes: 
(A) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(1) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open 
for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for 
dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(2) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre 
specified in the Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(1) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open 
for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for 
dealings in foreign currencies; and

--- Page 101 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 99 - 
47-41025581 
 
(2) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre specified in the Final Terms. 
6. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Gross Up 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons by 
the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee will be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on the account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or any political subdivision thereof or any agency or authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax (in the case of payments made by or on behalf of 
Mediobanca International) or the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any 
agency or authority therein or thereof having power to tax (in the case of payments made by or 
on behalf of Mediobanca), unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental changes is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts in respect of, with regard to the Senior 
Notes not qualifying at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements only, principal and interest (if permitted by MREL/TLAC Requirements), and, 
with regard to the Subordinated Notes only, interest only (and not in respect of principal) as 
may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts 
or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal 
and interest which would have been received in respect of the Notes, Receipts or (as the case 
may be) Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon 
or (as the case may be) under the Deed of Guarantee: 
(i) 
for or on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Decree No. 239, Legislative Decree 
No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (“Decree No. 461”) or related implementing regulations; 
or (D) in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures of Decree No. 
239 and related implementing rules have not been properly and promptly met or 
complied with (except where due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or their agents); or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Notes, Receipt or Coupons presented for payment: 
(A) 
by, or on behalf of, a holder who is subject to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by 
reason of its having some connection (otherwise than merely by holding the 
Note, Receipt or Coupon) with (in the case of payments of principal and 
interest under the Senior Notes made by or on behalf of Mediobanca 
International) the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (including taxes imposed by 
the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005) or (in the case of payments of 
principal and interest made by or on behalf of Mediobanca and in respect of 
payments by Mediobanca under the Deed of Guarantee) the Republic of Italy; 
or 
(B) 
in the Republic of Italy (in respect of Notes Receipt or Coupon issued by 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.) or the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (in respect of Notes Receipt or Coupon issued by Mediobanca 
International (Luxembourg) S.A.); or 
(C) 
by, or on behalf of, a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by making a declaration 
or any other statement, including, but not limited to, a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant taxing authority

--- Page 102 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 100 - 
47-41025581 
 
or intermediary/paying agent, but has failed to do so properly and promptly; 
or 
(D) 
(in the case of payments of principal and interest made by or on behalf of 
Mediobanca and in respect of payments by Mediobanca under the Deed of 
Guarantee) to a holder who is a non-Italian resident or individual or legal 
entity which is resident in any country not allowing for an adequate exchange 
of information with the Italian tax authorities that is not included in the list 
set by Italian Ministerial Decree 4 September 1996, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented from time to time; or 
(E) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder 
thereof would have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(F) 
with respect to any Notes qualifying as “atypical” securities (titoli “atipici”) 
for Italian tax purposes subject to the regime provided for by Decree No. 512, 
for and on account of any withholding or deduction required by law pursuant 
to such decree, 
without prejudice to the option of the Issuer to redeem the Notes pursuant to, and subject to the 
conditions of, Condition 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons). 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer or (if applicable) the 
Guarantor shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (“FATCA 
Withholding”) as a result of a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent 
of the Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA Withholding. The Issuer or 
(if applicable) the Guarantor will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify an investor for any such FATCA Withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, 
the paying agent or any other party. 
(b) 
Taxing Jurisdiction 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Republic of Italy respectively, 
references in these Conditions to Luxembourg or Italy shall be construed as references to the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or (as the case may be) the Republic of Italy and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means 
the date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the holders of Notes 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt 
or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions 
to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all 
Instalment Amounts, Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 4 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or 
any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 3 (Interest and Other 
Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” 
shall be deemed to include any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 
6.

--- Page 103 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 101 - 
47-41025581 
 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) for payment in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons (which, for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become 
void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, the holder of a Note of any Series may give 
written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, 
whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together with accrued interest to the date of 
payment shall become immediately due and payable: 
Winding-up: the Issuer is wound up or dissolved, except for the purposes of, and pursuant to, or in 
connection with, a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, consolidation, 
deconsolidation or disposal of assets. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, “Events of Default” means any of the events listed in this 
Condition 8. 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as specifically provided by this Condition 8 shall be available to 
holders of the Notes or Coupons for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or Coupons. 
9. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF NOTES AND MODIFICATIONS 
(a) 
Meetings of holders of Notes 
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of holders 
of Notes to consider any matter affecting their interest, including modification by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Notes (including these Conditions insofar as the same may apply to such 
Notes). An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all 
the holders of Notes, whether present or not and on all relevant holders of Coupons, except that 
any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or 
redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest thereon, (ii) 
to reduce or cancel the principal amount or an Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable 
on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or 
to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for 
calculating the Interest Amount in respect thereof, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Interest 
Rate, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown in the Final Terms, to reduce any 
such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to change any method of calculating the Redemption 
Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, (vii) 
to modify the provisions contained concerning the quorum required at any meeting of holders 
of Notes or any adjournment thereof or concerning the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution, (viii) to modify the provisions which would have the effect of giving 
any authority, direction or sanction which under the Notes is required to be given pursuant to a 
meeting of holders of Notes to which the special quorum provisions apply, (ix) to take any steps 
which as specified in the Final Terms may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary 
Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply or (x) to amend the foregoing 
exceptions in any manner, will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the holders of Notes 
(or at any adjournment thereof) at which a special quorum (provided for in the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement) is present. 
(b) 
Modification of Issue and Paying Agency Agreement 
The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the 
interests of the holders of Notes.

--- Page 104 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 102 - 
47-41025581 
 
(c) 
Errors or inconsistencies 
The Issuer and, with respect to the Senior Preferred Notes only, the Guarantor may, without the 
prior consent of the holders of the Notes correct (i) any manifest and/or material error in the 
Conditions and/or in the Final Terms, (ii) any error of a formal, minor or technical nature in the 
Conditions and/or in the Final Terms or (iii) any inconsistency in the Conditions and/or in the 
Final Terms between the Conditions and/or the Final Terms and any other documents prepared 
in connection with the issue and/or offer of a Series of Notes (provided such correction is not 
materially prejudicial to the holders of the relevant Series of Notes). In addition, pursuant to 
Condition 3(r) (Benchmark replacement), certain changes may be made to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such 
Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. Any such correction shall 
be binding on the holders of the relevant Notes and the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) 
shall cause such correction to be notified to the holders of the Notes as soon as practicable 
thereafter pursuant to Condition 12 (Notices). 
(d) 
Modification following a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
With respect to the Senior Notes only, if Modification following a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, where a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing and/or in order to ensure 
the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of the Italian / 
Luxembourg Bail-In Power), then the Issuer may, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, modify the terms of the Senior Notes to the extent that such 
modification is necessary to ensure that no such MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event would 
exist after such modification or the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 
(Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), provided that, following such 
modification: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 
(Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), the terms and 
conditions of the Senior Notes, as so modified (the “modified Senior Notes”), are no 
more prejudicial to Noteholders than the terms and conditions applicable to the Senior 
Notes prior to such modification (the “existing Senior Notes”); and 
(ii) 
the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes continues to be 
the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the modified Senior Notes rank at least equal to the existing Senior Notes and feature 
the same tenor, principal amount, interest rates (including applicable margins), interest 
payment dates and redemption rights as the existing Senior Notes; and 
(iv) 
the modified Senior Notes continue to be listed on a regulated market (for the purposes 
of the MiFID II (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended)) of an internationally recognised 
stock exchange as selected by the Issuer (provided that the existing Senior Notes were 
so listed prior to the occurrence of such MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event), 
and provided further that: 
(a) 
Mediobanca obtains approval of the proposed modification from the Relevant 
Authority (if such approval is required) or gives prior written notice (if such notice is 
required to be given) to the Relevant Authority and, following the expiry of all relevant 
statutory time limits, the Relevant Authority is no longer entitled to object or impose 
changes to the proposed modification; 
(b) 
the modified Senior Notes are assigned the same or higher published and solicited 
rating of the existing Senior Notes in effect at such time (to the extent the existing 
Senior Notes were rated prior to the occurrence of such MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event);

--- Page 105 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 103 - 
47-41025581 
 
(c) 
the modification does not give rise to any right on the part of the Issuer to exercise any 
option to redeem the Senior Notes prior to their stated maturity, without prejudice to 
the provisions under Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer); and 
(d) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, substantially in the form 
shown in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, signed by two of the Issuer’s 
executive officers stating that paragraphs (i) to (iv) and (a) to (c) above have been 
complied with, such certificate to be made available for inspection by Noteholders. 
In connection with any modification as indicated in this Condition 9(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes are then listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Modification following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes only, if modification following a Regulatory Event or a 
Tax Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, where a Regulatory Event 
or a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), 
then the Issuer may, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
modify the terms of the Notes to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to 
ensure that no such Regulatory Event or Tax Event would exist after such modification or the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg 
Bail-In Power), provided that, following such modification: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 
(Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), the terms and 
conditions of the Subordinated Notes, as so modified (the “modified Notes”), are no 
more prejudicial to Noteholders than the terms and conditions applicable to the 
Subordinated Notes prior to such modification (the “existing Notes”); and 
(ii) 
the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes continues 
to be the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the modified Subordinated Notes rank at least equal to the existing Subordinated Notes 
and feature the same tenor, principal amount, interest rates (including applicable 
margins), interest payment dates and redemption rights as the existing Subordinated 
Notes; and 
(iv) 
the modified Subordinated Notes continue to be listed on a regulated market (for the 
purposes of the MiFID II (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended)) of an internationally 
recognised stock exchange as selected by the Issuer (provided that the existing Notes 
were so listed prior to the occurrence of such Regulatory Event or Tax Event, as 
applicable), 
and provided further that: 
(a) 
Mediobanca obtains approval of the proposed modification from the Relevant 
Authority (if such approval is required) or gives prior written notice (if such notice is 
required to be given) to the Relevant Authority and, following the expiry of all relevant 
statutory time limits, the Relevant Authority is no longer entitled to object or impose 
changes to the proposed modification; 
(b) 
the modified Notes are assigned the same or higher published and solicited rating of 
the existing Subordinated Notes in effect at such time (to the extent the existing 
Subordinated Notes were rated prior to the occurrence of such Regulatory Event or 
Tax Event, as applicable); 
(c) 
the modification does not give rise to any right on the part of the Issuer to exercise any 
option to redeem the Subordinated Notes prior to their stated maturity, without

--- Page 106 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 104 - 
47-41025581 
 
prejudice to the provisions under Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer); 
(d) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, substantially in the form 
shown in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, signed by two of the Issuer’s 
executive officers stating that paragraphs (i) to (iv) and (a) to (c) above have been 
complied with, such certificate to be made available for inspection by Noteholders; 
and 
(e) 
in the case of any proposed modifications owing to a Tax Event, the Issuer has 
delivered to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Tax Event can be avoided by the proposed modifications. 
In connection with any modification as indicated in this Condition 9(e), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are then 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(f) 
Modification to Notes distributed to a Single Noteholder 
In partial derogation to the provisions of Condition 9(a),(b),(c),(d) and (e) above, in case the 
Notes have been distributed to a single holder (the “Single Holder”), the approval for the 
amendments under Condition 9(a),(b),(c),(d) and (e) above shall be given by the Single Holder 
by way of binding approval letter with prior delivery of the relevant proof of ownership of the 
relevant Note. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or 
such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice 
of whose designation is given to holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, 
for exchange for further Coupons, there will be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
11. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the first payment of interest) and so that the same shall 
be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” 
shall be construed accordingly. 
The Issuer may also from time to time upon not less than 30 days’ prior notice to Noteholders, without 
the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons of any Series, consolidate the Notes with Notes of one or 
more other Series (the “Other Notes”) issued by it, provided the Notes and the Other Notes have been 
redenominated into Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro), and otherwise have, in respect of all 
periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the first payment of interest). Notice of 
any such consolidation will be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). The 
Fiscal Agent shall act as the consolidation agent. 
With effect from their consolidation, the Notes and the Other Notes will (if listed prior to such 
consolidation) be listed on at least one European stock exchange on which either the Notes or the Other 
Notes were listed immediately prior to such consolidation.

--- Page 107 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 105 - 
47-41025581 
 
The Issuer shall in dealing with holders of such Notes following a consolidation pursuant to this 
Condition 11 have regard to the interest of the holders and the holders of the Other Notes, taken together 
as a class, and shall treat them alike. 
12. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the holders of Notes will be valid if (i) until such time as any Definitive Notes are issued, the 
notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System(s), for communication by them to the holders of Notes; 
and (ii) if and so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin’s regulated market 
and listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin, the notice is published in accordance with the rules 
and regulations of the Euronext Dublin (which shall include publication in a leading newspaper having 
general circulation in Ireland or on the website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) or on 
the website of the relevant Issuer (www.mediobanca.it or www.mediobancaint.lu) and the Guarantor 
(www.mediobanca.it). If any such publication is not practicable, notice will be validly given if published 
in another leading daily English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to the 
holders of Notes in accordance with this Condition 12. 
13. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
(a) 
The Issuer and, in case of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, the 
Guarantor may at any time, without the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons, substitute 
Mediobanca in place of Mediobanca International or Mediobanca International in place of 
Mediobanca (each a “Substitute”) upon notice by the Issuer, the Guarantor (in case of Senior 
Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International) and the Substitute to be given in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), provided that; 
(i) 
no payment in respect of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or the Deed of 
Guarantee (as the case may be) is at the relevant time overdue; 
(ii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of a deed poll in the form scheduled to the Programme 
Manual as Schedule 12 (the “Deed Poll”), agree to indemnify each holder of Notes 
and Coupons against any incremental tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge 
which is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country 
of the Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with 
respect to any Note, Receipt, Coupon, Talon or the relevant Deed of Covenant and 
which would not have been so imposed or otherwise suffered by any holder of Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the 
substitution; 
(iii) 
in respect of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, where the 
Substitute is not the Guarantor, the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, 
the Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant shall be unconditionally 
guaranteed by the Guarantor by means of the Deed Poll, in accordance with the terms 
thereof; 
(iv) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, where applicable, of the Guarantor have 
been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, 
with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to 
it;

--- Page 108 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 106 - 
47-41025581 
 
(vi) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent and Dealers from lawyers 
of recognised standing in each jurisdiction referred to in paragraph (ii) above, in Italy 
and in England as to the fulfilment of the requirements of this Condition 13 and the 
other matters specified in the Deed Poll and that the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute; 
(vii) 
each stock exchange on which the Notes are listed shall have confirmed that, following 
the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue to be listed on such 
stock exchange; 
(viii) 
if applicable, the Substitute has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to 
receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Deed Poll and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substitute shall 
succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power, of the Issuer under 
the Notes and the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement with the same effect as if the Substitute 
had been named as the Issuer herein, and the Issuer shall be released from its obligations under 
the Notes and under the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 13(a), the Substitute may, without the consent of any 
holder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in Conditions 13(a) and 13(b) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the 
context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further Substitute. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 13(a) or 13(c) any Substitute may, without the consent 
of any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be delivered to, and kept by, 
the Fiscal Agent. Copies of such documents will be available free of charge at the specified 
office of the Paying Agent. 
14. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
15. 
LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the relevant Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with English 
law, also in accordance with the provisions of the Rome II Regulation, except: (I) in case of 
Notes issued by Mediobanca, Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) 
(Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes), 2(d) (Status of the Subordinated Notes), 4(b) 
(Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 8 
(Events of Default) and 16 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of 
these Conditions, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law; and 
(II) in case of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, Conditions 2(b) 
(Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) and Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / 
Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of these Conditions, which are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Luxembourgish law. For the avoidance of doubt, articles 470-3 to 470-19 
of the Luxembourg Company Law shall not apply to Senior Preferred Notes issued by 
Mediobanca International. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
“Dispute”), arising from or connected with the Notes, whether arising out of or in connection 
with contractual or non-contractual obligations.

--- Page 109 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 107 - 
47-41025581 
 
(c) 
Service of notices/documents: Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) agree 
that the documents which start any proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) and any 
other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on them 
by being delivered to Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. - London Branch, 4th 
floor, 62 Buckingham Gate SW1E 6AJ, United Kingdom. If such person is not or ceases to be 
effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
(where applicable), the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) shall, on the written demand 
of any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer and to the Guarantor (where applicable) 
or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent appoint a further person in England to accept 
service of process on their behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder 
shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (where applicable) and delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) 
or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this Condition 15(c) shall affect the 
right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition 
15(c) applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
16. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE ITALIAN / LUXEMBOURG BAIL-IN POWER 
(A) 
Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and without 
prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each holder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 16, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, 
accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise 
may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction 
of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation 
thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including 
by means of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation 
of the Notes or the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest 
payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect 
to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an Event of 
Default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant Authority 
in accordance with this Condition 16. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of the Italian Bail-In Power. 
(B) 
Acknowledgment of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power 
The provisions of this Condition 16(B) applies to Senior Preferred Notes only. 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and without 
prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Senior Preferred Notes each holder

--- Page 110 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 108 - 
47-41025581 
 
(which, for the purposes of this Condition 16, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Senior 
Preferred Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the 
reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) 
due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect 
of the Senior Preferred Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such 
shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or 
variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Senior Preferred Notes or the principal 
amount in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest 
due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the amendment 
or alteration of the maturity of the Senior Preferred Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Senior Preferred Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect 
to the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an Event 
of Default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant 
Authority in accordance with this Condition 16.

--- Page 111 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 109 - 
47-41025581 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes applicable to each Series of Notes to be governed 
under Italian Law (respectively, the “Italian Law Notes” or the “Notes” and the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes” or the “Conditions”) which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed into 
each Note in final form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Notes in global 
form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Notes whilst in final form to the extent 
described under “Provisions relating to the Notes While in Global Form” below. 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (“Mediobanca”), Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) 
S.A. (“Mediobanca International”) (each, an “Issuer” and, together, the “Issuers”) have established an Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to Euro 40,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of senior preferred notes which may be issued by each of the Issuers (the “Senior Preferred 
Notes”), senior non preferred notes which may be issued by Mediobanca only (the “Senior Non Preferred Notes” 
and, together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the “Senior Notes”) and subordinated notes which may be issued 
by Mediobanca only (the “Subordinated Notes”), guaranteed by Mediobanca (in its capacity as guarantor, the 
“Guarantor”) in respect of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International only. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an amended and restated Issue and Paying Agency Agreement dated 22 
December 2021, as amended or supplemented from time to time, (the “Issue and Paying Agency Agreement”) 
between the Issuers, the Guarantor, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch, as fiscal agent and 
principal paying agent (the “Fiscal Agent”) and Mediobanca in its capacity as Italian paying agent (the “Italian 
Paying Agent” and together with the Fiscal Agent and any additional or other paying agents in respect of the 
Notes from time to time appointed, the “Paying Agents”). The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the holders of 
Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International from time to time, executed and delivered a deed of 
guarantee (the “Deed of Guarantee”) dated 22 December 2021 under which it has guaranteed, in accordance with 
the terms and subject to limitations of the Deed of Guarantee, the due and punctual payment of the amounts due 
by Mediobanca International under the Notes as and when the same shall become due and payable (the 
“Guarantee of the Notes”). The holders of the Notes (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the 
“Coupons”) appertaining to interest bearing Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for 
further Coupons (the “Talons”) and the holders of the instalment receipts (the “Receipts”) appertaining to the 
payment of principal by instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each, a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or 
more tranches (each, a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche of Notes is the subject of final terms (the “Final 
Terms”) which completes these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
these Conditions and the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. All subsequent references in these Conditions 
to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject of the Final Terms. These Conditions apply to Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes, only to the extent that such Senior Non Preferred Notes are issued by 
Mediobanca, and are defined as “strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello” pursuant to and for the 
purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. These Conditions 
apply also to Subordinated Notes which are issued by Mediobanca and are defined as “Tier II Instruments” in Part 
II, Chapter 1 of the Prudential Regulations for Banks and in Article 63 of the CRR. Copies of the Final Terms are 
available during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of 
which is set out below (the “Specified Office”). Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Issue 
and Paying Agency Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will specify whether the Issuer is Mediobanca or 
Mediobanca International. In these Conditions, any reference to a statute or regulation shall be construed as a 
reference to such statute or regulation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-
enacted. 
Copies of the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection at the specified office of the Paying Agent.

--- Page 112 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 110 - 
47-41025581 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are issued in bearer form in the currency (the “Specified Currency”) and the denominations 
(the “Specified Denomination(s)”) shown in the Final Terms, provided that Senior Non Preferred 
Notes will have denomination of at least EUR 150,000 (or, where the Senior Non Preferred Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other 
minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time and that the Subordinated Notes 
will have a denomination of at least EUR 200,000 (or, where the Subordinated Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from time to time. 
Notes are issued with Coupons (and where appropriate, a Talon) attached save in the case of Notes which 
do not bear interest in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the 
date specified in the Final Terms as the Maturity Date (as designed below), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. Any Note the principal amount of which is redeemable in instalments is 
issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Title to the Note and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, 
as the case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other 
purposes, whether or not such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone. 
In these Conditions, “holder” (in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon. All capitalised terms which are not defined in these Conditions will 
have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating 
that such term is not applicable to the Notes. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes. 
2. 
STATUS OF NOTES AND GUARANTEE 
(a) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below. 
“Bank of Italy” means the Bank of Italy and/or any other competent authority which at a future 
date carries out the functions which the Bank of Italy performs as at the Issue Date. 
“CET1 Instruments” means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
“Italian Banking Act” means Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of 
the transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law). 
“Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa” means Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as 
described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Italian Banking Act. 
“Loss Absorption Requirement” means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that 
Own Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may 
be) are subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 Instruments 
or other instruments of ownership in accordance with Article 59 of the BRRD and the related 
national implementing provisions applicable to the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case 
may be). 
“Own Funds” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the CRR as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(b) 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes:

--- Page 113 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 111 - 
47-41025581 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank at all times at least pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for certain mandatory exceptions of applicable 
law, it being understood moreover that the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Senior 
Preferred Notes will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power or the Luxembourg Bail-In Power, 
as the case may be. 
Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have 
waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(c) 
Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, 
unsecured and non preferred obligations of Mediobanca and will rank at all times pari passu 
without any preference among themselves. 
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment obligations of Mediobanca 
under each Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be, 
will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors and any 
holder of Senior Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of Mediobanca, including 
claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, 
but (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and non preferred 
obligations of Mediobanca which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior 
or senior to such Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes and (C) in priority to any present or 
future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes (including any holder 
of Subordinated Notes) and the claims of shareholders of Mediobanca, in all such cases in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking 
Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority, it being understood moreover that the obligations of Mediobanca under the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power. 
Each holder of a Senior Non Preferred Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have 
waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Non Preferred Note. 
(d) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes and any related Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of Mediobanca and, subject to the provisions of this Condition 2, will at all times 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. In relation to each Series of 
Subordinated Notes, all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be treated equally and all 
amounts paid by Mediobanca in respect of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata 
on all Notes of such Series. 
In the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment obligations of Mediobanca 
under each Series of Subordinated Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be, will rank 
in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors and any holder of 
Senior Notes and their respective Coupons) of Mediobanca as well as subordinated creditors 
which rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated Notes but (B) at least pari passu 
with all other subordinated obligations of Mediobanca which do not rank or are not expressed 
by their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of Subordinated Notes and (C) in priority 
to the claims of subordinated creditors ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated 
Notes (including, but not limited to, “Additional Tier 1 Instruments” (as defined in the 
Prudential Regulations for Banks and in the CRR)) and of the shareholders of Mediobanca, it 
being understood moreover that the obligations of Mediobanca under the Subordinated Notes 
will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power.

--- Page 114 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 112 - 
47-41025581 
 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD 
and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where 
the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to 
the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from 
time to time. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have waived 
any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
(e) 
Status of Guarantee 
The Guarantee of the Senior Preferred Notes constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and conditions and subject to 
the limitations set out in the Deed of Guarantee which will rank at all times at least pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and equally with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save for certain mandatory 
exceptions of applicable law. 
(f) 
No negative pledge 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
3. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below. 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014. 
“Broken Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“BUBOR” means the Budapest interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and

--- Page 115 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 113 - 
47-41025581 
 
(iii) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant 
Final Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is 
not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and 
is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by 
law or regulation to be closed. 
“Calculation Agent” means Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., the Fiscal 
Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Interest Rate(s) and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Calculation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“CIBOR” means the Copenhagen interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“CMS” means the constant maturity swap rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “1/1” is specified, 1; 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; 
(d) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(e) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(f) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 116 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 114 - 
47-41025581 
 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(h) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 






360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360













360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360








--- Page 117 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 115 - 
47-41025581 
 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30. 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate and the First Margin. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Instalment Date(s)” means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Date” means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(a) 
With respect to the Senior Notes, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of any Interest Period and determined according to Condition 3(l) 
(Calculations in respect of the Senior Notes); 
(b) 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes: 






360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360








--- Page 118 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 116 - 
47-41025581 
 
(i) 
In respect of an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount specified in the Final Terms as being payable on the 
Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date or the dates specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the same may be 
adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Accrual Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Accrual Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Date. 
“Interest Rate” means the rate of interest (expressed as a percentage per annum) payable from 
time to time in respect of this Note and which is either specified, or calculated in accordance 
with the provisions, in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Rate Switch Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the Final Terms) 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., a copy of which is 
available on the website of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(www.isda.org) and can be obtained from the Issuer. 
“Issue Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Issue Price” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Linear Interpolation” means the straight-line interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the Reference Rate or the ISDA Rate, as the case may be, one of which will be determined as if 
the Specified Duration were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the affected Interest Period and the other of which will be determined as if the 
Specified Duration or the Designated Maturity, as the case may be, were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of such Interest Period. 
“Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the 
Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent).

--- Page 119 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 117 - 
47-41025581 
 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is 
euro or any other rate specified in the Final Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), either: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Multiplier” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“NIBOR” means the Norwegian interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Amount” means 
 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 

(y)
AY
1
RP



--- Page 120 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 118 - 
47-41025581 
 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation (if presentation is 
required) are open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and 
for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
“PRIBOR” means the Prague interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation 
to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable. 
“Reference Banks” means, the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none, four (or, if the Relevant Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the 
Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
“Reference Price” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, CMS, PRIBOR, ROBOR, 
BUBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR or the yield on securities issued by the Italian Government, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and including where applicable the relevant yield and issue of securities 
issued by the Italian Government. 
“Reference Rate Multiplier” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but

--- Page 121 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 119 - 
47-41025581 
 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end 
of the irregular Interest Period. 
“Relevant Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Reference 
Rate is most closely connected or, if none is so connected, London. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms for the purpose of providing a Reference Rate, or such 
other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service 
or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or 
organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates 
in respect of deposits in the relevant currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial 
Centre provided that if the Relevant Currency is Euro and the Benchmark is EURIBOR, the 
Relevant Time shall be 11.00 am Brussels time. 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable). 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period. 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
“ROBOR” means the Romanian interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning, if any, given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 122 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 120 - 
47-41025581 
 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET or TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET System is open. 
“Yield” means: 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date 
on the basis of the Issue Price, using the formula below. It is not an indication of future yield. 
 
Where: 
“P” is the Issue Price of the Notes; “C” is the annualised Interest Amount; “A” is the principal 
amount of Notes due on redemption; “n” is time to maturity in years; and “r” is the annualised 
yield. 
(b) 
Interest Rate and Accrual 
(A) 
With respect to the Senior Notes, each Senior Note (other than Zero Coupon Notes) 
bears, for each Interest Period, interest on its outstanding principal amount at the 
Interest Rate, such interest being payable as the Interest Amount, in arrear and on each 
Interest Payment Date. Where an Interest Period is a short or long Interest Period, then: 
(i) 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Interest Amount payable for that short or long Interest 
Period shall be, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Broken Amount specified therein; 
(ii) 
if (in case of the Senior Preferred Notes only) the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Interest Amount 
payable for that short or long Interest Period shall be the relevant amount 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Interest Rate applicable for that short or long Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent using Linear 
Interpolation; 
(B) 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes, each Subordinated Note bears interest on its 
outstanding principal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest 
Rate, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 





n
r
1
A
n
r
1
1
r
C
P








--- Page 123 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 121 - 
47-41025581 
 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note on the last day of the last Interest Period and, in any 
case, on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest will continue to accrue (as well after as 
before judgment) at the Interest Rate in the manner provided in this Condition 3 to the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)). 
(c) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified in these Conditions or in the 
relevant Final Terms to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (i) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day, (ii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day, save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for 
which the final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will 
not accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date or (iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(d) 
Interest Rate on Fixed Rate Notes 
With respect to the Senior Notes, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Interest Rate for each Interest Period shall be the fixed rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield of the Fixed Rate Note is indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms and is calculated as the internal rate of return (IRR). The yield of the Fixed 
Rate Notes is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and, if indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Fixed Coupon and/or the Broken Amount. 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Denomination. The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which 
a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Interest Rate to the 
Calculation Amount of such Note, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction 
(not adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention) and rounding the resulting 
figure in accordance with Condition 3(k) (Rounding). Where the Specified Denomination of a 
Fixed Rate Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. The yield of the Fixed Rate Note is indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms and is calculated as the internal rate of return (IRR). The yield of the Fixed Rate Notes 
is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and, as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Fixed Coupon and/or the Broken Amount. 
(e) 
Interest Rate on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
If, in case of any Notes other than the Senior Non Preferred Notes, the Reset Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then such 
Reset Note bears interest: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 124 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 122 - 
47-41025581 
 
Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate 
of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date 
if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) in the case of the 
Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, and (ii) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the 
provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 3(d) (Interest Rate on Fixed 
Rate Notes). 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
Subject to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark replacement), if on any Reset Determination Date the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the Issuer or a third party (i.e. a financial adviser or an investment bank appointed 
by the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in 
question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding 
Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(e)(ii) “Reference Banks” means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four (or, if the Relevant Financial Centre 
is Helsinki, five) major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely 
connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute. 
For the avoidance of doubts it being understood that the provisions set forth in this Condition 
3(e) shall apply in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
(f) 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes 
If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: if Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined (other than 
in respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms), subject to Condition 3(r) 
(Benchmark replacement), as follow:

--- Page 125 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 123 - 
47-41025581 
 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
if, in the case of paragraph (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page 
or, in the case of paragraph (B) above, fewer than two such rates appear on 
that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable: 
(1) 
the Issuer or a third party (i.e. a financial adviser or an investment 
bank appointed by the Issuer) will request the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a 
quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(2) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations; and 
(3) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates 
(being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Relevant Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be 
(a) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being 
applicable, the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may 
be) the arithmetic mean determined in accordance with the above 
provisions (the “Determined Rate”); 
(b) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable (i) the sum of the Margin and the relevant Determined 
Rate multiplied by (ii) the Multiplier; 
(c) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the sum of (i) Margin, and (ii) the 
relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate 
Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a 
rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Interest Rate applicable to the 
Notes during such Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with the 
foregoing, save that the Determined Rate shall be the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.

--- Page 126 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 124 - 
47-41025581 
 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: If, in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes, ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be 
(a) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, 
the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate; 
(b) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable (i) 
the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by (ii) the 
Multiplier; 
(c) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the sum of (i) Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate 
multiplied by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
This Condition 3(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, if Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SONIA”. 
Where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(g): 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”, with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 127 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 125 - 
47-41025581 
 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due 
and payable). 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day “i” 
up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending 
on, but excluding, the date which is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as applicable) 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is 
published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day “i"; or

--- Page 128 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 126 - 
47-41025581 
 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms; the relevant London Banking Day “i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking 
Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day 
will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking 
Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 3(r) 
(Benchmark Replacement), be: 
(A) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business 
on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which 
the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Subject to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(g), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
This Condition 3(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, if Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SOFR”. 
Where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on each Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(h): 
“Benchmark” means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily SOFR, as 
determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions 
set out in this Condition 3(h).

--- Page 129 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 127 - 
47-41025581 
 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining 
Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth 
herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately 
precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be 
multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in 
the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions 
under Condition 3(h) below will apply. 
“Business Day” means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is 
not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a 
date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; 
“Compounded SOFR” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable);

--- Page 130 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 128 - 
47-41025581 
 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and including, 
the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day in such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
“p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable); 
“p” for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift 
Period” (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SOFR” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 3(h) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or any successor source; 
“SOFRi” means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i"; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i"; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in U.S. government securities. 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for 
all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this section, 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or

--- Page 131 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 129 - 
47-41025581 
 
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other 
party. 
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided 
that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded 
SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate 
to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for 
use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is 
reasonably necessary);

--- Page 132 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 130 - 
47-41025581 
 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark 
is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;

--- Page 133 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 131 - 
47-41025581 
 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 3(h) above 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 3(h); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 3(h), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the 
first Interest Period). 
(i) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR 
This Condition 3(i) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the “Reference Rate” is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being “€STR”. 
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on each Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(i): 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards):

--- Page 134 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 132 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“D” means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360); 
“do” means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the “€STR reference rate”, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Settlement Day as provided 
by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, 
as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately 
following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined 
in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central 
Bank or the successor administrator of such rate); 
“€STRi” means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
TARGET Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day “i"; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”. 
“i”  
is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 
Settlement Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period;

--- Page 135 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 133 - 
47-41025581 
 
“ni” for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET 
Settlement Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and including) 
the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case 
of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
“p” for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms. 
Subject to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark Replacement), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be 
calculated pursuant to Condition 3(i) above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in 
respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR 
reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such 
TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central 
Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(i), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(j) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be, provided however 
that provisions relating to the Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate shall not apply to the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes and shall not be specified at any time in the relevant Final Terms. 
(k) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (ii) 
all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (iii) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down 
to the nearest Yen. For these purposes “unit” means, with respect to any currency other than 
Euro, the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, with respect to Euro, means one cent. 
(l) 
Calculations in respect of the Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(l) applies to the Senior Notes only.

--- Page 136 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 134 - 
47-41025581 
 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Period shall calculated using one of the 
following methods: 
(i) 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable but subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Interest Amount payable for any 
Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the 
Interest Rate to the Calculation Amount and by multiplying the product so obtained by 
the Day Count Fraction (adjusted or unadjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) above, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Fixed Coupon Amount 
and/or Broken Amount is specified in the Final Terms to be payable on an Interest 
Payment Date, the Interest Amount payable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
Fixed Coupon Amount and/or Broken Amount so specified; or 
(iii) 
if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable with respect to Senior Preferred Notes only, the Interest Amount payable 
for any Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (i) 
(Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates) (adjusted or unadjusted in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(iv) 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Interest Amount payable for any Interest Period shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the Interest Rate to the Calculation 
Amount and by multiplying the product so obtained by the Day Count Fraction 
(adjusted or unadjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms). 
Each Interest Amount (other than the Fixed Coupon Amount and the Broken Amount) shall be 
rounded in accordance with Condition 3(k) (Rounding). 
(m) 
Calculations in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition  3(m) applies to the Subordinated Notes only. 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Subordinated Note for any period shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the outstanding Calculation 
Amount by the Day Count Fraction, save that where an Interest Amount (or a formula for its 
calculation) is specified in respect of such period, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Subordinated Note for such period will equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in 
accordance with a formula). Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Subordinated Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided 
above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. In respect of any short or long Interest Period as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Interest Rate using Linear Interpolation. 
(n) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption Amounts 
and Instalment Amounts 
After the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date or such other time on such date 
as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation, it will, promptly, determine 
the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amount on the principal amount of the Notes for the 
relevant Interest Period, calculate the Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such 
quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Interest Rate 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, 
if required to be calculated, the Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified

--- Page 137 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 135 - 
47-41025581 
 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the holders of the Notes, any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Notes which is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange 
so requires, such exchange promptly after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
an Interest Rate and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after 
such determination. The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 8 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the 
Interest Rate payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition 3(n) but no publication of the Interest Rate or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest 
Amount, Redemption Amount and Instalment Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(o) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer will use its best endeavours to ensure that there shall at all times be four Reference 
Banks (or such other number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre 
and one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the Conditions applicable 
to the Notes and for so long as any Notes are outstanding. If any Reference Bank (acting through 
its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer 
will appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as 
such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation 
Agent performing its duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Interest Rate for 
any Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amounts or any other requirements, the Issuer 
will appoint the London office of a leading bank engaged in the London interbank market to act 
as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid. 
(p) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable 
and the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) 
the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
The calculation of the above amount shall be made (where such calculation is to be made for a 
period which is not a whole number of years) on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 3(p) or, if none is so 
specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(q) 
Interest Rate Switch 
If so specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, from and including the Interest 
Rate Switch Date, the Interest Rate applicable for the calculation of the Interest Amounts due 
for each remaining Interest Period with respect to the Notes shall be the rate specified as

--- Page 138 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 136 - 
47-41025581 
 
applying from and including such Interest Rate Switch Date in the Final Terms and the initial 
Interest Rate applicable to the Notes shall no longer apply. 
(r) 
Benchmark replacement 
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference 
Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SOFR”, notwithstanding the provisions 
in Conditions 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks) and 3(f) (Interest Rate on 
Floating Rate Notes), if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amount(s)) determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by such Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
an Independent Adviser (as defined below) to determine (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) a Successor Rate (as defined below) or, alternatively, 
if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate no later than 3 Business 
Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) 
(the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”) for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(r)); 
(2) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate, in accordance with the provisions set 
out under sub-paragraph (3) below; 
(3) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate is determined in 
accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, 
Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) in relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(r)); provided, 
however, that if sub-paragraph (2) applies and the Issuer is unable to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to the Reset Determination 
Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding 
Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the Rate of Interest applicable to such 
next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Reset Period or Interest 
Period as applicable (which may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating 
to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the 
provisions in this sub-paragraph (3) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as 
applicable) are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 3(r); 
(4) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate in accordance with the above provisions, the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) may also, following consultation 
with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), 
specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day 
Convention, Business Days, Reset Determination Date, Interest Determination Date

--- Page 139 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 137 - 
47-41025581 
 
and/or the definition of Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and 
the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow 
market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods 
(as applicable) also in compliance with the Issuer’s written plans provided for under 
article 28(2) of the Benchmarks Regulation (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 3(r)). If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the 
Issuer (as applicable), determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and 
determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Paying Agent shall, at the direction and 
expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to 
this Condition 3(r). No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with 
effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or such 
other changes, including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the 
relevant Paying Agent (if required)); 
(5) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to 
subparagraph (4) above to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders; and 
(6) 
if the provisions relating to the occurrence of, with respect to the Senior Notes, a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, or, with respect to the Subordinated Notes only, 
a Regulatory Event, in case of a Alternative Benchmark Rate is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, the provisions above would cause the occurrence of, 
respectively, a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or a Regulatory Event, therefore 
no Alternative Benchmark Rate will be adopted, and the Reference Rate applicable for 
the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate available at the 
immediately preceding Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(r): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice to Noteholders as a result 
of the replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Rate (as applicable), where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate 
(as applicable); or

--- Page 140 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 138 - 
47-41025581 
 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer), determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Benchmark Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest in respect of Eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency 
and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), or, 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, 
such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its 
discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable 
to the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or being subject to a material change; 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
the Original Reference Rate), provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date 
which is the later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) the 
date on which the administrator ceases publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely; or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued, provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which 
the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Original Reference Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate has ceased or will, within a specified period of time, cease to 
provide the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of cessation, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Original Reference Rate and further provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on 
the date which is the later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and 
(b) the date on which the administrator ceases to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely; 
(vi) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes, provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on 
the date which is the later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and 
(b) the date on which the Original Reference Rate is prohibited from being used or its 
use is subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally, or in respect of 
the Notes; or

--- Page 141 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 139 - 
47-41025581 
 
(vii) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from time to time, if applicable) 
for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate which has been determined in 
relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of 
this Condition 3(r) (Benchmark Replacement). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap floating leg 
benchmark rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg 
benchmark rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid swap floating 
leg benchmark rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid 
swap floating leg benchmark rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or 
mid-swap floating leg benchmark rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
and 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context requires otherwise: 
The expressions “Early Redemption Amount"; “Final Redemption Amount”, “Instalment 
Amount”, “Optional Redemption Amount (Call)”, and “Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put)” mean, in respect of any Note: (A) such amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms; or (B) if no such amount is specified, the principal 
amount of such Note. 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy, 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the BRRD, the BRRD 
Implementing Regulations, the CRD IV, the Prudential Regulations for Banks of the Bank of 
Italy, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and those regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant Authority or 
of the institutions of the European Union and/or the Republic of Italy (as defined below) whether 
or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they

--- Page 142 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 140 - 
47-41025581 
 
are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group and standards and guidelines 
issued by the European Banking Authority; 
“Banking Reform Package” means (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, (iii) Directive 
(EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures, and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended and supplemented. 
“CRD IV” means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measure; 
“CRD IV Directive” means the directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC as amended, supplemented or replaced from 
time to time, including any successor regulations (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
“CRD IV Implementing Measure” means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD 
IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited 
to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank 
of Italy, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable 
to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries (on 
a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a standalone or consolidated 
basis); 
“CRR” means the Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms amending 
Regulation No. 648/2012, supplemented or replaced from time to time, including any successor 
regulations (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the 
Banking Reform Package); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to that term in the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement. 
“Italian Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD (in including, but not limited to, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 
and 181/2015) as amended from time to time, (ii) Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a 
uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or superseded from time to time (the “SRM 
Regulation”) and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to 
which any obligation of a regulated entity (as defined below) (or other affiliate of such regulated

--- Page 143 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 141 - 
47-41025581 
 
entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other 
obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
“Luxembourg Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Luxembourg, (i) relating to the transposition of 
the BRRD (including, but not limited to, the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 relative 
aux mesures de résolution, d'assainissement et de liquidation des établissements de crédit et de 
certaines enterprises d'investissement ainsi qu'aux systèmes de garantie des dépôts et 
d'indemnisation des investisseurs, as amended from time to time (the “Luxembourg BRRD 
Law”), (ii) relating to the SRM Regulation or (iii) otherwise arising under Luxembourg law and 
(iv) in each case, the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any 
obligation of a regulated entity or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, 
cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such 
regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period) and any right in a 
contract governing an obligation of a regulated entity may be deemed to have been exercised. 
For this purpose, a reference to a “regulated entity” is to any institution or entity (which includes 
certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their group companies) referred to in 
points (1), (2), (3) or (4) of Article 2(1) of the Luxembourg BRRD Law, and with respect to the 
SRM Regulation to any entity referred to in Article 2 of the SRM Regulation; and 
“Maturity Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Period” means the period from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the 
Maturity Date. 
“Prudential Regulations for Banks” means the Bank of Italy’s Disposizioni di Vigilanza per 
le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, including any successor regulations. 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Instalment 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Redemption Amount or such other amount in the nature 
of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that such 
amount is in any case at least equal to the principal amount of the relevant Note. 
“Regulatory Capital Requirements” means any applicable minimum capital or capital 
requirement specified for banks or financial group by the Relevant Authority. 
“Relevant Authority” means the Bank of Italy or such other governmental authority in the 
Republic of Italy (or other country where the Issuer is then domiciliated) or in the European 
Union having primary responsibility for prudential and resolution oversight and supervision of 
the Issuer and/or the Group from time to time and/or, as the context may require, the “resolution 
authority” or the “competent authority” as defined under BRRD and/or SRM Regulation. 
(b) 
Maturities/Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below in 
accordance with Conditions 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons), 4(d) (Purchases), 
4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)), Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the option of holders of Notes) or 
Condition 4(i) (Redemption by instalments), each Note will be redeemed at its Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
(ii) 
Senior Non Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of twelve months, 
as provided under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority.

--- Page 144 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 142 - 
47-41025581 
 
(iii) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of five years, as provided 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(c) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification 
of the Notes), if Redemption for taxation reasons is specified in the Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on 
any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, on giving 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the holders of Notes (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption), if (i) the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) (A) has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 (Taxation) or (B) 
has or will become subject to additional amount of national income taxes (and/or, in the case of 
Mediobanca, regional tax on productive activities – IRAP) due to partial or entire limitation to 
the deductibility of any payments under the Notes, in either case as a result of (1) any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Luxembourg or any political subdivision thereof 
or any agency or authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of payments made 
by or on behalf of Mediobanca International) or the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision 
thereof or any agency or authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of 
payments made by or on behalf of Mediobanca), or (2) any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, or (3) any judicial decision, official administrative 
pronouncement, published ruling, regulatory procedure, notice or announcement (including any 
notice or announcement of intent to adopt such procedures or regulations) (for purposes of this 
definition, an “Administrative Action”), or (4) any clarification of, or change in the official 
position or the interpretation of such Administrative Action or any interpretation or 
pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such Administrative Action that 
differs from the generally accepted position, in each case by any legislative body, court, 
governmental, administrative or regulatory authority or body, irrespective of the manner in 
which such clarification or change is made known, which change, amendment, Administrative 
Action or clarification becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and (ii) such 
obligations/limitations under (A) and (B) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it which (x) do not 
require the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) to incur material out-of-pocket expenses 
and (y) would not otherwise be disadvantageous to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as determined 
in their discretion; provided that in the case under (A) above no such notice of redemption 
shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, 
as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) then be due. Prior to the publication of any 
notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) stating that 
such Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of such Issuer 
(or the Guarantor, as the case may be) so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that there is more than an 
unsubstantial risk that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) (A) has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts or (B) has or will become subject to additional amount 
of taxes, as indicated above, due to limitation of the deductibility of payments under the Notes 
as a result of such change, amendment, Administrative Action or clarification (the “Tax Event”). 
(d) 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification 
of the Notes), the Issuer, the Guarantor and any of the Guarantor’s subsidiaries may purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price provided that all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered therewith. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer will be 
entitled to exercise the option to repurchase from the holder(s), at its sole discretion, (1) all (but 
not part of) the Notes of the relevant Series (the “Total Repurchase Option”) or (2) on one or 
more occasions, any portion of the Notes of the relevant Series, provided that in such

--- Page 145 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 143 - 
47-41025581 
 
circumstances the amount of the Notes of the relevant Series to be purchased from each holder 
shall be the same proportion that the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant 
Series that are subject to the relevant Partial Purchase Option bears to the aggregate principal 
amount of all the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding prior to the exercise of the 
relevant Partial Purchase Option (the “Partial Repurchase Option”). The Total Repurchase 
Option and the Partial Repurchase Option can only be exercised by the Issuer at the date(s) and 
the price(s) specified in the Final Terms as the Total Repurchase Option date or the Partial 
Repurchase Option date(s) and the Total Repurchase Option amount or Partial Repurchase 
Option amount(s), respectively. Upon exercise of the Total Repurchase Option or the Partial 
Repurchase Option, the holder(s) shall be obliged to sell to the Issuer (or any other entity 
indicated by the Issuer) all the Notes of the Series in relation to which the Total Repurchase 
Option or the Partial Repurchase Option (as the case may be) is exercised. 
(e) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes, Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes for taxation 
reasons, Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes at the Option of the holder, Redemption of 
Zero Coupon Notes at the option of holders of Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 4(e) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification 
of the Notes), if the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
then the following provisions will apply: 
(1) 
If European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the 
Issuer may, on giving irrevocable prior notice to the holders of Notes, – which notice 
must be received by the holders of Notes no later than the last day of the notice period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms – redeem all or, if “Partial Redemption” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Notes. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall occur on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), together with accrued interest (if any) up to such date, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(2) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the 
Issuer may, at any time during any exercise period specified in the Final Terms (the 
“Exercise Period”), elects to redeem all or, if “Partial Redemption” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Notes, by sending a notice to the 
holders of Notes which notice must be received by such holders no later than the end of 
the relevant Exercise Period. Any such redemption of Notes shall occur on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date at their Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together with 
accrued interest (if any) up to such date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
In the case of a Partial Redemption, the notice to holders of Notes shall also contain the serial 
numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Fiscal

--- Page 146 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 144 - 
47-41025581 
 
Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
(g) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification 
of the Notes), if Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at any time (if the Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), to the holders of the Notes: (i) 
upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event with respect to the relevant 
Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non Preferred Notes (as the case may be), and 
(ii) to the holders of the Subordinated Notes, if the Subordinated Notes cease to qualify (in 
whole or in part) as “Tier II Capital”, on a consolidated or non consolidated basis, as a result of 
changes after the date of issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes in the standards and guidelines 
of the Bank of Italy or in the applicable legal or regulatory provisions (including legal or 
regulatory provisions adopted by the European Union) (the “Regulatory Event”). 
“BRRD” means the directive 2014/59/EU, as amended, providing for the establishment of an 
EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package). 
“BRRD Implementing Decrees” means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of 16 
November 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from 
time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking 
Reform Package into Italian law). 
“MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer, that as a result 
of a change in Italian and/or EU laws or regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non Preferred Notes, which change 
was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the Series, it is likely that 
all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes 
and/or of Senior Non Preferred Notes will be excluded from the eligible liabilities available to 
meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements (however called or defined by then applicable regulations) 
if the Issuer is then subject to such requirements, provided that a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event shall not occur where such Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of 
Senior Non Preferred Notes is excluded on the basis (1) that the remaining maturity of such 
Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non Preferred Notes is less than any period prescribed by 
any applicable eligibility criteria under the MREL/TLAC Requirements, or (2) of any applicable 
limits on the amount of eligible liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements, or (3) such exclusion (in whole or in part) is the result of such Notes being 
purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is funded directly or 
indirectly by the Issuer. 
“MREL/TLAC Requirements” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
Group referred to in the BRRD, any other EU law or regulation and relevant implementing 
legislation and regulation in Italy. 
“Tier II Capital” has the meaning given to it from time to time in the Applicable Banking 
Regulation. 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of holders of Notes 
This Condition 4(h) applies only to the Senior Notes. 
If the Put Option is specified as being applicable to the Senior Notes in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the following provisions will apply:

--- Page 147 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 145 - 
47-41025581 
 
(1) 
If European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the holders of the Senior Notes, redeem all or, if “Partial 
Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Senior 
Notes on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at its Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with accrued interest (if any) up to such date, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. To exercise such option, the holders must deposit such 
Senior Notes with any Paying Agent at its specified office, together with a duly 
completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form of obtainable from 
any Paying Agent; the Exercise Notice must be deposited with such Paying Agent no 
later than the last day of the notice period specified in the relevant Final Terms. No 
Senior Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided 
in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(2) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the holders of any the Senior Notes, redeem all or, if “Partial 
Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Senior 
Notes on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at its Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with accrued interest (if any) up to such date, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. To exercise such option which may be exercised at any time 
during any exercise period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Exercise 
Period”), the holder must deposit such Senior Notes with any Paying Agent at its 
specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise 
Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent; the Exercise Notice must be 
deposited with such Paying Agent no later than the end of the relevant Exercise Period. 
No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
In the case of a Partial Redemption, the notice to holders of Senior Notes shall also contain the 
serial numbers of the Senior Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place 
as the Fiscal Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
(i) 
Redemption by instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled in accordance with Condition 4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the option of holders 
of Notes), each Note which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be 
partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified on it, whereupon 
the outstanding principal amount of such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount for 
all purposes. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor’s 
subsidiaries (where applicable) may be surrendered for cancellation, by surrendering each such 
Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the 
Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, will, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor (where 
applicable) in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Specific Buy Back Provisions  
This Condition 4(k) applies only to the Senior Preferred Notes. 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon 
the holder of any Senior Preferred Note giving to the Issuer not less than 5 Business Days’ 
notice in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) to 
repurchase the Senior Preferred Note before its scheduled maturity, the Issuer may, at its sole

--- Page 148 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 146 - 
47-41025581 
 
option, upon the expiry of such notice, repurchase in whole or in part such Senior Preferred 
Note paying an amount that can be less than par and, as acknowledged by the holder, that is 
linked to the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions at that moment (calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of the following paragraphs of this Condition 4(k)), together, if 
appropriate, with any accrued but unpaid interest. As specified above, the Issuer has the right, 
in its sole option, to reject the repurchase request and, in particular, if the Issuer never replies to 
the notice, the Issuer is deemed to have rejected the repurchase request. 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, prior 
to the Maturity Date the value of the Senior Preferred Notes shall reflect and shall be calculated 
on the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions. The Calculation Agent may, 
from time to time, calculate the price of the Senior Preferred Notes on the basis of the Market 
Value of the Underlying Transactions and, without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligation to pay 
the Interest Amounts and the Redemption Amounts on the Senior Preferred Notes, in the event 
that a holder requests the Issuer to repurchase the Senior Preferred Notes held by it prior to their 
maturity, and the Issuer accepts such repurchase, the price of the Senior Preferred Notes (the 
“Buy Back Price”) will be a price that perfectly reflects the Market Value of such Underlying 
Transactions. The Specific Buy Back Provisions may apply only to Senior Preferred Notes 
issued by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International and where Mediobanca and/or 
Mediobanca International are specified as Dealers and where the principal amount in respect of 
such Senior Preferred Note is equal to, at least, EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent amount in the 
Specified Currency). 
In addition, if Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall pay an additional remuneration (the “Extra-Yield”) on the Senior 
Preferred Notes. More information on the composition of the remuneration (unbundling) shall 
be published by each of the Issuer from time to time together with the composition of the 
Underlying Transactions as described below. 
For the purpose of this Condition 4(k): 
“Buy-Back Price” means the repurchase price of the Senior Preferred Notes to be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions. 
“Market Value” means the close-out amount of the Underlying Transactions, including the 
relevant bid/ask prices for all the Senior Preferred Notes and for any possible funding 
arrangement and/or coupon swap, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a fair and 
commercially reasonable manner. 
“Underlying Transactions” means any possible funding arrangement and/or coupon swap 
and/or any of the following funded or unfunded arbitrage-like financial transactions: 
(i) 
Cash-CDS Arbitrage; 
(ii) 
Index-Components Arbitrage; and/or 
(iii) 
General Funded Arbitrage, 
where: 
“Cash-CDS Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Cash Instrument + Short (Long): Replicating CDS 
where: 
“Cash Instrument” means any debt obligation (including any obligation issued by the Issuer) 
or basket of debt obligations, under security or loan format, with maturities and notionals that 
can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and aggregate principal 
amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes;

--- Page 149 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 147 - 
47-41025581 
 
“Replicating CDS” means a credit default swap transaction having similar maturity and 
principal amount as the Cash Instrument, and having as a reference entity the Cash Instruments 
issuer or the Cash Instrument guarantor (including the Issuer or the Guarantor or the Issuer’s 
parent or the Issuer’s affiliate), or, in the case of Cash Instrument that are asset-backed 
obligations or credit linked obligations, any credit entity or any credit risk embedded in such 
Cash Instrument. 
“Index-Components Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Credit Index + Short (Long): CDS Components 
where: 
“Credit Index” means any of the Markit credit default swaps indices, with maturities and 
notionals that can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, and any successor and/or replacement 
index thereof, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Markit iTraxx® and Markit CDX™ 
indices, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Credit Index 
may also be a portfolio of credit default swap tranches summing up to a full capital structure, 
i.e. summing up to any such Markit credit default swap index. 
“CDS Components” means a basket of single-name credit default swap transactions having 
similar notional, maturity, coupons and reference entity as the components of the Credit Index. 
CDS Components may also be a portfolio of credit default swap tranches having similar 
maturity, aggregate notional, aggregate coupons and aggregate reference entities as the 
components of the Credit Index. 
“General Funded Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Asset Instruments + Short (Long): Replicating Derivatives 
where: 
“Asset Instruments” means any asset title instrument (including funds or obligations, also 
asset-backed) linked to credit, rates, equities, commodities or currencies, with maturities and 
notionals that can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes. 
“Replicating Derivatives” means any hedging derivative contract with similar maturity and 
notional as the Asset Instruments, and having as underlying the Asset Instrument itself. or any 
of its underlying financial instruments. For example: commodity certificate + future (“cash and 
carry arbitrage”), or convertible bond + CDS + equity option (“convertible arbitrage”). 
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion and the relevant composition is subject to change during the life of the 
Preferred Notes. The composition of the Underlying Transactions (including any possible 
funding arrangement and/or coupon swap) shall be published from time to time by Mediobanca 
or Mediobanca International on their website www.mediobanca.com or on the website of the 
Euronext Dublin or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on any other means 
of publication, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(l) 
Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes 
Any redemption of the Senior Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for taxation 
reason), Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 4(g) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), any purchase of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 4(d) (Purchases), or any modification of the Notes in accordance with Conditions 
9(a) (Meetings of holders of Notes) and 9(c) (Errors or inconsistencies), is subject to, to the 
extent such Senior Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements or, in case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 4(g) (Redemption

--- Page 150 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 148 - 
47-41025581 
 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), qualified as liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements before the occurrence of the MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, 
to compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including the condition that the 
Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 
78a of the CRR, where one of the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Senior Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments 
of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its own 
funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in 
the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial 
or full replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary 
to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations for continuing authorization. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior 
Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that 
any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in 
subparagraphs (i) and (ii) of the preceding paragraph. 
Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for 
taxation reason), Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 4(g) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), any purchase of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 4(d) (Purchases), or any modification of the Notes in accordance 
with Conditions 9(a) (Meetings of holders of Notes) and 9(c) (Errors or inconsistencies), is 
subject to compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including: 
(i) 
the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with Article 77 and 78 of the CRR as amended or replaced from time to time, where 
either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), 
the Issuer replaces the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
its own funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(A) 
in case of redemption for tax reasons in accordance with Condition 4(c) 
(Redemption for taxation reason), the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in tax treatment is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date, or 
(B) 
in the case of redemption upon the occurrence of a Regulatory Event in 
accordance with Condition 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)), the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the

--- Page 151 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 149 - 
47-41025581 
 
Relevant Authority that the relevant change in the regulatory classification of 
the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date and the Relevant 
Authority considers such change to be reasonably certain; or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for its income capacity and the Relevant Authority 
has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the Subordinated Notes, 
in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other 
threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may 
be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate 
nominal amount of the Tier 2 instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure 
that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and 
(B) of sub-paragraph (i) of the preceding paragraph. 
To redeem any Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not constitute an Event of Default 
of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any redemption or 
purchase, Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority (with 
respect to the Senior Non Preferred Notes only), and/or the MREL/TLAC Requirements (with respect to 
the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes), or the Applicable Banking Regulations 
(with respect to the Subordinated Notes only) permit the redemption or purchase only after compliance 
with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above in this Condition 4(l), the 
Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s). 
5. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
(a) 
Payments outside the United States 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes will, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipts 
are presented for payment together with their relative Notes), Notes (in the case of all other 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest as specified in Condition 5(e)(vi)) or Coupons 
(in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 5(e)(ii)), as the case may be, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the 
currency in which such payment is due drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to 
an account denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that 
currency; provided that in the case of Euro, the transfer may be to a Euro account. 
(b) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in US Dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be 
able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) 
such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.

--- Page 152 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 150 - 
47-41025581 
 
(c) 
Payments subject to law, etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the holders of Notes or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer 
and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and 
the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) 
and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. The 
Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the 
Registrar and to appoint additional or other agents provided that the Issuer will at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one, (iii) 
Paying Agents having a specified office in at least two major European cities (including Ireland 
so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin), and (iv) such other 
agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be 
listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect of any 
Notes denominated in US Dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 5(b) (Payments 
in the United States) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due 
date for redemption of those Notes, Notes should be surrendered for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) will be 
deducted from the Redemption Amount due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon 
within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 7 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If the relevant Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Notes (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note which is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due 
date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Note which provides that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all

--- Page 153 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 151 - 
47-41025581 
 
unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption 
shall be made only against the provisions of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note. Interest accrued on a Note which 
only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 7 (Prescription)). 
(g) 
Non-Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such 
place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall 
not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
In this Condition 5(g): 
“Additional Financial Centre” means the city or the cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
with respect to the Senior Notes: 
(A) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in 
each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(B) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
(ii) 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes: 
(A) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(1) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open 
for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for 
dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(2) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre 
specified in the Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is:

--- Page 154 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 152 - 
47-41025581 
 
(1) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open 
for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for 
dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(2) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre specified in the Final Terms. 
6. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Gross Up 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons by 
the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee will be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on the account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or any political subdivision thereof or any agency or authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax (in the case of payments made by or on behalf of 
Mediobanca International) or the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any 
agency or authority therein or thereof having power to tax (in the case of payments made by or 
on behalf of Mediobanca), unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental changes is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts in respect of, with regard to the Senior 
Notes not qualifying at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements only, principal and interest (if permitted by MREL/TLAC Requirements), and, 
with regard to the Subordinated Notes only, interest only (and not in respect of principal) as 
may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts 
or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal 
and interest which would have been received in respect of the Notes, Receipts or (as the case 
may be) Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon 
or (as the case may be) under the Deed of Guarantee: 
(i) 
for or on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Decree No. 239, Legislative Decree 
No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (“Decree No. 461”) or related implementing regulations; 
or (D) in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures of Decree No. 
239 and related implementing rules have not been properly and promptly met or 
complied with (except where due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or their agents); or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Notes, Receipt or Coupons presented for payment: 
(A) 
by, or on behalf of, a holder who is subject to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by 
reason of its having some connection (otherwise than merely by holding the 
Note, Receipt or Coupon) with (in the case of payments of principal and 
interest under the Senior Notes made by or on behalf of Mediobanca 
International) the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (including taxes imposed by 
the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005) or (in the case of payments of 
principal and interest made by or on behalf of Mediobanca and in respect of 
payments by Mediobanca under the Deed of Guarantee) the Republic of Italy; 
or 
(B) 
in the Republic of Italy (in respect of Notes Receipt or Coupon issued by 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.) or the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (in respect of Notes Receipt or Coupon issued by Mediobanca 
International (Luxembourg) S.A.); or

--- Page 155 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 153 - 
47-41025581 
 
(C) 
by, or on behalf of, a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by making a declaration 
or any other statement, including, but not limited to, a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant taxing authority 
or intermediary/paying agent, but has failed to do so properly and promptly; 
or 
(D) 
(in the case of payments of principal and interest made by or on behalf of 
Mediobanca and in respect of payments by Mediobanca under the Deed of 
Guarantee) to a holder who is a non-Italian resident or individual or legal 
entity which is resident in any country not allowing for an adequate exchange 
of information with the Italian tax authorities that is not included in the list 
set by Italian Ministerial Decree 4 September 1996, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented from time to time; or 
(E) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder 
thereof would have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(F) 
with respect to any Notes qualifying as “atypical” securities (titoli “atipici”) 
for Italian tax purposes subject to the regime provided for by Decree No. 512, 
for and on account of any withholding or deduction required by law pursuant 
to such decree, 
without prejudice to the option of the Issuer to redeem the Notes pursuant to, and subject to the 
conditions of, Condition 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons). 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer or (if applicable) the 
Guarantor shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (“FATCA 
Withholding”) as a result of a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent 
of the Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA Withholding. The Issuer or 
(if applicable) the Guarantor will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify an investor for any such FATCA Withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, 
the paying agent or any other party. 
(b) 
Taxing Jurisdiction 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Republic of Italy respectively, 
references in these Conditions to Luxembourg or Italy shall be construed as references to the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or (as the case may be) the Republic of Italy and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means 
the date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the holders of Notes 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt 
or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions 
to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all 
Instalment Amounts, Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 4 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or 
any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 3 (Interest and Other 
Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” 
shall be deemed to include any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 
6.

--- Page 156 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 154 - 
47-41025581 
 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) for payment in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons (which, for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become 
void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, the holder of a Note of any Series may give 
written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, 
whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together with accrued interest to the date of 
payment shall become immediately due and payable: 
Winding-up: the Issuer is wound up or dissolved, except for the purposes of, and pursuant to, or in 
connection with, a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, consolidation, 
deconsolidation or disposal of assets. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, “Events of Default” means any of the events listed in this 
Condition 8. 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as specifically provided by this Condition 8 shall be available to 
holders of the Notes or Coupons for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or Coupons. 
9. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF NOTES AND MODIFICATIONS 
(a) 
Meetings of holders of Notes 
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of holders 
of Notes to consider any matter affecting their interest, including modification by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Notes (including these Conditions insofar as the same may apply to such 
Notes). An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all 
the holders of Notes, whether present or not and on all relevant holders of Coupons, except that 
any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or 
redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest thereon, (ii) 
to reduce or cancel the principal amount or an Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable 
on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or 
to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for 
calculating the Interest Amount in respect thereof, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Interest 
Rate, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown in the Final Terms, to reduce any 
such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to change any method of calculating the Redemption 
Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, (vii) 
to modify the provisions contained concerning the quorum required at any meeting of holders 
of Notes or any adjournment thereof or concerning the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution, (viii) to modify the provisions which would have the effect of giving 
any authority, direction or sanction which under the Notes is required to be given pursuant to a 
meeting of holders of Notes to which the special quorum provisions apply, (ix) to take any steps 
which as specified in the Final Terms may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary 
Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply or (x) to amend the foregoing 
exceptions in any manner, will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the holders of Notes 
(or at any adjournment thereof) at which a special quorum (provided for in the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement) is present. 
(b) 
Modification of Issue and Paying Agency Agreement 
The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the 
interests of the holders of Notes.

--- Page 157 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 155 - 
47-41025581 
 
(c) 
Errors or inconsistencies 
The Issuer and, with respect to the Senior Preferred Notes only, the Guarantor may, without the 
prior consent of the holders of the Notes correct (i) any manifest and/or material error in the 
Conditions and/or in the Final Terms, (ii) any error of a formal, minor or technical nature in the 
Conditions and/or in the Final Terms or (iii) any inconsistency in the Conditions and/or in the 
Final Terms between the Conditions and/or the Final Terms and any other documents prepared 
in connection with the issue and/or offer of a Series of Notes (provided such correction is not 
materially prejudicial to the holders of the relevant Series of Notes). In addition, pursuant to 
Condition 3(r) (Benchmark replacement), certain changes may be made to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such 
Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. Any such correction shall 
be binding on the holders of the relevant Notes and the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) 
shall cause such correction to be notified to the holders of the Notes as soon as practicable 
thereafter pursuant to Condition 12 (Notices). 
(d) 
Modification following a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
With respect to the Senior Notes only, if Modification following a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, where a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing and/or in order to ensure 
the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 (Acknowledgement of the Italian / 
Luxembourg Bail-In Power), then the Issuer may, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, modify the terms of the Senior Notes to the extent that such 
modification is necessary to ensure that no such MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event would 
exist after such modification or the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 
(Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), provided that, following such 
modification: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 
(Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), the terms and 
conditions of the Senior Notes, as so modified (the “modified Senior Notes”), are no 
more prejudicial to Noteholders than the terms and conditions applicable to the Senior 
Notes prior to such modification (the “existing Senior Notes”); and 
(ii) 
the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes continues to be 
the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the modified Senior Notes rank at least equal to the existing Senior Notes and feature 
the same tenor, principal amount, interest rates (including applicable margins), interest 
payment dates and redemption rights as the existing Senior Notes; and 
(iv) 
the modified Senior Notes continue to be listed on a regulated market (for the purposes 
of the MiFID II (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended)) of an internationally recognised 
stock exchange as selected by the Issuer (provided that the existing Senior Notes were 
so listed prior to the occurrence of such MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event), 
and provided further that: 
(a) 
Mediobanca obtains approval of the proposed modification from the Relevant 
Authority (if such approval is required) or gives prior written notice (if such notice is 
required to be given) to the Relevant Authority and, following the expiry of all relevant 
statutory time limits, the Relevant Authority is no longer entitled to object or impose 
changes to the proposed modification; 
(b) 
the modified Senior Notes are assigned the same or higher published and solicited 
rating of the existing Senior Notes in effect at such time (to the extent the existing 
Senior Notes were rated prior to the occurrence of such MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event);

--- Page 158 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 156 - 
47-41025581 
 
(c) 
the modification does not give rise to any right on the part of the Issuer to exercise any 
option to redeem the Senior Notes prior to their stated maturity, without prejudice to 
the provisions under Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer); and 
(d) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, substantially in the form 
shown in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, signed by two of the Issuer’s 
executive officers stating that paragraphs (i) to (iv) and (a) to (c) above have been 
complied with, such certificate to be made available for inspection by Noteholders. 
In connection with any modification as indicated in this Condition 9(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes are then listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Modification following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes only, if modification following a Regulatory Event or a 
Tax Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, where a Regulatory Event 
or a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 14 (Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), 
then the Issuer may, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
modify the terms of the Notes to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to 
ensure that no such Regulatory Event or Tax Event would exist after such modification or the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 (Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg 
Bail-In Power), provided that, following such modification: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 
(Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), the terms and 
conditions of the Subordinated Notes, as so modified (the “modified Notes”), are no 
more prejudicial to Noteholders than the terms and conditions applicable to the 
Subordinated Notes prior to such modification (the “existing Notes”); and 
(ii) 
the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes continues 
to be the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the modified Subordinated Notes rank at least equal to the existing Subordinated Notes 
and feature the same tenor, principal amount, interest rates (including applicable 
margins), interest payment dates and redemption rights as the existing Subordinated 
Notes; and 
(iv) 
the modified Subordinated Notes continue to be listed on a regulated market (for the 
purposes of the MiFID II (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended)) of an internationally 
recognised stock exchange as selected by the Issuer (provided that the existing Notes 
were so listed prior to the occurrence of such Regulatory Event or Tax Event, as 
applicable), 
and provided further that: 
(a) 
Mediobanca obtains approval of the proposed modification from the Relevant 
Authority (if such approval is required) or gives prior written notice (if such notice is 
required to be given) to the Relevant Authority and, following the expiry of all relevant 
statutory time limits, the Relevant Authority is no longer entitled to object or impose 
changes to the proposed modification; 
(b) 
the modified Notes are assigned the same or higher published and solicited rating of 
the existing Subordinated Notes in effect at such time (to the extent the existing 
Subordinated Notes were rated prior to the occurrence of such Regulatory Event or 
Tax Event, as applicable); 
(c) 
the modification does not give rise to any right on the part of the Issuer to exercise any 
option to redeem the Subordinated Notes prior to their stated maturity, without

--- Page 159 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 157 - 
47-41025581 
 
prejudice to the provisions under Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer); 
(d) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, substantially in the form 
shown in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, signed by two of the Issuer’s 
executive officers stating that paragraphs (i) to (iv) and (a) to (c) above have been 
complied with, such certificate to be made available for inspection by Noteholders; 
and 
(e) 
in the case of any proposed modifications owing to a Tax Event, the Issuer has 
delivered to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Tax Event can be avoided by the proposed modifications. 
In connection with any modification as indicated in this Condition 9(e), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are then 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(f) 
Modification to Notes distributed to a Single Noteholder 
In partial derogation to the provisions of Condition 9(a),(b),(c),(d) and (e) above, in case the 
Notes have been distributed to a single holder (the “Single Holder”), the approval for the 
amendments under Condition 9(e),(b),(c),(d) and (e) above shall be given by the Single Holder 
by way of binding approval letter with prior delivery of the relevant proof of ownership of the 
relevant Note. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or 
such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice 
of whose designation is given to holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, 
for exchange for further Coupons, there will be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
11. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the first payment of interest) and so that the same shall 
be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” 
shall be construed accordingly. 
The Issuer may also from time to time upon not less than 30 days’ prior notice to Noteholders, without 
the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons of any Series, consolidate the Notes with Notes of one or 
more other Series (the “Other Notes”) issued by it, provided the Notes and the Other Notes have been 
redenominated into Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro), and otherwise have, in respect of all 
periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the first payment of interest). Notice of 
any such consolidation will be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). The 
Fiscal Agent shall act as the consolidation agent. 
With effect from their consolidation, the Notes and the Other Notes will (if listed prior to such 
consolidation) be listed on at least one European stock exchange on which either the Notes or the Other 
Notes were listed immediately prior to such consolidation.

--- Page 160 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 158 - 
47-41025581 
 
The Issuer shall in dealing with holders of such Notes following a consolidation pursuant to this 
Condition 11 have regard to the interest of the holders and the holders of the Other Notes, taken together 
as a class, and shall treat them alike. 
12. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the holders of Notes will be valid if (i) until such time as any Definitive Notes are issued, the 
notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System(s), for communication by them to the holders of Notes; 
and (ii) if and so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin’s regulated market 
and listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin, the notice is published in accordance with the rules 
and regulations of the Euronext Dublin (which shall include publication in a leading newspaper having 
general circulation in Ireland or on the website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) or on 
the website of the relevant Issuer (www.mediobanca.it or www.mediobancaint.lu) and the Guarantor 
(www.mediobanca.it). If any such publication is not practicable, notice will be validly given if published 
in another leading daily English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to the 
holders of Notes in accordance with this Condition 12. 
13. 
LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the relevant Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with Italian 
law, also in accordance with the provisions of the Rome II Regulation, except in case of Senior 
Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior 
Preferred Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) and Condition 14 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in 
Power) of these Conditions, which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Luxembourgish law. For the avoidance of doubt, articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg 
Company Law shall not apply to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”), 
arising from or connected with the Notes, whether arising out of or in connection with 
contractual or non-contractual obligations. 
14. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE ITALIAN / LUXEMBOURG BAIL-IN POWER 
A) Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and without 
prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each holder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 14, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, 
accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise 
may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction 
of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation 
thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including 
by means of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation 
of the Notes or the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest

--- Page 161 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 159 - 
47-41025581 
 
payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect 
to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an Event of 
Default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant Authority 
in accordance with this Condition 14. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of the Italian Bail-In Power. 
B) Acknowledgment of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power 
The provisions of this Condition 14(B) applies to Senior Preferred Notes only. 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and without 
prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Senior Preferred Notes each holder 
(which, for the purposes of this Condition 14, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Senior 
Preferred Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the 
reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) 
due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect 
of the Senior Preferred Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such 
shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or 
variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Senior Preferred Notes or the principal 
amount in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest 
due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the amendment 
or alteration of the maturity of the Senior Preferred Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Senior Preferred Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect 
to the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an Event 
of Default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant 
Authority in accordance with this Condition 14.

--- Page 162 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 160 - 
47-41025581 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of 
the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary 
(in the case of a CGN) or a common safekeeper (in the case of an NGN) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the 
case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each, an “Accountholder”) must look solely to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for 
such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation 
to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long 
as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the 
Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, 
the relevant Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and (in the case of an NGN) effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the 
certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary 
Global to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons, 
Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-fifth day after the 
bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive 
Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has occurred 
and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon

--- Page 163 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 161 - 
47-41025581 
 
has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the 
Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the 
principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on such seventh day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) 
on such forty-fifth day (in the case of paragraph (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such due date 
(in the case of paragraph (c) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have 
under the Deeds of Covenant. Under the Deeds of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary 
Global Note will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled 
if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in 
an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the Issuer will give notice of the 
exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes, as the case may be. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and, where applicable, 
with Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the 
bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-fifth day after the 
bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note 
on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg 
time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have 
no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or 
others may have under the Deeds of Covenant). Under the relevant Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled 
to an interest in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the 
holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were 
shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the relevant Issuer will give notice of 
the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes, as the case may be.

--- Page 164 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 162 - 
47-41025581 
 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they apply to 
the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of 
any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the relevant Issuer 
in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the 
Global Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure that, in respect of a CGN, the payment is noted on a schedule thereto 
and, in respect of an NGN, the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the option of 
holders of Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the 
option of holders of Notes) of the Italian Law Notes, the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the 
period specified in the relevant Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and Put Option Notice, give written 
notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such 
option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, as the case may 
be, in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal 
amount specified by the relevant Issuer in accordance with the relevant Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed 
will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, at their discretion, as either 
a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, as the case may be, while all the 
Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global 
Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) 
deposited with a depositary, common depositary or common safekeeper (as the case may be) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, notices to Noteholders may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, as the case may be, on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system; provided, however, that, so long as the 
Notes are listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, notices will also be published 
in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or on the website of the Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/).

--- Page 165 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 163 - 
47-41025581 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
General Funding and Regulatory Capital 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from each Tranche of Notes will be used 
by the Issuer for its general funding purposes and to improve the regulatory capital structure of the Issuer. 
Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds 
If the Tranche of the Notes to be issued is described as Green Bonds and/or Social Bonds and/or Sustainability 
Bonds, the relevant Final Terms will describe the relevant projects to which the net proceeds of the Tranche of 
Notes will be applied, including by reference to the relevant bond framework and where further details of the 
relevant projects will be available. In accordance with the relevant definition criteria set out by the International 
Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) from time to time: 
(a) 
only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects will be denominated “Green 
Bonds"; 
(b) 
only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Social Projects will be denominated “Social 
Bonds"; and 
(c) 
only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Sustainability Projects will be denominated 
“Sustainability Bonds”. 
In the event of a project divestment or if a project no longer meets the eligibility criteria, an amount equal to the 
net proceeds of the “Green Bonds”, “Social Bond” or “Sustainability Bonds” will be used to finance or refinance 
other projects qualifying as Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainability Projects, as 
the case may be. 
Green Bonds 
Eligible Green Projects have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green 
projects set out in the Green Bond Principles published by ICMA. For the purpose of this section, “Eligible Green 
Projects” include projects aimed at addressing the key climate change concerns referred to in the “Mediobanca 
Green and Sustainable Bond Framework” published in the section “Business Responsibility” of the Issuer’s 
website https://www.mediobanca.com/en/sustainability/index.html  
Social Bonds 
Eligible Social Projects have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for social 
projects set out in the Social Bond Principles published by ICMA. For the purpose of this section, “Eligible Social 
Projects” include projects aimed at providing and/or promoting the social projects referred to in the “Mediobanca 
Green and Sustainable Bond Framework” published in the section “Business Responsibility” of the Issuer’s 
website https://www.mediobanca.com/en/sustainability/index.html  
Sustainability Bonds 
For the purpose of this section, “Eligible Sustainability Projects” means projects with positive environmental 
and social outcomes, in accordance with the applicable Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by ICMA 
(involving a combination of its Green Bond Principles and Social Bond Principles), as further specified in the 
“Mediobanca Green and Sustainable Bond Framework” published in the section “Business Responsibility” of the 
Issuer’s website https://www.mediobanca.com/en/sustainability/index.html  
Second-party Opinion 
Where the Final Terms specify that the proceeds to the Notes will be used to finance or refinance Eligible Green 
Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainability Projects (in whole or in part), the Issuer may appoint 
consultants and/or institutions with recognised expertise in environmental sustainability to issue a second-party

--- Page 166 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 164 - 
47-41025581 
 
opinion (a “Second-party Opinion”) attesting that the relevant projects have been defined in accordance with the 
broad categorisation of eligibility for those projects set out by ICMA. 
The Final Terms relating to such Notes will specify (to the extent known at the relevant date): 
(i) 
further details of the Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainability Projects 
selected by the Issuer for financing and/or refinancing with the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes; 
(ii) 
where a list of the relevant projects is or will be available for viewing by Noteholders; and 
(iii) 
details of periodic updates, including an updated list of the relevant projects financed and/or refinanced 
with the net proceeds of the Notes, the amounts allocated and their expected impact, any ongoing process 
of verification, information on key performance indicators relating to such projects and where that 
information will be made available for viewing by Noteholders.

--- Page 167 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 165 - 
47-41025581 
 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
This section of the Base Prospectus reflects the contents of certain information contained in the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca and the audited non-consolidated annual financial 
statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years ended 30 June 2021 and 2020. 
History and development of Mediobanca 
Legal status and information 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. was set up on 10 April 1946 by virtue of a notarial deed drawn 
up by Notary public Arturo Lovato, file no. 3041/52378. Mediobanca is a joint stock company incorporated under 
Italian law registered in the Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi Companies’ Register under Registration no. 
00714490158 having its registered office and administrative headquarters in Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia 1, 20121 
Milan, Italy, tel. No.: (0039) 02-88291. The LEI code of Mediobanca is: PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44. 
Mediobanca operates under Italian law, and the court of Milan has jurisdiction over any disputes arising against 
it. 
Important events in Mediobanca’s recent history 
Neither Mediobanca nor any company in the Group have carried out transactions that have materially affected or 
that might be reasonably expected to materially affect, Mediobanca’s ability to meet its obligations towards third 
parties. 
On 12 November 2019, the Board of Directors of Mediobanca has approved and published the 2019/2023 strategic 
plan, setting out certain objectives to be achieved within June 2023, based on the growth of highly-profitable 
banking activities and the development of all the Mediobanca Group divisions (Wealth Management, Consumer 
Banking and Corporate & Investment Banking). 
Mediobanca has been assigned with the following rating levels: 
Rating 
Agency 
Type of rating 
Short-term 
debts 
Long-term 
debts 
Outlook 
Latest 
rating 
action 
S&P’s 
Issuer 
Credit 
Rating 
(“ICR”) 
A-2 
BBB 
Positive 
23 
November 
2021 
FitchRatings 
Issuer Default Rating 
(“IDR”) 
F3 
BBB- 
Stable 
4 February 2021 
Moody’s 
Issuer Default Rating 
(“IDR”) 
P-2 
Baa1 
Stable 
12 May 2021 
 
Mediobanca will publish updated information on its ratings on its website www.mediobanca.com in the specific 
section www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/rating.html. 
For an explanation of the rating given by S&P please see below the S&P rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of no more than 
one year 
Investment grade 
AAA 
The obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is extremely strong. 
Investment grade 
A-1 
The obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is strong. Within this 
category, certain obligations are designated with a plus 
sign (+). This indicates that the obligor’s capacity to

--- Page 168 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 166 - 
47-41025581 
 
AA 
The obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is very strong. An 
obligation rated 'AA' differs from the highest-rated 
obligations only to a small degree. 
A 
The obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated 
categories. However, the obligor’s capacity to meet 
its financial commitment on the obligation is still 
strong. 
BBB 
The 
obligation 
exhibits 
adequate 
protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions 
or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to 
a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. 
meet its financial commitment on these obligations is 
extremely strong. 
A-2 
The obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher rating 
categories. However, the obligor’s capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation is satisfactory. 
A-3 
The 
obligation 
exhibits 
adequate 
protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a 
weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation. 
(Source: Standard & Poor’s) 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of less than one 
year 
Speculative grade 
BB 
The obligation is less vulnerable to nonpayment than 
other speculative issues. However, it faces major 
ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse 
business, financial, or economic conditions which 
could lead to the obligor’s inadequate capacity to 
meet its financial commitment on the obligation. 
B 
The obligation is more vulnerable to nonpayment than 
obligations rated 'BB', but the obligor currently has 
the capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. Adverse business, financial, or economic 
conditions will likely impair the obligor’s capacity or 
willingness to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. 
CCC 
The obligation is currently vulnerable to nonpayment, 
and is dependent upon favorable business, financial, 
and economic conditions for the obligor to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. In the event 
of 
adverse 
business, 
financial, 
or 
economic 
conditions, the obligor is not likely to have the 
Speculative grade 
B 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics. The obligor currently has 
the capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation; 
however, 
it 
faces 
major 
ongoing 
uncertainties which could lead to the obligor’s 
inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitment 
on the obligation. 
B -1 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, but the obligor has a 
relatively stronger capacity to meet its financial 
commitments over the short-term compared to other 
speculative-grade obligors. 
B -2 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, and the obligor has an 
average speculative-grade capacity to meet its 
financial commitments over the short-term compared 
to other speculative-grade obligors.

--- Page 169 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 167 - 
47-41025581 
 
capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. 
CC 
The obligation is currently highly vulnerable to 
nonpayment. 
C 
A 'C' rating is assigned to obligations that are 
currently 
highly 
vulnerable 
to 
nonpayment, 
obligations that have payment arrearages allowed by 
the terms of the documents, or obligations of an issuer 
that is the subject of a bankruptcy petition or similar 
action which have not experienced a payment default. 
D 
The obligation is in payment default. The 'D' rating 
category is used when payments on an obligation, 
including a regulatory capital instrument, are not 
made on the date due even if the applicable grace 
period has not expired, unless Standard & Poor’s 
believes that such payments will be made during such 
grace period. 
B -3 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, and the obligor has a 
relatively weaker capacity to meet its financial 
commitments over the short-term compared to other 
speculative-grade obligors. 
C 
The obligation is currently vulnerable to nonpayment 
and is dependent upon favorable business, financial, 
and economic conditions for the obligor to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. 
D 
The obligation is in payment default. The 'D' rating 
category is used when payments on an obligation, 
including a regulatory capital instrument, are not made 
on the date due even if the applicable grace period has 
not expired, unless Standard & Poor’s believes that 
such payments will be made during such grace period 
NB:  
ratings from “AA” to “CCC” inclusive can be modified by adding the “+” or “-” minus sign to specify the position. 
For an explanation of the rating given by Fitch please see below the Fitch rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of no more than 
one year 
Investment grade 
AAA 
Denote the lowest expectation of default risk. They 
are assigned only in cases of exceptionally strong 
capacity for payment of financial commitments. This 
capacity is highly unlikely to be adversely affected by 
foreseeable events. 
AA 
Denote expectations of very low default risk. They 
indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial 
commitments. This capacity is not significantly 
vulnerable to foreseeable events. 
A 
Denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity 
for payment of financial commitments is considered 
strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more 
Investment grade 
F-1 
Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely 
payment of financial commitments; may have an 
added “+” to denote any exceptionally strong credit 
feature. 
 
F-2 
Good intrinsic capacity for timely payment of 
financial commitments. 
F-3 
The intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial 
commitments is adequate.

--- Page 170 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 168 - 
47-41025581 
 
vulnerable to adverse business or economic 
conditions than is the case for higher ratings 
BBB 
Indicate that expectations of default risk are currently 
low. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered adequate but adverse 
business or economic conditions are more likely to 
impair this capacity. 
(Source: Fitch Ratings) 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of less than one 
year 
Speculative grade 
BB 
Indicate an elevated vulnerability to default risk, 
particularly in the event of adverse changes in 
business or economic conditions over time; however, 
business or financial flexibility exists which supports 
the servicing of financial commitments. 
B 
Indicate that material default risk is present, but a 
limited 
margin 
of 
safety 
remains. 
Financial 
commitments are currently being met; however, 
capacity for continued payment is vulnerable to 
deterioration 
in 
the 
business 
and 
economic 
environment. 
CCC 
Default is a real possibility. 
CC 
Default of some kind appears probable. 
C 
Default is imminent or inevitable, or the issuer is in 
standstill. 
RD 
Indicate an issuer that in Fitch Ratings’ opinion has 
entered into bankruptcy filings, administration, 
receivership, liquidation or other formal winding-up 
procedure, or which has otherwise ceased business. 
Speculative grade 
B 
Minimal capacity for timely payment of financial 
commitments, plus heightened vulnerability to near 
term adverse changes in financial and economic 
conditions. 
 
C 
Default is a real possibility. 
 
RD 
Indicates an entity that has defaulted on one or more 
of its financial commitments, although it continues to 
meet other financial obligations. Applicable to entity 
ratings only. 
 
D 
Indicates a broad-based default event for an entity, or 
the default of a short-term obligation.

--- Page 171 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 169 - 
47-41025581 
 
For an explanation of the rating given by Moody’s please see below the Moody’s rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than one year 
Aaa 
Obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of credit risk. 
Aa 
Obligations rated Aa are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. 
A 
Obligations rated A are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. 
Baa 
Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may 
possess certain speculative characteristics. 
Ba 
Obligations rated Ba are judged to be speculative and are subject to substantial credit risk. 
B 
Obligations rated B are considered speculative and are subject to high credit risk. 
Caa 
Obligations rated Caa are judged to be speculative of poor standing and are subject to very high credit risk. 
Ca 
Obligations rated Ca are highly speculative and are likely in, or very near, default, with some prospect of 
recovery of principal and interest. 
C 
Obligations rated C are the lowest rated and are typically in default, with little prospect for recovery of principal 
or interest. 
Note: Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates 
that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. Additionally, a “(hyb)” indicator is appended to all ratings of hybrid 
securities issued by banks, insurers, finance companies, and securities firms. 
(Source: Moody’s) 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (formerly, Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Italy S.r.l.) ("S&P"), 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and Moody’s France S.A.S. ("Moody's") are credit rating agencies which 
are established in the European Community and have been registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as subsequently amended and supplemented) (the "CRA"). As such, S&P, Fitch and Moody's are 
included in the latest list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its website in accordance with the CRA – see www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/creditrating-agencies/risk.

--- Page 172 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 170 - 
47-41025581 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Principal categories of products sold and/or services provided 
As provided in Article 3 of the company’s Articles of Association, the purpose of the company is to raise funds 
and provide credit in any of the forms permitted, especially medium- and long-term credit to corporates. 
In complying with the regulatory provisions in force, the company may perform all banking, financial and 
brokerage operations and services, and any other operation instrumental or otherwise related to the achievement 
of its corporate purpose. 
The Mediobanca Group’s activities  are segmented as follows: 
 
Wealth Management (WM): this division brings together all asset management activities provided to 
clients in the following segments: 
 
Affluent & Premier, served by CheBanca!; 
 
Private & HNWI, served in Italy by Mediobanca Private Banking, and in the Principality of 
Monaco by CMB Monaco, including fiduciary activities performed by Spafid, Spafid Family 
Office SIM and Spafid Trust; 
 
Asset Management, the principal entities in which are the product factories Cairn Capital 
(Alternative AM), RAM Active Investments (Alternative AM), Mediobanca Management 
Company, Mediobanca SGR, and, since September 2021, also Bybrook Capital LLP, an 
alternative asset manager focused on the European non performing loans market. 
 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB): this division brings together all services provided to corporate 
clients: 
 
Wholesale Banking (WB): Client Business (lending, advisory, and capital market activities) and 
proprietary trading performed by Mediobanca, Mediobanca International, Mediobanca 
Securities and Messier & Associés; 
 
Specialty Finance, which comprises factoring and credit management (including the acquisition 
and management of NPL portfolios) performed by MBFACTA, MBCredit Solutions and the 
newly-established MBContact Solutions. 
 
Consumer Banking (CB): this division provides retail clients with the full range of consumer credit 
products, ranging from personal loans to salary-backed finance (Compass). This division also includes 
Compass RE, which reinsures the risks linked to insurance policies sold to clients, Compass Rent, which 
provides finance for hiring moveable assets (used cars in particular), and the newly-established Compass 
Link (network of agents); 
 
Principal Investing (PI): this division administers the Group’s portfolio of equity investments and 
holdings, in particular the stake in Assicurazioni Generali; 
 
Holding Functions: this division comprises SelmaBipiemme Leasing, MIS, Spafid Connect and 
Ricerche e Studi plus the share of the costs of the central Group function such as Group’s Treasury and 
ALM (with the aim of optimizing liquidity management on a consolidated basis, including the securities 
held as part of the banking book), the costs of the central Group functions such as operations, support 
units (Planning and Financial Reporting, Corporate Affairs, Investor Relations, etc.), senior management 
and the control units (Risk Management, Group Audit and Compliance) not attributable to business lines. 
As at 30 June 2021, Mediobanca had a market capitalization of approx. €8.7bn. 
Consolidated financial data as at 30/06/2021

--- Page 173 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 171 - 
47-41025581 
 
Profit and loss account 
(€m) 
Wealth 
Management 
Consumer 
Banking 
Corporate & 
Investment 
Banking 
Principal 
investing 
Holding 
Functions 
Group 
Net interest income 
281.1 
878.8 
286.9 
-7.1 
-47.4 
1,415.0 
Total income 
627.3 
1,001.8 
698.2 
295.3 
21.9 
2,628.4 
Profit before tax 
142.6 
414.8 
434.3 
342.5 
-231.9 
1,104.3 
Net profit 
100.2 
278.9 
284.5 
308.6 
-166.1 
807.6 
* 
Source: Mediobanca audited consolidated annual financial statement as at and for the year ended on 30 June 2021. 
Affluent & Premier – CheBanca! 
Mediobanca operates in wealth management with Affluent & Premier clients through its subsidiary CheBanca!. 
This subsidiary, launched in 2008, effectively served as retail deposit gatherer for the Mediobanca Group 
throughout the financial crisis. Since 2016 it has developed a distribution model based on strong investments in 
technology and innovation and an advisory-based approach which has enabled the company to become a 
recognized, high-growth operator in its reference market, with client TFAs which currently total €32.5bn. 
Today CheBanca! is distinguished by its: 
 
High brand recognition; 
 
Effective, innovative multi-channel distribution (internet, 205 own branches/POS, 465 FAs and 486 
relationship managers); 
 
Substantial customer base (approx. 895,000 clients); 
 
Strong commercial results: €16.9bn in deposits, €15.6bn in AUM, and a loan book of €11.1bn in 
mortgage lending. 
At 30 June 2021, the company employed a total of 1,461 staff. 
Private & HNWIs 
The product/service offering to clients is split between: 
 
MB Private Banking offers private banking services through its 84 bankers and nine branch offices, 
working to help develop asset management activities in synergy with the mid-cap platform. The 
Mediobanca Private Banking product offering for high net worth clients includes portfolio management, 
advisory and financing services. Independence, operational autonomy, focus on private investment 
banking activities, and excellence and quality of service, are the hallmarks of a bank which has approx. 
€18bn in assets under management at its branches in Bergamo, Bologna, Brescia, Florence, Genoa, Milan, 
Padua, Rome, Turin and Treviso. 
 
CMB Monaco (“CMB”) is 100%-owned by Mediobanca. CMB, a market leader in the private banking 
sector in the Principality of Monaco, has assets under management of approximately €12bn. Its 
geographical position, indepth knowledge of markets and absolute independence make it a player of 
primary importance, able to provide exclusive services to its clientele, ranging from loans to asset 
management. 
 
Spafid, 100%-owned by Mediobanca, this company provides fiduciary administration services for equity 
investments, stock market investments and fiduciary services for issuers. 
MB Asset Management 
The product factories forming part of the Wealth Management division include Cairn Capital, RAM Active 
Investments and MB SGR.

--- Page 174 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 172 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
Cairn Capital, a 51% stake in which was completed in December 2015 (the percentage stake currently 
owned is 85.1%), is an asset manager and advisor based in London, specializing in credit products. 
During the month of September 2021, Cairn Capital has extended its offered product range in the 
alternative credit sector by acquiring Bybrook Capital, an asset manager based in London and specialized 
in managing non performing loans. 
 
RAM Active Investments, a 69% stake in which was acquired in March 2018 (the percentage is now 
94.7%), is one of the leading European systematic asset managers, offering a wide selection of alternative 
funds to a vast range of institutional and professional investors. 
 
Mediobanca SGR, set up in 2017 following the merger of Banca Esperia into Mediobanca S.p.A., plays 
a key role in defining investment strategies and developing innovative products for the Group’s networks. 
Consumer Credit – Compass Banca (Compass) 
Mediobanca has operated in the consumer credit sector since the 1960s through its subsidiary Compass. Compass 
today is one of the leading consumer credit operators on the Italian market, with a market share of approx. 10% 
that reaches 13% in the personal loans sector. 
Compass offers products (including personal loans, special purpose loans for acquisition of consumer durable 
goods, credit cards and salary-backed finance), using a highly diversified distribution network consisting of 179 
own branches, branches run by agents (52) and Compass Quinto branches (48), distribution agreements with 
banking partners and retailers (including BancoPosta). 
In the financial year ended 30 June 2021, Compass reported a loan book of approx. €13bn and a headcount of 
1,446 staff. 
Wholesale Banking 
Mediobanca seeks to provide its corporate clients with advisory services and financial services to help them grow 
and develop. 
The Wholesale Banking Division is divided into: Client Business and Proprietary Trading. 
Client Business includes three different areas: Investment Banking, Debt Division, and Market Division. 
1. 
Investment Banking 
Corporate finance 
Mediobanca is a leader in Italy, and has an increasingly significant role at the European level in financial advisory 
services through its branch offices in London, Paris and Madrid, and through Messier & Associés, in which it 
holds an 83.1% stake. A client-based approach is adopted, backed by indepth knowledge of the financial issues 
and a consolidated track record in executing deals. The operating unit is organized into different industry teams 
covering individual industries to provide more effective specialization. 
Corporate finance is structured into the following activities: 
 
Defining strategic objectives for companies and identifying extraordinary financing transactions in order 
to help meet them; 
 
Extraordinary financing transactions: mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and partnerships, disposals 
and spinoffs; 
 
Liability restructuring: earnings/financial analysis of companies/groups undergoing restructuring; 
working out financial rebalancing scenarios; negotiating with key creditors; 
 
Corporate restructuring: LBOs, MBOs, spinoffs and tax-/inheritance-related issues;

--- Page 175 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 173 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
Company valuations, on a standalone basis and for purposes of setting exchange ratios; 
 
Relations with authorities: assistance in handling relations with market authorities, primarily Consob and 
Borsa Italiana. 
Messier & Associés 
Founded at the end of 2010, Messier & Associés is now one of the three leading corporate finance boutiques in 
France, with a loyal client base at both national and international level. 
MA specializes in M&A advisory services, which it provides to large and mid-cap clients, and in financial 
sponsors activity. The company also performs debt and capital advisory and debt restructuring activities. 
Headquartered in Paris, it has offices in New York and employs around 40 staff. 
2. 
Equity capital markets 
Mediobanca is the Italian leader and has a role of increasing importance internationally in structuring, coordinating 
and executing equity capital markets transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, secondary offerings and ABOs, and 
bonds convertible into equity solutions (equity derivatives to manage investments and treasury shares): this unit 
structures and implements extraordinary financing transactions involving equity investments and treasury shares; 
using a dedicated trading platform, the team offers customers innovative, high value-added solutions, and also 
handles any legal, accounting, tax and regulatory issues. 
Debt Division 
Lending & Structured Finance 
The Financing teams serve Mediobanca’s Italian and international customers, through the branch offices located 
in Paris, London and Madrid, to offer: 
 
Advice in evaluating possible capital structures and financing solutions available from among a vast 
series of debt products, including considering possible implications in terms of rating; 
 
Structuring and executing lending transactions; 
 
Access to the international syndicated loans market; 
 
Facility and security agent services for corporate and structured lending transactions. 
The principal Lending & Structured Finance area products are: 
 
Corporate lending (bilateral loans, club deals and syndicated loans): corporate loans aimed at 
supporting customers’ financial requirements generated by investments or related to their companies’ 
growth; the financial solutions offered are aimed primarily at medium-/large-sized firms operating on 
domestic and international markets, in industrial and service-based sectors. 
 
Structured finance (acquisition finance, loans for LBOs/MBOs, project finance, infrastructure finance, 
real estate finance): financial support to corporate counterparties and institutional investors as part of 
leveraged transactions to acquire stakes in listed and unlisted companies; a wide range of lending 
transactions are developed, arranged, structured, underwritten and executed based on complex structures, 
and because of their size these are often syndicated on the international market. On the back of its solid 
track record in various sectors, customers are provided with advisory services covering the entire process 
of structuring deals to support investment and infrastructure or industrial projects, including offering 
strategies, selection of the most effective debt instruments, hedging strategies, financial modelling and 
structuring contracts. 
Mediobanca International

--- Page 176 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 174 - 
47-41025581 
 
Mediobanca International is mainly focused on lending operations to companies in the following forms: corporate 
lending (bilateral loans, club deals, and syndicated facilities) and structured finance (acquisition finance, 
LBO/MBO loans, project finance, infrastructure finance, real estate finance). These uses are financed from 
funding raised on international markets via specific programmes (Notes, Structured Notes, Certificates, Warrants, 
Euro Commercial Tradable Papers, Euro Commercial Papers), short- and medium-term, mostly guaranteed by 
parent company Mediobanca S.p.A. 
3. 
Debt Capital Markets 
The debt capital market team manages the origination, structuring, execution and placement of bond issues 
(corporates and financials), covered bonds, and securitizations, seeking to meet its clients’ needs for financing. 
Market division 
Mediobanca operates on the secondary markets, trading equities and fixed-income securities, foreign exchange 
products and credit risk, interest rate and exchange rate derivatives.  
The division’s activities are divided into the following areas: 
 
CMS: this area structures solutions based on interest rates, credit and alternative products; it targets 
corporate clients, banks and institutional investors who need to restructure their investment portfolios, 
increase asset liquidity and diversify their sources of funding. Advisory services and structuring ad hoc 
solutions for alternative investments targets institutional investors; 
 
Equity derivatives institutional marketing: a range of equity-linked investments are offered to banks, 
insurances, asset managers and family offices, from synthetic replications of simple underlying assets to 
sophisticated protection mechanisms and solutions for increasing the return on portfolios, funded or 
unfunded; 
 
MB Securities: this is Mediobanca’s equity brokerage division, offering global access to equity markets 
and research on the Italian market (over 100 companies are covered), plus a pan-European focus on the 
financial sector (banks and insurances); a dedicated team also offers corporate broking services. 
4. 
Proprietary trading 
Proprietary trading is carried out by two units: 
 
Trading portfolio (HFT Credit, HFT Fixed income, xVA, Global Macro): responsible for trading 
bond portfolios and centralized management Cross Value Adjustments, providing support to both 
Strategic Portfolio & ALM and to the other Group legal entities; 
 
Equity & Derivatives Trading: responsible for the Bank’s trading activities in various equity market 
products (equities and derivatives). 
5. 
Specialty Finance 
Specialty Finance activities include managing and financing credit and working capital. Factoring activities are 
managed by MBFACTA and credit management operations by MBCredit Solutions. 
 
MBCredit Solutions has for many years performed credit recovery activities (on behalf of the Group 
companies and third parties) and NPL portfolio acquisitions. 
 
MBFACTA provides trade receivables sale and discount services (with and without recourse, maturity, 
supply credit) to refinance corporate working capital. As well as the financial benefits, this service can 
also include an insurance component (guarantee against insolvency or delays in payments) and/or a 
management component (portfolio management, accounting, collection and recovery). The factoring 
platform’s factoring offering will be tailored specifically to developing the Mid Corporate segment in 
synergy with the other services offered by CIB to this category of firm.

--- Page 177 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 175 - 
47-41025581 
 
Principal investing 
The Principal Investing division consists primarily of the Bank’s investment in Assicurazioni Generali which is 
consolidated using the equity method. The value option which the investment represents for the Group is in terms 
of available, liquid resources that can be activated in the event of growth acquisitions materializing. 
Principal Investing also includes the funds invested by the Mediobanca Group in the seed capital of the alternative 
funds managed by the asset management companies. 
Company 
Sector 
% of share capital 
Book value as at 30/06/2021 
 
 
 
€m 
Assicurazioni Generali 
Insurance 
12.87% 
3,663.1 
Leasing 
Mediobanca owns a direct 60% stake in SelmaBipiemme Leasing, with the other 40% held by the Banca Popolare 
di Milano. The group operates in financial leasing. 
Treasury 
The Group’s Treasury and ALM units are centralised at parent company level with the objective of optimizing 
funding and liquidity management. The Group Funding division is responsible for the Group’s funding through 
all available means (deposits, securitizations, investments). With regards to the issuing of securities, the Group 
Funding division is responsible for the structuring, issuing and placing debt products, the proceeds from which 
are used to finance the Bank’s activities. Funding operations, supported by Mediobanca’s high credit rating, take 
the form primarily of the issuance of securities, both plain vanilla and structured. Securities are placed with retail 
investors through public offerings (implemented via the proprietary network of the Wealth Management 
companies), through individual third-party banking networks (either on an exclusive basis or via groups of banks 
operating as syndicates), and direct sales on the MOT bond market operated by Borsa Italiana. Demand from 
institutional investors is met via public offerings of securities on the Euromarket and by private placements of 
bespoke products tailored to meet the investor’s specific requirements. 
New products or new activities 
Without prejudice to the contents hereof (section 5.1), no significant new products and/or services have been 
introduced that are worth being recorded or disclosed publicly. 
Principal markets 
The Mediobanca Group’s activities are principally focused on the domestic market (from a geographical 
standpoint Italy accounts for approx. 80% of the Group’s loan book). In particular: 
 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB): in WB, half the revenues and loan book is originated by the 
Italian market, the other half by other countries (notably France, Spain and the United Kingdom); while 
Specialty Finance activities are focused on the domestic Italian market. The division employs some 635 
staff, around 143 of whom are based outside Italy; 
 
Consumer Banking: activities focus exclusively on the Italian market, and employ approx. 1,446 staff at 
279 branches/agencies; 
 
Wealth Management (WM): this division’s activity is focused primarily on the Italian market, with the 
exception of CMB (which operates in the Principality of Monaco), RAM AI (which operates throughout 
Europe from its headquarters in Switzerland), and Cairn Capital and Bybrook (which operate in the 
United Kingdom); and employs 2,037 staff, with approx. 1,100 FAs/relationship managers, and 117 
branches;

--- Page 178 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 176 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
Leasing activities chiefly target the domestic market. 
With reference to other markets, the agreement on future relations between, the United Kingdom and the European 
Union, was signed on 30 December 2020. The European Parliament is expected to ratify the deal in the early 
months of 2021, but came into force provisionally 1 January 2021 as authorized by the European Council. For 
financial services, the agreement does not provide for any broader reciprocal access to markets than the 
agreements which the EU has entered into with other commercial partners. At end-March 2021, the EU and the 
United Kingdom executed a Memorandum of Understanding establishing a framework for Financial Services 
Regulatory Co-operation by 31 March 2021, which does not replace the banking and financial services passporting 
arrangements. 
Mediobanca currently operates in the United Kingdom, both at its London branch office and cross-border, under 
the Temporary Permissions Regime (TPR) permitted by the Financial Conduct Authority, which allows the Bank 
to continue to perform its current activities as though it were formally authorized. The Bank is expected to start 
the formal process in order to receive its own authorization to operate in the United Kingdom as a third country 
branch from the Financial Conduct Authority before year-end 2022. Mediobanca has also undertaken a series of 
initiatives, in accordance with the ECB guidance, to address the issue of no longer being allowed to serve EU 
clients from the United Kingdom. These have included transferring some front office staff members (including 
some considered as key function holders) from the London branch offices to other offices located within the EU 
(15 in total in the course of 2020). There are still some areas of uncertainty, however, regarding the application of 
some of the market regulations (e.g. on shares/derivatives trading obligations), for which specific solutions have 
been adopted in order to ensure that the new rules are complied with. The total number of staff employed by the 
London branch, which was 89 as at 30 June 2020, had declined to 76 by 31 December 2020 and 73 at 30 June 
2021. It should be emphasized that the Group’s activities in the United Kingdom continue to be relatively minor 
(accounting for approx. 3% of its total revenues. 
As far as regards UK-based Group company Cairn Capital, the company has delegated management of its funds 
to an Ireland-based fund manager (Carne Global Fund Managers Ireland Limited), which in turn has sub-delegated 
management back to Cairn Capital itself. Cairn Capital will therefore continue to handle the investment strategies 
and portfolio management for the funds. The marketing activity for the funds, though, will be performed by a 
company in the process of being set up to be owned by Cairn Capital.

--- Page 179 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 177 - 
47-41025581 
 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Description of organizational structure of group headed up by Mediobanca 
Mediobanca is the parent company of the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
The Mediobanca Group is registered as a banking group in the register instituted by the Bank of Italy. 
The following diagram illustrates the structure of the Mediobanca Group as at the date hereof. 
 
MEDIOBANCA 
HOLDING FUNCTIONS 
 
‒
100% MB FUNDING LUX 
‒
99,99% MEDIOBANCA 
INNOVATION SERVICES  
‒
100% SPAFID CONNECT   
‒
60% SELMABIPIEMME 
LEASING 
Direction costs/ALM/Treasury 
100% RICERCHE E STUDI 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
 
 
‒
100% MEDIOBANCA 
INTERNATIONAL 
IMMOBILIERE 
 
 
 
‒
50% MESSIER MARIS & 
ASSOCIATES (USA) 
99% MEDIOBANCA 
INTERNATIONAL 
100% MBFACTA 
66,4% MESSIER MARIS  
& ASSOCIES 
100% MB SECURITIES USA 
100% MB CREDIT 
SOLUTIONS 
WEALTH MANAGEMENT 
 
 
‒
90% MEDIOBANCA 
COVERED BOND 
 
 
 
‒
99,9% CMG COMPAGNIE 
MONEGASQUE DE GESTION 
‒
99.9% CMB ASSET 
MANAGEMENT  
 
‒
100% SPAFID FAMILY 
OFFICE SIM 
‒
100% SPAFID TRUST 
 
 
 
 
‒
100% RAM ACTIVE 
INVESTMENTS (LUX) 
 
‒
100% CAIRN CAPITAL 
Retail Banking 
100% CHEBANCA! 
Private Banking 
100% COMPAGNIE 
MONEGASQUE DE BANQUE 
100% SPAFID 
100% MEDIOBANCA SGR 
100% MEDIOBANCA 
MANAGEMENT Co. 
69% RAM ACTIVE 
INVESTMENTS 
75.6% CAIRN CAPITAL 
GROUP 
CONSUMER BANKING 
 
‒
100% FUTURO 
‒
90% QUARZO CQS 
‒
90% QUARZO   
‒
100% COMPASS RE 
100% COMPASS BANCA  
Belonging 
to 
the 
Mediobanca’s Group 
100% controlled by 
COMPASS BANCA

--- Page 180 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 178 - 
47-41025581 
 
Subsidiaries and main investee companies 
A list of the main Group companies included in the area of consolidation for the consolidated financial statements 
as at the date of this document is shown below: 
Group companies 
COMPASS Banca S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
CHEBANCA! S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
SELMABIPIEMME LEASING S.p.A. 
Italy 
60% 
(dir.) 
CMB Monaco S.A.M. 
Principality 
of 
Monaco 
99,998% 
(dir.) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) 
S.A.* 
Luxembourg 
100%1 
(dir.) 
SPAFID S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
SPAFID TRUST S.r.l. 
Italy 
100% 
(indir.) 
SPAFID CONNECT S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(indir.) 
MEDIOBANCA SECURITIES USA LLC 
United States of 
America 
100% 
(dir.) 
MEDIOBANCA SGR S.P.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
MEDIOBANCA MANAGEMENT COMPANY S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir.) 
MBCREDIT SOLUTIONS S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(indir.) 
MEDIOBANCA INNOVATION SERVICES S.C.P.A 
Italy 
99.9% 
(dir.) 
MBFACTA S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
QUARZO S.r.l. 
Italy 
90%1 
(indir.) 
QUARZO CQS S.r.l. 
Italy 
90%2 
(indir.) 
Mediobanca COVERED BOND S.r.l. 
Italy 
90%3 
(indir.) 
C.M.B. ASSET MANAGEMENT S.A.M. 
Principality 
of 
Monaco 
99.402%4 
(indir.) 
C.M.G. COMP. MONEG. D.G. S.A.M. 
Principality 
of 
Monaco 
99.892%5 
(indir.) 
COMPASS RE S.A.** 
Luxembourg 
100%6 
(indir.) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL IMMOBILIERE 
S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100%7 
(indir.) 
 
1 Equity investment held by Compass Banca S.p.A. 
2 Equity investment held by Compass Banca S.p.A. 
3 Equity investment held by CheBanca! S.p.A.. 
4 Equity investment held by CMB S.A. 
5 Equity investment held by CMB S.A. 
6 Equity investment held by Compass Banca S.p.A.. 
7 Equity investment held by Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A..

--- Page 181 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 179 - 
47-41025581 
 
Group companies 
CAIRN CAPITAL GROUP Ltd. 
United Kingdom 
64,58%*** 
(dir.) 
CAIRN CAPITAL Ltd. 
United Kingdom 
64,58%8*** 
(indir.) 
CAIRN CAPITAL NORTH AMERICA Inc.  
(inactive) 
United States 
64,58%9*** 
(indir.) 
CAIRN FINANCIAL GUARANTEE Ltd.  
(inactive) 
United Kingdom 
64,58%10*** 
(indir.) 
CAIRN CAPITAL INVESTMENTS Ltd.  
(not operative) 
United Kingdom 
64,58%11*** 
(indir.) 
CAIRN INVESTMENTS MANAGERS Ltd.  
(inactive) 
United Kingdom 
64,58%12*** 
(indir.) 
MB FUNDING LUX S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir.) 
SPAFID FAMILY OFFICE SIM S.p.A. 
Italy 
100%13 
(indir.) 
RAM Active Investments S.A. 
Switzerland 
91,70**** 
(dir) 
RAM ACTIVE INVESTMENTS (EUROPE)  
Luxembourg 
91,70%14**** 
(ind) 
MESSIER & ASSOCIES S.A.S. 
France 
80,61%***** 
(dir) 
MESSIER  & ASSOCIES LLC. 
United States of 
America 
40,305%15***** 
(indir) 
MBCONTACT SOLUTIONS S.r.l.**  
Italy 
100%16 
(indir) 
COMPASS RENT S.r.l.** 
Italy 
100%1 
(indir) 
COMPASS LINK s.r.l. 
Italy 
100%1 
(indir) 
Bybrook Capital Management Limited 
Grand Cayman  
64,58%5 
(indir) 
Bybrook Capital LLP 
United States of 
America 
64,58%17 
(indir) 
Bybrook Capital Services Limited 
United Kingdom 
64,58%9 
(indir) 
Bybrook Capital Badminton Fund Limited 
Grand Cayman 
64,58%9 
(indir) 
Bybrook Capital Burton Partnership Limited 
Grand Cayman 
64,58%9 
(indir) 
Bybrook Capital Fund Limited 
Grand Cayman 
64,58%9 
(indir) 
Bybrook Capital LLC 
United States of 
America 
64,58%9 
(indir) 
Bybrook Capital LP 
United States of 
America 
64,58%9 
(indir) 
 
Forecasts or estimates of profits 
 
8 Equity investment held by Cairn Capital Group Ltd. 
9 Equity investment held by Cairn Capital Group Ltd. 
10 Equity investment held by Cairn Capital Group Ltd. 
11 Equity investment held by Cairn Capital Group Ltd. 
12 Equity investment held by Cairn Capital Group Ltd. 
13 Equity investment held by Spafid S.p.A. 
14 Equity investment held by RAM Active Investment S.A. 
15 Equity investment held by Messier & Associes S.A.S. 
16 Equity investment held by MBCredit Solutions S.p.A. 
17 Equity investment held by Bybrook Capital Management Limited 
*Does not belong to the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
** Of which 1% shares of Compass 
*** The consolidated percentage rises to 89.07% if the agreements relating to the put&call option entered into at the time of acquisition are taken into account. 
**** The consolidated percentage rises to 98.3% if agreements relating to the put&call option entered into at the time of acquisition are taken into account. 
***** The consolidated percentage rises to 100% if the agreements relating to the put&call option entered into at the time of acquisition are taken into account.

--- Page 182 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 180 - 
47-41025581 
 
No profit forecasts or estimates have been made in the Base Prospectus. 
Information on recent trends 
No material adverse changes have taken place in Mediobanca’s or the Group’s prospects since the consolidated 
financial statements as at 30 June 2021; 
No material adverse changes have taken place in the financial results of Mediobanca and the Mediobanca Group 
since the most recent consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2021. 
Information on trends, uncertainties, requests, commitments or known facts which could reasonably be 
expected to have material repercussions on the Issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial year 
Mediobanca is not aware of any information on trends, uncertainties, requests, commitments or facts known which 
could reasonably have significant repercussions on Mediobanca’s prospects for the current financial year. 
A deterioration in the medical situation due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the removal of government support 
measures, the ineffectiveness of the vaccination plan, as well as the evolution of virus variants, could impact 
further on the economic, social and financial situation in Italy and hence on the credit quality, capitalization and 
earnings of the Issuer which operates primarily on the Italian market. 
Mediobanca is committed to executing the strategic and operating guidelines of its 2019-23 Strategic Plan, 
confirming the intention to optimize capital, with the objective of restoring the CET1 ratio to 13.5% by end-June 
2023, including through share buybacks and acquisitions to strengthen the business lines. 
BODIES RESPONSIBLE FOR GOVERNANCE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISION 
Information on bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision 
Information on the Bank’s bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision is provided below, as 
updated following the Annual General Meeting held on 28 October 2020. 
Changes in the composition of the governing bodies and other information related to them are published from 
time to time on the Issuer’s website in the relevant section https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-
governance/index.html, without prejudice to the obligations set out under 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Board of Directors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors, appointed on 28 October 2020 for the 2021, 2022 
and 2023 financial years until the date on which the financial statements as at 30 June 2023 will be approved, is 
made up of fifteen members, eleven of whom qualify as independent under Article 148, paragraph 3 of Italian 
Legislative Decree 58/98, eight of which eleven also qualify as independent under Article 19 of the company’s 
Articles of Association (the requisites for which definition are substantially aligned with those of the voluntary 
code of corporate governance issued by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the “Code of Conduct”) in respect of listed 
companies). Its composition also reflects the legal requirements in terms of gender balance. 
Composition of Board of Directors 
Name 
Post held 
Place 
and 
date  
of birth 
Term of 
office expires 
 
Independence 
Principal activities performed outside the 
Issuer 
Renato Pagliaro2 Chairman 
Milan, 20/2/57 
28/10/23 
 
Director, Istituto Europeo di Oncologia 
Maurizia Angelo 
Comneno1 
Deputy 
Chairman 
Rome, 18/6/48 
28/10/23 
b) 
- 
Alberto 
Nagel12 
CEO 
Milan, 7/6/65 
28/10/23 
 
- 
Virginie Banet 
Director 
Neuilly sur Seine 
18/01/66 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Chairman, lolite,  
Financial Consulting;  
Director, Netgem  
Director, Vallourec

--- Page 183 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 181 - 
47-41025581 
 
Name 
Post held 
Place 
and 
date  
of birth 
Term of 
office expires 
 
Independence 
Principal activities performed outside the 
Issuer 
Francesco 
Saverio Vinci12 
General 
Manager 
 
Milan, 10/11/62 
28/10/23 
 
- 
Maurizio 
Carfagna 
Director 
Milan, 13/11/47 
28/10/23 
a)  
b) 
Director, FingProg Italia  
Director, Futura Invest 
Director, Istituto Europeo di Oncologia 
Laura Cioli 
Director 
Macerata 10/07/63 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Brembo 
Director, Sofina 
Director, Autogrill 
Maurizio Costa 
Director 
Pavia, 29/10/ 48 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Amplifon 
Angela Gamba 
Director 
Palazzolo sull'Oglio 
(BS), 15/8/70 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Edison 
Director, FPS Investments S.r.l. 
Director, Medical Technology and Devices 
SA 
Valérie 
Hortefeux 
Director 
Aulnay 
(France), 
14/12/67 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Blue Solutions 
Director, Ramsay – Générale de Santé 
Director, Socfinasia 
Director, Financierie de L’Odet 
Maximo Ibarra 
Director 
Calì 
(Colombia), 
13/12/68 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
CEO, Engineering 
Alberto Lupoi 
Director 
Rome, 29/03/70 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
- 
Elisabetta 
Magistretti 
Director 
Busto Arsizio, 
21/7/47 
28/10/23 
b) 
Director, Brembo 
Director, Smeg 
Vittorio Pignatti-
Morano 
Director 
Rome, 14/9/57 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Trilantic Capital Management GP 
Director, Trilantic Capital Partners 
Management 
Director, Trilantic Capital Partners V 
Management 
Director, Ocean Ring Jersey Co 
Director, Ocean Trade Lux Co 
Director, ICS Maugeri 
Director, Edizione 
Gabriele Villa1 
Director 
Milan, 18/6/64 
28/10/23 
b) 
Standing Auditor, Edison 
Standing Auditor, Italmobiliare 
1 Member of Executive Committee. 
2 Member of Mediobanca senior management 
a) Qualifies as independent pursuant to Article 19 of the company’s Articles of Association. 
b) Qualifies as independent pursuant to Article 148, para. 3 of the Italian Finance Act. 
All Board members are in possession of the requisites to hold such office set by the regulations in force at the 
time. 
The address for all members of the Board of Directors for the duties they discharge is: Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1, 
20121, Milan, Italy. 
Statutory Audit Committee 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Statutory Audit Committee, appointed on 28 October 2020 for the 2021, 
2022 and 2023 financial years until the date on which the financial statements as at 30 June 2021 will be approved, 
is made up of three Standing Auditors and two Alternate Auditors.

--- Page 184 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 182 - 
47-41025581 
 
Composition of Statutory Audit Committee: 
Name 
Post held 
Place and date 
of birth 
Term 
expires 
Principal activities performed outside 
the Issuer as significant with respect to 
the Issuer 
Francesco di Carlo 
Chairman 
Milan, 04/10/69 
28/10/23 
Director, Milano Investment Partners 
SGR 
Standing Auditor, 
Italiaonline 
Elena Pagnoni 
Standing 
Auditor 
Colleferro 
(Rome), 10/05/63 
28/10/23 
- 
Ambrogio Virgilio 
Standing 
Auditor 
Bari, 05/01/56 
28/10/23 
- 
Marcello Caradonna 
Alternate 
Auditor 
Stornara (FG), 
22/05/59 
28/10/23 
Chair, Statutory Audit Committee, 
College of Auditors CTI, ATS 
MilanoCorneliani and OTS 
Standing Auditor, ENI 
Standing Auditor 
Covercare and Nuova 
Corneliani 
Independent Director, Integrae SIM 
Director, FNM 
Roberto Moro 
Alternate 
Auditor 
Milan, 04/03/65 
28/10/23 
Chair, Statutory Audit Committee, IRE 
HoldingDigital Value, DV 
Holding, ITD Solutions 
and Pirelli Tyre 
Standing Auditor, Antas, ASM Energia, 
Energean international, 
Energean Italy, Energean 
Sicilia, Energean Wave, 
Italware, Fidiger 
Sole Statutory Auditor, Compass Link, 
Compass Rent, MBContact Solutions, 
Quarzo and Spafid 
Stefano Sarubbi 
Alternate 
Auditor 
Milan, 06/12/65 
28/10/23 
Chair, Statutory Audit Committee,  
Coca Cola Italy 
Chair, Statutory Audit Committee, 
Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane – Inwiit, 
Director Sigmagest, 
CEO, Sigmagest and Chair, Statutory 
Audit Committee, Acque Minerali, 
Chair, Statutory Audit 
Committee, Destination 
Italia 
Director, Manifatture 
Sigaro Toscano 
All Statutory Audit Committee members are in possession of the requisites to hold such office by law, in terms of 
fitness, professional qualifications and independence; and are all registered as auditors. 
The address for all members of the Statutory Audit Committee for the duties they discharge is: Piazzetta E. Cuccia 
1, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
Conflicts of interest among bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision 
A ban was instituted pursuant to Article 36 of Italian Decree Law 201/11, as converted into Italian Law 214/11, 
on representatives of banks, insurers and financial companies from holding positions in companies which operate 
in the same sectors. Each year the Board of Directors assesses the positions of the individual directors, which may 
have changed as a result of changes in the activities or size of the other companies in which they hold posts. To 
this end, each director, including in order to avoid potential conflict of interest, shall inform the Board of any 
changes in the positions assumed by them in the course of their term of office.

--- Page 185 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 183 - 
47-41025581 
 
Mediobanca also adopts the procedure recommended under Article 136 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act 
for approval of transactions involving individuals who perform duties of management and control in other 
companies controlled by such parties. 
Members of the bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision are also required to comply with 
the following provisions: 
 
Article 53 of the Italian Banking Act and implementing regulations enacted by the Bank of Italy, in 
particular the supervisory provisions on links with related parties; 
 
Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code (Directors’ Interests); 
 
Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code (Transactions with Related Parties) ) and the Consob 
implementing regulations, in particular the Regulations on Transactions with Related Parties approved 
under resolution no. 17221 of 12 March 2010. 
Transactions with “related parties” are described in part H of the financial statements for the twelve months ended 
30 June 2021. 
Mediobanca and its governing bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to ensure compliance with 
the provisions referred to above. 
Main Shareholders 
Information on ownership structure 
No party controls Mediobanca according to the definition provided in Article 93 of the Italian Banking Act. 
Based on the shareholders’ register and publicly available information as at 29 November 2021, the following 
individuals and entities own directly or indirectly financial instruments representing share capital with voting 
rights in excess of 3% of the company’s share capital, directly or indirectly, are listed below: 
Shareholder 
% of share capital 
Leonardo Del Vecchio (1) 
18.90% 
BlackRock group (2) 
3.98% 
Bank of Montreal (3) 
3.54% 
Mediolanumgroup  
3.28% 
Francesco Gaetano Caltagirone (4) 
3.04 
(1) Indirect participation held via Delfin SARL. 
(2) BlackRock Inc. (NY), through fifteen asset management subsidiaries (form 120 B of 6 August 2020), of which 0.69% potential holding and 
0.13% other long positions with cash settlement. 
(3) Investment held directly and indirectly as borrower (non-discretionary asset management). 
(4) Indirect participation %) 
For completeness, the Issuer holds owns shares for an amount equal to 2.8% of its share capital. 
Updates relating to information on the main shareholders are published from time to time on the Issuer’s website 
www.mediobanca.com in the relevant section https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/main-
shareholders/main-shareholders.html, without prejudice to the obligations set forth in Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation regarding the possible drafting of a supplement. 
Shareholders’ Agreement 
On 20 December 2018, certain shareholders of Mediobanca representing, as at the date herof, approximately 12.08% 
of the share capital of the Issuer entered into a prior consultation shareholders' agreement (the "Shareholders' 
Agreement") pursuant to Article 122 of the Financial Services Act and the Consob resolution No. 11971 of 14

--- Page 186 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 184 - 
47-41025581 
 
May 1999, as subsequently amended. The main shareholders include the Mediolanum Group, Schematrentatre 
(Edizione)18, Fininvest, Fin.Priv., Monge & C. S.p.A., Gavio Group, Ferrero Group, for a total of 20 shareholders. 
Such Shareholders' Agreement is effective from 1 January 2019, will expire on 31 December 2024 and is 
automatically renewed for 3-year periods among the participants who did not give notice of termination at least 3 
months before the original or extended expiry date. No provision is made in the Shareholders' Agreement for 
commitments in terms of lock-up or votes in respect of the shares syndicated to it.  
Information 
on 
the 
Shareholders’ 
Agreement 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/main-shareholders/shareholder-consultation-
agreement.html.  
Agreements the performance of which may result in a change of control subsequent to the date hereof 
Mediobanca is not aware of any agreements aimed at bringing about future changes regarding the ownership 
structure of Mediobanca. 
AUDITORS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
External auditors and auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements 
At the annual general meeting held on 27 October 2012, the shareholders of Mediobanca appointed 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. to audit the Bank’s separate and consolidated full-year and interim financial 
statements up to and including the financial year ending 30 June 2021. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. a company with its registered offices in Piazza Tre Torri 2, Milan, Italy, has 
audited the separate and consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca as at 30 June 2020 and as at 30 June 
2019. PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A is registered under No. 119644 in the Register of Accounting Auditors 
(Registro dei Revisori Legali) maintained by MEF (Ministero dell'Economia e delle Finanze) in compliance with 
the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010, as amended. 
Information regarding resignations, dismissals or failures to renew the appointment of the external 
auditors or the auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no information about any resignation, revocation or non-renewal of 
the engagement of the external auditors or the auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements. 
On 28 October 2020, the Shareholders’ Meeting of Mediobanca, at the proposal of the Board of Statutory Auditors, 
appointed the auditing firm Ernst & Young to audit the accounts for the financial years from 30 June 2022 to 30 
June 2030. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the proceedings involving Mediobanca and its consolidated 
subsidiaries may have, or have had in the recent past, a material impact on the Group’s financial position or 
profitability, and as far as Mediobanca is aware, no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which 
may have such material impact has either been announced or is pending. 
A description of the main tax disputes and litigation pending is provided below, purely for information purposes: 
Litigation pending and tax disputes 
Civil Proceedings - Claim for damages  
Among the most significant legal proceedings still pending against Mediobanca there are the following two claims 
for damages made respectively by: 
 
18   On September 30, Schematrentatre terminated the Shareholders’ Agreement, with effect from 1 January 2022. As a result of this termination, 
subject to other changes, the percentage represented by the Shareholders’ Agreement will stand at around 10% of the share capital.

--- Page 187 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 185 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
Monte dei Paschi di Siena (“FMPS”) against – inter alia – Mediobanca, in respect of participation with 
criminal intent by virtue of an alleged non-contractual liability, jointly with the other thirteen lender banks, 
for alleged damages to FMPS in connection with the execution of the Term Facility Agreement on 4 June 
2011 and the consequent breach of FMPS’s Articles of Association (20% limit on debt/equity ratio) in a total 
amount of €286m. The case is currently pending with the Court of Florence; 
 
Lucchini S.p.A. in A.S. (“Lucchini") against 12 banks (including Mediobanca) claiming that the banks 
would have contributed to the economic and financial distress of the company for having drawn up and 
executed an industrial and financial plan of the company based on allegedly unrealistic forecasts and a 
restructuring agreement pursuant to article 182-bis of the bankruptcy law which provided for guarantees 
excessively favourable to the banks, thus delaying Lucchini's submission to the extraordinary administration 
procedure. With a ruling on 21 July 2020, the Court of Milan rejected Lucchini's request, ordering him to 
pay the costs. With a notice of appeal served on 28 September 2020 Lucchini appealed the sentence. The 
next hearing for the definition of the conclusions is set for 12 January 2022.; 
Tax – Administrative proceedings  
With regard to the dispute pending with the tax authorities, it should note that there were no significant changes 
with respect to the previous year. 
With reference to the alleged non-application of transparency taxation (tassazione per trasparenza), provided for 
by the Controlled Foreign Company (CFC) regulations, of the income produced by CMB Monaco (formerly called 
Compagnie Monégasque de Banque) and Compagnie Monégasque de Gestion for the financial years 2013, 2014 
and 2015 three disputes are pending with the tax authorities. In detail, the dispute regarding the financial year 
2013/2014 (profits 2013, tax of € 21.3 million plus interest and penalties), in which Mediobanca was victorious 
in first instance, is pending before the Lombardy Regional Tax Court following an appeal lodged by the Revenue 
Office; disputes relating to the 2014/15 and 2015/16 fiscal years (respectively profits 2014 and 2015, tax of € 16.1 
million and € 16.4 million, plus interest and penalties) are pending the first instance hearing; 
With reference to the alleged failure to apply withholding taxes by Mediobanca on interest paid as part of a secured 
financing transaction in addition to the dispute of the year 2014 (tax of € 2.3 million, plus interest and penalties) 
and of which the setting of the first level hearing is awaited, a notice of assessment has been served in relation to 
2015 (tax for € 1.9 million, plus interest and penalties), which the Bank intends to challenge. 
With reference to the three disputes regarding the failure to reimburse interest accrued on VAT credits claimed 
by SelmaBipiemme, relating to various years (totaling € 9.4 million in interest), on 14 June 2021, the Lombardy 
Regional Tax Court accepted SelmaBipiemme's appeal and obliged the tax authorities to reimburse interest 
relating to year 2005 (totaling € 6.8 million). The deadline for the authorities to appeal to the Supreme Court is 
still pending. In order to cover the potential liability linked to a negative outcome, the company has set aside 
provisions for risks and charges of € 6 million. 
 
 
 
Further tax proceedings 
In addition to those listed above, eleven additional disputes are pending, including: 
 
one relating to the alleged failure by the former Banca Esperia to report a transfer of money to foreign 
countries as part of the tax monitoring communication, against which penalties were imposed for € 5.9 
million. The Company was unsuccessful in the first two levels of judgment and paid the disputed amount. 
An appeal is pending before the Supreme Court; 
 
one relating to VAT overpaid by SelmaBipiemme in relation to nautical leasing transactions in 2004, 2005 
and 2006 (tax refund requested of € 1.7 million). The company has appealed the Revenue Office's decision 
to reject the request for reimbursement and is waiting for a hearing to be scheduled; 
 
nine relating to direct and indirect taxes, of minor importance and with different levels of judgment, for a 
total of € 1.4 million in taxes assessed.

--- Page 188 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 186 - 
47-41025581 
 
Mediobanca SGR was also sued as manager of the real estate fund "Marsupio" in relation to the alleged failure to 
pay substitute tax on 3 transactions for a higher assessed tax of € 746.000 (charged to the fund). The Company 
was victorious in the first instance, but lost in the second and has appealed to the Supreme Court. 
On 17 December 2020, Compass Banca was served two invitations to contradictory proceedings containing 
findings for IRES and IRAP purposes for the 2015/16 financial year relating to income generated by the insurance 
brokerage activity carried out with regard to its clients and relations with the subsidiary Compass RE. The 
contradictory phase ended in March 2021 with an adhesion process regarding transfer pricing and the payment of 
higher taxes for € 3.5 million, in addition to interest and penalties for a total of € 1.6 million. In June 2021 the 
Company activated on its own initiative an adhesion process with the tax authorities on income of the same nature 
produced in the financial years 2016/17 and 2017/18; this process was concluded on 23 July 2021 with the 
payment of approximately € 2.1 million of higher taxes, in addition to interest and penalties for a total of € 0.4 
million, covering both years. The extension of the method accepted by the Administration to transactions carried 
out by Compass and Compass RE in subsequent years would not result in the emergence of higher income for the 
Company. 
 
Proceedings with supervisory authorities 
Mediobanca has no ongoing proceedings with any supervisory authority. 
The effects of the "Lexitor" sentence on retail operations are contained and limited to any disputes on early 
repayments of consumer credit practices (above all assignment of one-fifth of salary), which occurred before 5 
December 2019 (date of the letter to the market from the Bank of Italy on the Lexitor sentence), for which a 
number of complaints have been received that are following the normal procedural process. On 25 July 2021 Law 
no. 106/2021 came into force, converting Decree Law no. 73/2021, which reformulated the text of art. 125 sexies 
of the Consolidated Banking Law and clarified that the effects of the aforementioned sentence only apply to 
contracts concluded after the entry into force of the aforementioned law. As reported, Compass allocated a 
provision of € 15 million, of which € 3.5 million was used. 
Antitrust proceedings 
As far as the Group is concerned, Compass, following proceedings with the Italian Antitrust Authority, in relation 
to the alleged forced combination of financing and insurance products not related to loan, had two proceedings 
pending before the Lazio Regional Administrative Court to challenge the measures by which the aforementioned 
proceedings have been concluded. Of the two judgments, the first ended with the rejection of the appeal by the 
court (sentence published on 6 September 2021), whilst the second is currently still pending before the Lazio 
Regional Administrative Court. In the meantime Compass will also assess the advisability of a possible appeal to 
the Council of State of the first measure within the terms of the law. 
Inspections 
As part of the ordinary supervisory activities by the ECB, it should be noted that an OSI (on-site inspection) on 
the subject of "market risk" was launched in September 2019. The final report of the inspection was delivered on 
22 March 2021; the Issuer remains waiting for the report to be acknowledged by the JST (Joint Supervisory Team) 
of the ECB and any recommendations to be provided by it. 
In November 2021, an additional inspection was launched in parallel, which will focus specifically on market risk 
issues relating to calculation and monitoring of trading P&L, independent price verification and fair value 
measurement on a small sample of selected transactions. 
MATERIAL AGREEMENTS 
Neither Mediobanca nor any of the companies controlled by Mediobanca has entered into or participates in 
agreements outside of their normal course of business which could result an obligation or entitlement for Group 
members that would impact significantly on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations in respect of the holders of 
financial instruments issued or to be issued.

--- Page 189 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 187 - 
47-41025581 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Mediobanca approved the consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2020 
On 23 September 2021, the Board of Directors of Mediobanca examined and approved the consolidated annual 
financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 30 June 2021, which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Mediobanca approved the consolidated quarterly result as at 30 September 2021 
On 27 October 2021, the press release related to the approval of the consolidated quarterly results as at and for 
the three-month period ended 30 September 2021 was published. 
Mediobanca ordinary and extraordinary annual shareholders’ meeting 
On 28 October 2021, the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer examined and approvedas ordinary meeting, the 
Issuer’s financial statements as at 30 June 2021 and the amount of profit for the period being allocated to reserves.

--- Page 190 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 188 - 
47-41025581 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
The consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the years ended 30 June 2021 and 2020 
were prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. 
All the above consolidated financial statements, prepared in each case together with the notes thereto, are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
The annual consolidated financial statements referred to above have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers 
S.p.A., whose reports thereon are attached to such annual financial statements.

--- Page 191 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 189 - 
47-41025581 
 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
General Information 
Name: 
Mediobanca 
International 
(Luxembourg) 
S.A. 
(“Mediobanca 
International”). 
Date of Incorporation: 
Mediobanca International was incorporated in 13 September 1990 and 
its registered office was transferred to Luxembourg by a resolution of 
the Shareholders before a notary on 21 December 2005 and the articles 
of incorporation were published in the Mémorial Recueil des Sociétés 
et Associations number 567 on 17 March 2006. The articles of 
association were amended on 5 October 2007 and were published in the 
Mémorial Recueil des Sociétés et Associations number 2995 on 24 
December 2007. The articles of association were further amended on 
30 January 2017 and were published in the Recueil électronique des 
Sociétés et Associations number RESA_2017_042 of 16 February 
2017. 
The 
LEI 
code 
of 
Mediobanca 
International 
is 
549300DV870NBWY5W279. 
Legislation: 
Mediobanca International operates under Luxembourg law. 
Registered Office and Telephone 
Number: 
4, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, Tel. No.: (00352) 267303-1. 
Registration: 
Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés Luxembourg number B 112885. 
Financial Year: 
Mediobanca International’s financial year ends on 30th June of each 
year. 
General Meetings: 
General Meetings are held at least once a year. 
Share Information 
Authorised and Issued Capital: 
EUR 10,000,000 divided into 1,000,000 ordinary shares of EUR 10.00 
each. 
Reserves: 
EUR 320,782,764 as at 30 June 2021. 
Controlling Shareholders: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Change of control: 
Mediobanca International is not aware of any agreements aimed at 
bringing about future changes regarding the ownership structure of 
Mediobanca International. 
Management 
Board of Directors: 
The Articles of Association provide for a Board of Directors consisting 
of at least three members elected by the general meeting of shareholders 
for a term of office not to exceed six years. 
Directors: 
The Board of Directors is responsible for setting authorisation levels, 
defining organisational structure, defining the system of internal 
control and reviewing it on a regular basis, and approving the bank’s 
accounts and interim statements. The Board of Directors has been 
appointed by the shareholders meeting held on 16 October  2020 and is 
composed as follow:

--- Page 192 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 190 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
Director 
Place and date of birth 
Posts held inside 
Mediobanca 
International 
 
Giovanni Mancuso 
Turin  
on 5 December 1954 
Chairman and 
Director 
 
Alessandro Ragni  
Milan  
on 23 May 1977 
Managing 
Director & CEO 
 
Massimo Amato 
Lecce  
on 15 January 1958 
Director 
 
Piero Pezzati 
Milan 
on 23 March 1953 
Director 
 
Jessica Spina 
Manchester 
on 27 January 1969 
Director 
 
Stéphane Bosi 
Monticelli d'Ongina  
on 27 April 1953 
Director 
 
Lara Pizzimiglia 
Piacenza  
on 21 June 1969 
Director 
 
The business address of each of the directors is 4, Boulevard Joseph II, 
L-1840 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with the 
exceptions of Massimo Amato whose business address is 20, rue C. 
Martel, L-2134 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and of 
Jessica Spina and Lara Pizzimiglia whose business address is Piazzetta 
E. Cuccia 1, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any of the 
Directors’ duties to Mediobanca International and their private interests 
or other duties. 
Authorised managers: 
Day-to-day management is entrusted to two authorised managers: 
Alessandro Ragni (Managing Director and CEO) and Rocco Cosimo 
Damiano Di Leo (Chief Financial Officer). 
Approved independent auditors: 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, incorporated under the 
laws of Luxembourg, with its registered office at 2, rue Gerhard 
Mercator, B.P 1443, L-1014 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and 
Companies Register under number B.65477 (“PwC Luxembourg”), 
was designated, during a meeting of the Board of Directors held on 11 
September 2012, the Mediobanca International’s independent auditors 
(réviseur d'entreprises agréé). Their mandate was renewed by the 
Board of Directors on 14 December 2016 for a period ending at the 
shareholders’ annual general meeting which held in 2021. 
PwC Luxembourg, has audited the non-consolidated financial 
statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years ended 
30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020. 
PwC Luxembourg is registered as a cabinet de révision with the public 
register of company auditors drawn up by the Luxembourg Ministry of 
Justice and is a member of the Institute of Independent Auditors 
(l'Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) and is approved by the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (“CSSF”) in the 
context of the law dated 23 July 2016 on the audit profession, as 
amended. 
The auditing firm Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme, incorporated 
under the laws of Luxembourg, with its registered office at 35E, Avenue 
John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, and registered with the 
Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number B47771 
(“EY Luxembourg”) has been appointed, during the meeting of the

--- Page 193 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 191 - 
47-41025581 
 
Board of Directors held on 20 October 2021, as Mediobanca 
International's independent auditors (réviseur d'entreprises agréé), for 
a period ending at the shareholders’ annual general meeting which will 
be held in 2027. 
EY Luxembourg is registered as a cabinet de révision with the public 
register of company auditors drawn up by the Luxembourg Ministry of 
Justice and is a member of the Institute of Independent Auditors 
(l'Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) and is approved by the CSSF in 
the context of the law dated 23 July 2016 on the audit profession, as 
amended. 
Corporate governance: 
Mediobanca International is not subject to any compulsory corporate 
governance code of conduct or respective statutory legal provisions. 
The Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, 
as amended, does not make the application of a corporate governance 
code mandatory to Mediobanca International. The Ten Principles of 
Corporate Governance of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange do not 
apply because the shares of Mediobanca International are not listed on 
a regulated market operated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Object and General Business Policy 
Business Operations: 
Article 3 of Mediobanca International’s Article of Association 
provides, among other things, that the object of Mediobanca 
International is to carry out, either within or outside the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, any banking or financial operations authorised by the 
law relating to the financial sector. 
 
Mediobanca International’s principal activity consists of raising funds 
on international markets, by issues of bonds chiefly under a short and 
medium term notes programme guaranteed by Mediobanca. 
Mediobanca International is also engaged in corporate lending 
operations. 
Risk Management: 
All interest rate, currency, credit and other risks are managed within the 
Mediobanca Group. 
Tax Treatment: 
See “Taxation - (B) Tax Regime for Mediobanca International issues – 
Luxembourg”.

--- Page 194 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 192 - 
47-41025581 
 
Main financial information of Mediobanca International 
Selected annual financial information.  
The summary audited balance sheet, profit and loss account and cash flow statement of Mediobanca International 
as at 30 June 2021 are shown below, along with comparative data for the year ended 30 June 2020. 
MAIN STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
ITEMS 
 
Year ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
CHANGES 
2021/2020 
 
 
€m 
€m 
% 
Assets 
 
 
 
Financial assets valued at amortised cost – due from banks 
2,558.9 
2,086.4 
22.6% 
Financial assets valued at amortised cost – due from customers 
4,319.8 
4,142.3 
4.3% 
Financial assets* 
128.9 
160.1 
-19.6% 
Total Assets 
7,128.5 
6,428.6 
10.9% 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities valued at amortised cost – debt securities 
in issue 
2,938.2 
3,137.7 
-6.4% 
Financial liabilities valued at amortised cost – due to banks 
3,746.1 
2,696.5 
38.9% 
Financial liabilities valued at amortised cost – due to customers 
63.6 
133.3 
-52.4% 
Financial liabilities valued at FVTPL 
28.2 
118.8 
-76.2% 
Net equity** 
330.8 
341.5 
-3.2% 
of which: share capital 
10.0 
10.0 
0.0% 
Profit for the period 
5.3 
-10.8 
n.m. 
Total Liabilities 
7,128.5 
6,428.6 
10.9% 
* 
Includes financial assets valued at FVTPL and hedging derivatives. 
** 
Includes reserves and share capital.  
 
MAIN STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
ITEMS 
 
Year ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
CHANGES 
2021/2020 
 
 
€m 
€m 
% 
Net interest income 
15.8 
5.4 
n.m. 
Net fee and commission income 
1.4 
5.7 
-75.4% 
Total income 
16.5 
12.0 
37.5% 
Net income from financial operations 
14.4 
-1.9 
n.m. 
Administrative expenses 
-11.8 
-9.6 
22.9% 
Profit of the ordinary activity before tax 
8.1 
-13.2 
n.m. 
Profit for the year 
5.3 
-10.8 
n.m. 
 
 
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
Year ended on 30 June

--- Page 195 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 193 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
 
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
2021 
2020 
 
(€ thousands) 
Operating activities 
3,011 
-2,366 
Cash generated/(absorbed) by financial assets 
-701,002 
1,641,287 
Cash (generated)/absorbed by financial liabilities 
741,793 
-1,638,921 
Cash flow from operating activities 
- 
- 
 
 
 
CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
Cash flow from investing activities 
- 
- 
 
 
 
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 
 
Cash flow from funding capital management activities 
- 
- 
 
 
 
NET CASH INFLOW (OUTFLOW) DURING THE YEAR 
43.802 
- 
]

--- Page 196 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 194 - 
47-41025581 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
Mediobanca International only produces non-consolidated annual financial statements. 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years ended 30 
June 2021 and 2020 were prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. 
All of the above consolidated financial statements, prepared in each case together with the notes thereto, are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the year ended 30 June 2021 and 2020 have been 
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, whose reports thereon are attached to such non-
consolidated annual financial statements.

--- Page 197 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 195 - 
47-41025581 
 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed in the paragraph headed 
“Dealers” in the section headed “General Description of the EUR 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme” above and to such additional persons which are appointed from time to time as dealers in respect of 
the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed from time to time as a dealer solely in respect of one or more 
Tranches. 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 22 December 
2021 as further amended or supplemented from time to time (the “Dealer Agreement”) between each Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by each Issuer 
to the Permanent Dealers. However, the relevant Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own 
behalf to Dealers which are not Permanent Dealers. The relevant Issuer may also offer and sell Notes directly to 
investors without the involvement of any Dealer. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices 
related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by 
the relevant Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of such Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for 
Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Dealer Agreement, the relevant Issuer, failing whom, where applicable, 
the Guarantor, has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain liabilities (including fees and expenses) in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme, the offer and sale of the Notes and to indemnify the Dealers 
against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in 
relation to all the Dealers or any of them by Mediobanca and Mediobanca International, acting together or, in 
relation to itself and Mediobanca and Mediobanca International only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not 
less than ten Business Days’ notice. 
General 
The selling restrictions described below may be supplemented or modified by the agreement of the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor (where applicable) and the Dealers following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
Any such supplement or modification shall be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws, 
regulations and directives in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense, and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which 
it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (where applicable), nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. Other persons into whose 
hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, 
offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in this sub-section headed “General”. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold, underwritten or placed and it will not 
offer, sell, underwrite or place the Notes or do anything in Ireland with respect to the Notes:

--- Page 198 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 196 - 
47-41025581 
 
(a) 
otherwise than in conformity with (i) the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial 
Instruments) Regulations 2017 of Ireland (the “MiFID II Regulations”), including, without limitation, 
Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) 
thereof and in connection with the MiFID II Regulations, any applicable rules or codes of conduct or 
practice issued, or any conditions or requirements, or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the 
Central Bank of Ireland and (ii) the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 of Ireland; 
(b) 
otherwise than in conformity with all applicable provisions of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 and Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending 
Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) (together, “MiFID II”) and any applicable 
rules or codes of conduct or practice and if acting under an authorisation granted to it for the purposes of 
MiFID II, otherwise than in conformity with the terms of that authorisation; 
(c) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse, the Market Abuse Directive on criminal 
sanctions for market abuse (Directive 2014/57/EU), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 
2016 of Ireland, and any Irish market abuse law as defined in those Regulations or the Companies Act 
2014 of Ireland, (the “2014 Act”) and any rules made or guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland 
in connection with the foregoing, including any rules made or guidelines issued by the Central Bank of 
Ireland under Section 1370 of the 2014 Act; and 
(d) 
otherwise than in conformity with (i) the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and any delegated or 
implementing acts adopted thereunder, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of Ireland 
and any other Irish prospectus law as defined in the 2014 Act, the Central Bank (Investment Market 
Conduct) Rules 2019 of Ireland, and any other rules made or guidelines issued under Section 1363 of the 
2014 Act by the Central Bank of Ireland (ii) the provisions of the 2014 Act (iii) the Central Bank Acts 
1942 to 2018 of Ireland and any rules or codes of conduct or practice made under Section 117(1) of the 
Central Bank Act 1989 of Ireland, and (iv) every other enactment that is to be read together with any of 
the foregoing Acts. 
References in this section to any legislation (including, without limitation, European Union legislation) 
shall be deemed to refer to such legislation as the same has been or may from time to time be amended, 
supplemented, consolidated or replaced and shall include reference to all implementing measures, 
delegated acts, rules and guidance in respect thereof. 
United States of America 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee thereof have been nor will they be registered under the Securities Act and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
The applicable Final Terms will identify whether Regulation S Compliance Category 2, TEFRA C rules or 
TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not 
offer, sell or deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or 
sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the

--- Page 199 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 197 - 
47-41025581 
 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a Non-exempt Offer) 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by 
the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose 
of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, 
and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 200 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 198 - 
47-41025581 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes incudes the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not incude the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(A) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a Public Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus 
in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) 
is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the 
transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such 
Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, 
as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(B) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(C) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the 
United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(D) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression UK 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year:

--- Page 201 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 199 - 
47-41025581 
 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(i) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(ii) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or, in the case of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, and will not 
make an offer of any Notes to the public in the Republic of Italy and that sales of the Notes in the Republic of 
Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws 
and regulations. 
Each of the Dealers has represented, warranted and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or 
distribute copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy 
except: 
(1) 
that each Dealer may make an offer of Notes to the public if the final terms in relation to the Notes 
specify that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in the Republic of Italy, including without limitation, by 
means of an offer of Notes to the public following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to 
such Notes and provided that such prospectus has been (i) approved in another Member State and 
notified to CONSOB and (ii) completed by final terms expressly contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended (“Regulation No. 11971/1999”), in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in 
such prospectus or final terms, as applicable; 
(2) 
to “qualified investors” as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(3) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings, as provided under the 
Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (“Financial 
Services Act”) or Regulation No. 11971/1999. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended from time to time (the “Italian Banking Act”), Financial Services Act, the relevant 
applicable provisions set forth in CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as 
amended from time to time, and any other applicable laws and regulations;

--- Page 202 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 200 - 
47-41025581 
 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of 
the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, and/or by an Italian person outside the Republic 
of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by 
CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other Italian regulatory authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market 
Potential investors should also note in connection with the subsequent distribution of Notes in the Republic of 
Italy, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and the Financial Services Act, where no exemption from the 
rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (2) and (3) above, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on 
the secondary market in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus 
requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971/1999. Failure to comply 
with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the intermediaries 
transferring the Notes being liable for any damages suffered by investors or potential investors. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in any Notes described 
herein. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in or 
into Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), except under the following 
exemptions under the FinSA: 
(a) 
to any person that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of the FinSA; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances falling within Article 36 of the FinSA; 
provided, in each case, that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) and (ii) above shall require the publication of 
a prospectus for offers of Notes and/or the publication of a key information document ("KID") (or an equivalent 
document) pursuant to the FinSA. 
The Notes have not been and will not be listed or admitted to trading on any trading venue in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any offer, the Notes or an 
Issuer constitutes a prospectus or a KID (or an equivalent document) as such terms are understood pursuant to the 
FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any offer, the 
Notes or an Issuer may be distributed or otherwise made available in Switzerland in a manner which would require 
the publication of a prospectus or a KID (or an equivalent document) in Switzerland pursuant to the FinSA. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any offer, the Notes or an 
Issuer have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the “FIEA” or the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer to sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, “Japanese Person” shall 
mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan.

--- Page 203 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 201 - 
47-41025581 
 
GENERAL CONSENT — THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS 
These terms (the “Authorised Offeror Terms”) will be relevant in the case of any Tranche of Notes, if (and only 
if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”. They are the Authorised 
Offeror Terms which will be referred to in the “Acceptance Statement” to be published on the website of any 
financial intermediary which (a) is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II and (b) accepts such offer by 
publishing an Acceptance Statement on its website. 
1. 
General 
The relevant financial intermediary: 
(a) 
Applicable Rules: acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance 
of any applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”) including, without limitation and in each case, 
Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any 
person and disclosure to any potential Investor; 
(b) 
Subscription and sale: complies with the restrictions set out under “Plan of Distribution” in this 
Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a relevant Dealer and with any further relevant 
requirements as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
Fees, commissions and benefits: ensures that any fee, commission, benefits of any kind, rebate 
received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes does 
not violate the Rules and is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors; 
(d) 
Licences, consents, approvals and permissions: holds all licences, consents, approvals and 
permissions required in connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes 
under the Rules; 
(e) 
Violation of Rules: it will immediately inform the Issuer, the Guarantor and any relevant Dealer 
if at any relevant time it becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules; 
(f) 
Anti-money laundering, bribery and corruption: complies with, and takes appropriate steps in 
relation to, applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, prevention of corruption and “know 
your client” Rules, and does not permit any application for Notes in circumstances where the 
financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the purchase monies; 
(g) 
Record-keeping: retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period required 
under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the Rules, make 
such records available to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer or directly to the 
appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the relevant 
Dealer in order to enable the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with 
anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and “know your client” Rules applying to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer; 
(h) 
Breach of Rules: does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant 
Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer to any 
requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(i) 
Publicity names: does not use the legal or publicity names of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
relevant Dealer(s) or any other name, brand or logo registered by an entity within their 
respective groups or any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest or in 
any statements (oral or written), marketing material or documentation in relation to the Notes; 
(j) 
Information: does not give any information other than that contained in this Base Prospectus (as 
may be amended or supplemented by the Issuer from time to time) or make any representation 
in connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of interest in, the Notes; 
(k) 
Communications: agrees that any communication in which it attaches or otherwise includes any 
announcement published by the Issuer (via any relevant applicable methods) at the end of the

--- Page 204 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 202 - 
47-41025581 
 
Offer Period will be consistent with the Base Prospectus, and (in any case) must be fair, clear 
and not misleading and in compliance with the Rules and must state that such Authorised 
Offeror has provided it independently from the Issuer and must expressly confirm that the Issuer 
has not accepted any responsibility for the content of any such communication; 
(l) 
Legal or publicity names: does not use the legal or publicity names of the relevant Dealer, the 
Issuer or any other name, brand or logo registered by any entity within their respective groups 
or any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest or in any statements 
(oral or written), marketing material or documentation in relation to the Notes; 
(m) 
Any other conditions: agrees to any other conditions set out in paragraph 10 of Part B of the 
relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Indemnity 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees that if either of the Issuer or the Guarantor incurs any liability, 
damages, cost, loss or expense (including, without limitation, legal fees, costs and expenses and any 
value added tax thereon) (a “Loss”) arising out of, in connection with or based on any inaccuracy of any 
of the foregoing representations and warranties or any breach of any of the foregoing undertakings then 
the relevant financial intermediary shall pay to the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) on demand 
an amount equal to such Loss. 
3. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees that: 
(a) 
the contract between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the financial intermediary formed upon 
acceptance by the financial intermediary of the offer of the Issuer and the Guarantor to use this 
Base Prospectus with their consent in connection with the relevant Public Offer (the 
“Authorised Offeror Contract”), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law; 
(b) 
the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise 
out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including a dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) 
and accordingly the relevant financial intermediary submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts; 
(c) 
each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, be 
entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are 
expressed to be, for their benefit but, subject to this, a person who is not a party to the Authorised 
Offeror Contract has no right to enforce any term of the Authorised Offeror Contract; and 
(d) 
the parties to the Authorised Offeror Contract do not require the consent of any person not a 
party to the Authorised Offeror Contract to rescind or vary the Authorised Offeror Contract at 
any time.

--- Page 205 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 203 - 
47-41025581 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(A) 
Form of Final Terms for Notes with a denomination less than EUR 100,000 
The following form of Final Terms shall be used for the issue of Notes having a denomination of less than EUR 
100,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currencies in which the Notes are denominated). 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly completed 
to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does 
not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended and superseded, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPS target market - Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional 
clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate except 
for pure execution services for the latter and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate, including; investment advice, portfolio management and execution with appropriateness, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]  
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPS only target market - Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate except for pure execution services 
for the latter. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or

--- Page 206 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 204 - 
47-41025581 
 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]  
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPS target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients and retail clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”), only; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate except for pure execution services for the latter; and (iii) 
the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate, including; investment advice, 
portfolio management and execution with appropriateness, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under UK MiFIR, as applicable. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the [Notes] (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPS only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“UK MiFIR”), only; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate except for pure execution services for the latter. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms 
[MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44 / 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300DV870NBWY5W279] Issue of [currency] [aggregate principal 
amount] Notes due [maturity] 
[guaranteed in the case of Notes issued by 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300DV870NBWY5W279 by 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44] under the 
Euro [40,000,000,000] 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Dealer(s)][●]]  
The date of these Final Terms is [●]

--- Page 207 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 205 - 
47-41025581 
 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used herein 
shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 
[22 December 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [insert date] [delete if not applicable],] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as supplemented from time to 
time]. Full information on the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to 
the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at [address] and [website] and copies may be obtained [upon 
request] from the [Issuer] [Dealer(s)]/ [Distributor(s)]. [For the purposes of article 23(3) of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129), the Issuer [in its role of distributor] will set out the means through which 
the investors will be contacted [and assisted]]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used herein 
shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [11 January 2007][4 December 2007][12 December 2008][16 December 2009][13 January 
2011][30 November 2011][23 January 2013][27 January 2014][19 December 2014][11 December 2015][22 
December 2016][24 January 2018] [21 December 2018][16 December 2019][18 December 2020]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 22 December 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions 
which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] which is incorporated by reference to the Base 
Prospectus dated 22 December 2021. Full information on the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectuses dated [date of 
original base prospectus] and [●] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]]. The Base Prospectuses 
[and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at the registered office[s] of the Issuer 
[and of the Guarantor] [at [●].] The Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/ /).] [For the purposes of article 23(3) of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129), the Issuer [in its role of distributor] will set out the means through which the investors will be 
contacted [and assisted]]. 
[A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “not applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if individual items are deleted.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
PART A – GENERAL 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii)] 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series:] 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[identify earlier tranches] on [the Issue Date] [exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 24 below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [date]] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 208 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 206 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
 
 
(Only relevant if the Notes are fungible with an existing Series). 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[Up to] [●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[Up to] [●] 
 
 
 
[The Aggregate Nominal Amount will not exceed [●] and will 
be determined at the end of the Offer Period (as defined in 
paragraph 10 of Part B 
 below) and such final amount will be filed with the Central 
Bank of Ireland as competent authority and published on the 
website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) 
pursuant to Articles 14(2) and Article 18(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. [provided that, during the Offer Period the Issuer 
will be entitled to increase the Aggregate Nominal Amount as 
more fully described under paragraph 10 of Part B below.]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[[●] per Note] [[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)]] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up to and 
including [●]. No Notes in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above [●].] 
 
 
 
(Notes including Notes denominated in Sterling, in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
and which have a maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies).) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in relevant month and year.] 
 
 
(N.B. Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives and/or the Bank of Italy’s requirements applicable 
to the issue of Subordinated Notes by the Issuer must have a 
minimum maturity of five years.) 
 
 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue Date 
and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is

--- Page 209 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 207 - 
47-41025581 
 
carried on from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be sold only to “professional investors” or (ii) 
another applicable exemption from section 19 of the FSMA 
must be available.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
(Condition 3(d) (Interest Rate on 
Fixed Rate Notes) or Condition 3(f) 
(Interest Rate on Floating Rate 
Notes) or Condition 3(p) (Late 
payment on Zero Coupon Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or (Condition 3(d) 
(Interest Rate on Fixed Rate Notes) or 
Condition 3(f) (Interest Rate on 
Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 
3(p) (Late payment on Zero Coupon 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes) 
[Fixed Rate Notes] 
[[EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [CMS] [PRIBOR] 
[ROBOR] [BUBOR] [CIBOR] [STIBOR] [NIBOR] [specify 
relevant yield of Government securities] +/- [●] per cent. per 
annum Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[Instalment] 
10. 
Change of Interest: 
[Applicable - Condition 3(q) (Interest Rate Switch) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the [English][Italian] Law Notes shall 
apply] 
 
 
[Not Applicable - Condition 3(q) (Interest Rate Switch) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the [English][Italian] Law Notes shall 
not apply] 
 
Interest Rate Switch Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert description of change of interest rate] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
((Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) or (Condition 
4(h) (Redemption at the option of 
holders of Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes 
or (Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) or (Condition 
4(h) (Redemption at the option of 
holders of Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes)) 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred] [Senior Non Preferred] [Subordinated] 
 
(ii) 
(In 
respect 
of 
Senior 
Preferred Notes only):

--- Page 210 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 208 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
 
[Waiver of set-off rights:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[(iii) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance 
of 
Notes [and 
Guarantee] obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes or related 
guarantee of the Notes) 
13. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] [Non-syndicated] 
14. 
Governing Law: 
[English law applicable] [Italian law applicable], also in 
accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EC) no. 
864/2007 of 11 July 2007 on the law applicable to non-
contractual obligations (the “Rome II Regulation”) [except 
for: (I) in case of Notes issued by Mediobanca, Conditions 
2(b)(Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) (Status of the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes), 2(d) (Status of the Subordinated 
Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 8 (Events of 
Default) and 16 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg 
Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Italian law; (II) in case of Senior Preferred Notes issued 
by Mediobanca International, Conditions2(b) (Status of the 
Senior Preferred Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 
4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) 
and [16/14] (Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg 
Bail-in Power) of the [Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes], 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Luxembourgish law.] [For the avoidance of doubt, articles 
470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg Company Law shall not 
apply to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca 
International.] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 16) 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate(s): 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of “Business Day"] 
 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of long or short 
coupons) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Accrual Dates(s): 
[The Interest Accrual Dates are [●] in each year up to and 
including the Maturity Date.] [The Interest Accrual Dates shall 
be the Interest Payment Dates.] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on [each Interest 
Payment Date] [the Interest Payment Date(s) falling [in/on]

--- Page 211 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 209 - 
47-41025581 
 
[●]] [Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual 
 
 
 
(ISDA)] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 17.) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Accrual Dates(s): 
[The Interest Accrual Dates are [●] in each year up to and 
including the Maturity Date.] [The Interest Accrual Dates shall 
be the Interest Payment Dates.] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[●] [Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to specify 
if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this function)] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (viii)) 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [CMS] [PRIBOR] 
[ROBOR] [BUBOR] [CIBOR] [STIBOR] [NIBOR] [specify 
relevant yield of Government securities] 
 
 
 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
 
 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [   ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London 
Banking 
Days/Not

--- Page 212 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 210 - 
47-41025581 
 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [   ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
 
 
D: 
[360/365/[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Specified Duration: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Multiplier 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference 
Rate 
Multiplier 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The Interest Determination Date in respect of each Interest 
Period is [the first day of each Interest Period] [the second day 
on which TARGET2 is open prior to the first day of each 
Interest Period] [the day falling two Banking Days prior to the 
first day of each Interest Period] [●]] Typically the second 
TARGET Settlement Day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR) 
 
 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01)] 
 
 
 
Relevant Time 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. [London / Brussels] time] 
 
 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means the 
region comprised of the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro)] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (x)) 
 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360

--- Page 213 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 211 - 
47-41025581 
 
(ISDA)] 
 
(xv) 
Interest calculation method 
for short or long Interest 
Periods: 
[Linear Interpolation, in respect of the Interest Period 
beginning on (and including) [●] and ending on (but 
excluding) [●]]  
 
 
 
[Not Applicable - there are no short or long Interest Periods] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 18) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum. 
 
 
 
Calculated as [include details of method of calculation in 
summary form] on the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 19) 
 
(i) 
European Style 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (i)) 
 
 
 
Notice Period(s): 
[●] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
 
(ii) 
American Style 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (ii)) 
 
 
 
Exercise Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Partial Redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (v)) 
 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount [Not Applicable]

--- Page 214 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 212 - 
47-41025581 
 
19. 
Regulatory Call / Redemption for 
taxation reasons 
 
 
(i) 
Regulatory Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if not applicable delete sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii) of this 
paragraph (i)) 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
payable on redemption for 
regulatory reasons (subject to 
prior 
approval 
of 
the 
Relevant 
Authority) 
as 
contemplated by Condition 
4(g) 
(Redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
English 
Law 
Notes 
or 
Condition 4(g) (Redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian 
Law 
Notes 
(if 
required) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) 
Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
[Modification following a 
MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification 
Event 
/ 
Regulatory Event or Tax 
Event] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 21) 
 
(i) 
European Style 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (i)) 
 
 
 
Notice Period(s): 
[●] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
 
(ii) 
American Style 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (ii)) 
 
 
 
Exercise Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Optional 
Redemption 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 215 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 213 - 
47-41025581 
 
Amount(s) (Put): 
 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (iv)) 
 
(v) 
Partial Redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (v)) 
 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on Event of Default: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
[An amount in the Specified Currency being the Nominal 
Amount of the Notes] 
 
 
[An amount in the Specified Currency being the higher of (i) 
the Nominal Amount of the Notes and (ii) the fair economic 
value of the Notes at the date of redemption, as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as 
representing the fair economic value of the Note at the date of 
redemption]. 
 
 
[An amount in the Specified Currency which the Calculation 
Agent will determine and calculate in its sole discretion in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as 
representing the fair economic value of the Note at the date of 
redemption, without making any reduction to such value by 
reason of the financial condition of the Issuer but taking into 
account (without duplication) any costs and expenses incurred 
by the Issuer in connection with the termination of any 
agreement or instrument entered into by the Issuer for the 
purposes of hedging the risk arising from the entering into and 
performance of its obligations under the Notes.] 
 
 
[The Early Redemption Amount Payable on Event of Default 
shall be Euro [●] for each Note of Euro [●] Specified 
Denomination.] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note.]

--- Page 216 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 214 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]. 
 
 
[The Notes will be issued and held in book-entry form by 
[Monte Titoli S.p.A/ include the name of any other custodian 
appointed by the Issuer], as Centralised Custodian.] 
24. 
New Global Note form: 
[Yes/No] 
25. 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
relating to Payment Business Dates: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
 
[Note that this item relates to the date and place of payment 
and not to interest period end dates] 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[No] 
 
 
[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are left. The dates on which 
such Talons mature are [●].] 
27. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
(amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
28. 
Total Repurchase Option / Partial 
Repurchase Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 29) 
 
(i) 
Total Repurchase Option date 
/ Partial Repurchase Option 
date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Repurchase amount(s) and 
method(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
29. 
Other provisions: 
[●] 
RESPONSIBILITY [AND THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.][The 
third party information contained in these Final Terms [[●] has been extracted from [●].] [[Each of the] [The]

--- Page 217 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 215 - 
47-41025581 
 
Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such third party information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.].] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
By:  ........................................................................ 
By:  .........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
 
By:  ........................................................................ 
By:  ........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised] 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of Euronext Dublin/Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/Borsa Italiana S.p.A./None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the Euronext Dublin] 
[the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] 
[specify relevant regulated market] with effect from [●] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
Euronext Dublin] [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A.] [specify relevant regulated market] with 
effect from [●].] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 2) 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies)]. 
 
 
 
[Depending on the status of the credit rating agency with 
respect to the CRA Regulation, the wording below should be 
considered.] 
 
 
 
[Depending on the status of the credit rating agency with 
respect to the CRA Regulation, the wording below should be 
considered.]

--- Page 218 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 216 - 
47-41025581 
 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating agency 
is established in the EEA:) 
[[(Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating)] is established in the EEA and [is included 
in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets Authority at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither registered nor 
has it applied for registration] under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating agency 
is established in the United Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). [Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
EEA and [is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither registered nor 
has it applied f or registration] under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] / [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] / [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit

--- Page 219 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 217 - 
47-41025581 
 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating agency 
is not established in the EEA or the United Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK [but 
the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”)][and][[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)]]. / [but 
is certified under [Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”)][and][Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)] / [and is not certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”) or Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in either 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
United Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the United Kingdom which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
[The following brief description of the meaning of the ratings 
to be included if such ratings have been previously published 
by the rating provider] 
[A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The 
rating agenc[y/ies] above [has/have] published the following

--- Page 220 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 218 - 
47-41025581 
 
high-level description[s] of such rating[s]: 
- A rating of [  ] by Moody’s Investors Service Limited is 
described by it as indicating [●]. 
- A rating of [   ] by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is 
described by it as indicating [●]. 
- A rating of [   ] by Fitch Ratings Ltd. is described by it as 
indicating [●].] 
[The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.] 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
 
[Not applicable.] / [The Central Bank of Ireland [has been requested to provide/has provided - include 
first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the 
Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [Commissione Nazionale per la 
Società e la Borsa] [Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier] [names of competent authorities 
of host Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement thereto dated [●]] has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation][and, 
in the case of an offer to the public, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement thereto dated [●]] have 
been/will be filed with the competent authority of the host Member State.] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Save for the fees payable to the managers [and as discussed in [●],] so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] [Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[Not applicable] [●] 
 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.)] * 
 
(ii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[Not applicable] [●] 
 
 
 
[Include breakdown of expenses.] 
 
[(iii) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[See the section of the Base Prospectus entitled “Use of 
proceeds”.] 
 
 
 
(Delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph if 
Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible 
Sustainability Projects are not relevant. Otherwise, insert the 
details below, to the extent known at the date of the Final 
Terms.) 
 
 
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible 
[Green / Social / Sustainability] Projects, as set out in further 
detail below. Capitalised terms shown below have the

--- Page 221 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 219 - 
47-41025581 
 
meaning given to them in the section of the Base Prospectus 
entitled “Use of Proceeds”. ] 
 
 
 
Eligible projects: 
[   ] 
 
 
 
Periodic updates: 
(Insert details of periodic updates, including an updated list 
of Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or 
Eligible Sustainability Projects (as the case may be) financed 
and/or refinanced with the net proceeds of the Notes, the 
amounts allocated and their expected impact, any ongoing 
process of verification and information on key performance 
indicators relating to such projects.) 
 
 
 
Documents 
on 
display: 
(State where the list of eligible projects and any documents 
containing periodic updates are or will be available for 
viewing by Noteholders.)] 
6. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only] YIELD 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 6) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
Yield is calculated on the basis of the Issue Price[,] [and] the 
Fixed Coupon [and the Broken Amount]. 
7. 
[Floating Rate Notes only] HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 7) 
 
Details 
of 
historic 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/CMS/PRIBOR/ROBOR/BUBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR] 
rates 
can be obtained by electronic means and [not] free of charge from [Reuters][●] [insert relevant code of 
information providers].] 
 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
2016/1011) (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration.]] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●]

--- Page 222 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 220 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
CFI 
[●] [[, as set out on the website of the Association of National 
Number Agencies (ANNA)/ [●]]] [Not applicable] 
 
FISN 
[●] [[, as set out on the website of the Association of National 
Number Agencies (ANNA)/ [●]]] /[Not applicable] 
 
New Global Note intended to be held in 
a 
manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) number(s) and address(es)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Initial Paying Agents: 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (i)) 
 
 
 
(if applicable give names and addresses and underwriting 
commitments) 
 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names 
and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such 
entities are not the same as the Managers.)

--- Page 223 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 221 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
[(ii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable / [●]]  
 
(iii)] 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any):)) 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
Non-exempt offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may be made by the 
Managers and [specify if applicable] other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in [specify relevant 
Member State(s) -which must be jurisdictions where the 
Prospectus and any supplements have been passported] 
(“Public Offer Jurisdictions”) during the period from 
[specify date] until [specify date] (“Offer Period”). See 
further Paragraph 10 (Terms and Conditions of the Offer) of 
Part B below. 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended and 
superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available

--- Page 224 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 222 - 
47-41025581 
 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MiFID II product governance / target market - [appropriate target market legend to be included] 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - [appropriate target market legend to be included] 
 
10. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 10) 
 
Offer Period: 
[●] to [●] 
 
Offer Amount: 
[●] [provided that, during the Offer Period, the Issuer will 
be entitled [(following consultation with the relevant 
Dealer(s)[Distributor(s))] to increase such Offer Amount up 
to [●]] [provided [further] that, during the Offer Period the 
Issuer will be entitled [(following consultation with the 
relevant Dealer(s) [Distributor(s)])] to extend the length of the 
Offer Period]. The Issuer [and the relevant Dealer(s) 
[Distributor(s)])] shall forthwith give notice of any such 
[increase] [and/or] [extension] pursuant to Condition 12 
(Notices) of the [Senior / Subordinated] Conditions and 
comply with any applicable laws and regulations.] [specify] 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
[Not Applicable] [●]

--- Page 225 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 223 - 
47-41025581 
 
notification is made: 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place: 
[None] [●] 
11. 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF PROSPECTUS 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 11) 
 
Consent to the use of Base Prospectus: 
[The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in 
[Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] [or] [Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg] by all financial intermediaries (general 
consent).] 
 
 
[General consent for the subsequent resale or final placement 
of the Notes in [Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] [or] [Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg] by the financial intermediary[y][ies] 
is given in relation to [●].] 
 
 
[The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in 
[Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] [or] [Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg] by the following financial intermediary[y][ies] 
(individual consent): [insert names] and address[es]].] 
 
 
[Individual consent for the subsequent resale or final 
placement of the Notes in [Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] [or] 
[Grand 
Duchy 
of 
Luxembourg] 
by 
the 
financial 
intermediary[y][ies] is given in relation to [●] to [insert 
names] and address[es]] and [give details].] 
 
 
[The Issuer[s]’s consent to the use of the Base Prospectus by 
each [Dealer] [and] [financial intermediary] is subject to the 
condition that such [Dealer] [and] [financial intermediary] 
complies with the applicable selling restrictions as well as the 
terms and conditions of the offer.] 
 
 
[Such Issuer[s]’s consent to the use of the Base Prospectus is 
also subject and given under condition that the [Dealers] [and] 
[financial intermediaries] using the Base Prospectus 
commit[s] [themselves] [itself] towards [their] [its] customers 
to a responsible distribution of the Notes. This commitment 
is made by the publication of the [Dealers] [and] [financial 
intermediaries] on [their] [its] website stating that the 
prospectus is used with the consent of the Issuer and subject 
to the conditions set forth with the consent].] [Beside, such 
consent is not subject to and given under any condition.] 
 
 
[The subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes by 
financial intermediaries in [Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] 
[or] [Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] can be made [as long as 
the Base Prospectus is valid in accordance with Article 12 of

--- Page 226 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 224 - 
47-41025581 
 
the Prospectus Regulation] [●].] 
 
PART C – SUMMARY OF THE SPECIFIC ISSUE 
[Insert Summary of the specific issue]

--- Page 227 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 225 - 
47-41025581 
 
(B) 
Form of Final Terms for Notes with a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 
The following form of Final Terms shall be used for the issue of Notes having a denomination of at least EUR 
100,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currencies in which the Notes are denominated). 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly completed 
to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does 
not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended and superseded, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPS target market - Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional 
clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate except 
for pure execution services for the latter and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate, including; investment advice, portfolio management and execution with appropriateness, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]  
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPS only target market - Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate except for pure execution services 
for the latter. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]

--- Page 228 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 226 - 
47-41025581 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPS target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients and retail clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”), only; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate except for pure execution services for the latter; and (iii) 
the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate, including; investment advice, 
portfolio management and execution with appropriateness, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under UK MiFIR, as applicable. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the [Notes] (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPS only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“UK MiFIR”), only; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate except for pure execution services for the latter. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms 
[MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44 / 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300DV870NBWY5W279] 
Issue of [currency] [aggregate principal amount] Notes due [maturity] 
[guaranteed in the case of Notes issued by MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. Legal 
Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300DV870NBWY5W279 by 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44] 
under the 
Euro [40,000,000,000] 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Dealer(s)][●]]  
The date of these Final Terms is [●] 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as [supplemented by the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 22 
December 2021 and] completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in 
any Member State of the European Economic Area will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus

--- Page 229 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 227 - 
47-41025581 
 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offer of the Notes. Accordingly any person making 
or intending to make an offer in that Member State of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any 
offer of Notes in any other circumstances. 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used herein 
shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Senior / Subordinated] Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 22 December 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [insert date] [delete 
if not applicable],] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2017/1129). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as 
supplemented from time to time]. Full information on the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and 
the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at [address] and [website] and copies may 
be obtained [upon request] from [address]]. 
[The Notes cannot be sold, offered or distributed to any retail client as defined pursuant to point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, in any EEA Member State.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used herein 
shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Senior / Subordinated] Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [11 January 2007][4 December 2007][12 December 2008][16 December 
2009][13 January 2011][30 November 2011][23 January 2013][27 January 2014][19 December 2014][11 
December 2015][22 December 2016][24 January 2018][21 December 2018][16 December 2019][18 December 
2020]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated 22 December 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]], which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the 
Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] which is incorporated by reference 
to the Base Prospectus dated 22 December 2021. Full information on the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and the Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectuses dated [date of 
original base prospectus] and 22 December 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]]. The 
Base Prospectuses [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at the registered 
office[s] of the Issuer [and of the Guarantor] [at [●].] The Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the 
website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “not applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if individual items are deleted.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
PART A – GENERAL 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii)] 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[identify earlier tranches] on [the Issue Date] [exchange of the

--- Page 230 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 228 - 
47-41025581 
 
single Series:] 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 24 below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [date]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Only relevant if the Notes are fungible with an existing 
Series). 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
[admitted to trading]: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[[●] per Note] [[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)]] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[EUR 100,000] [●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess 
thereof up to and including [●]. No [Senior Preferred] 
[Subordinated] Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [●].] 
 
 
 
([Senior Preferred] [Subordinated] Notes including [Senior 
Preferred] [Subordinated] Notes denominated in Sterling, in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 and which have a maturity of less than one 
year must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies).) 
[EUR 150,000] [EUR 200,000] [●] [and integral multiples of 
[●] in excess thereof up to and including [●]. No [Senior Non 
Preferred Notes] [Subordinated Notes] in definitive form will 
be issued with a denomination above [●].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in relevant month and year.] 
 
 
(N.B. Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives and/or the Bank of Italy’s requirements applicable 
to the issue of Subordinated Notes by the Issuer must have a 
minimum maturity of five years.) 
 
 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue Date 
and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is

--- Page 231 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 229 - 
47-41025581 
 
carried on from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be sold only to “professional investors” or (ii) 
another applicable exemption from section 19 of the FSMA 
must be available.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
(Condition 3(d) (Interest Rate on 
Fixed Rate Notes) or Condition 3(f) 
(Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes) 
or Condition 3(p) (Late payment on 
Zero Coupon Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes 
or (Condition 3(d) (Interest Rate on 
Fixed Rate Notes) or Condition 3(f) 
(Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes) 
or Condition 3(p) (Late payment on 
Zero Coupon Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes) 
[Fixed Rate Notes] 
[[●] per cent. to be reset on [●] [and [●]] and every [●] 
anniversary thereafter] 
[[EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [CMS] [PRIBOR] 
[ROBOR] [BUBOR] [CIBOR] [STIBOR] [NIBOR] [specify 
relevant yield of Government securities] +/- [●] per cent. per 
annum Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[Instalment] 
10. 
Change of Interest: 
[Applicable - Condition 3(q) (Interest Rate Switch) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the [English][Italian] Law Notes shall 
apply] 
 
 
[Not Applicable - Condition 3(q) (Interest Rate Switch) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the [English][Italian] Law Notes shall 
not apply] 
 
Interest Rate Switch Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert description of change of interest rate] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
((Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) or (Condition 
4(h) (Redemption at the option of 
holders of Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes 
or (Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) or (Condition 
4(h) (Redemption at the option of 
holders of Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes) 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes] [Senior Non Preferred Notes] 
[Subordinated Notes] 
 
(ii) 
(In 
respect 
of 
Senior 
Preferred Notes only):

--- Page 232 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 230 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
 
[Waiver of set-off rights:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[(iii) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance 
of 
Notes 
[and 
Guarantee] obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes or related 
guarantee of the Notes) 
13. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] [Non-syndicated] 
14. 
Business Day Convention 
[Following Business Day Convention [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
15. 
Governing Law: 
[English law applicable] [Italian law applicable], also in 
accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EC) no. 
864/2007 of 11 July 2007 on the law applicable to non-
contractual obligations (the “Rome II Regulation”) [except 
for: (I) in case of Notes issued by Mediobanca, Conditions 2(b) 
(Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) (Status of the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes), 2(d) (Status of the Subordinated 
Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 8 (Events of 
Default) and 16 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg 
Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law; (II) in case of Senior Preferred 
Notes issued by Mediobanca International, Conditions 2(b) 
(Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final 
Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) and [16/14] (Acknowledgment of the Italian 
/ Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of the [Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes], are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Luxembourgish law.] [For the avoidance of 
doubt, articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg Company 
Law shall not apply to Senior Preferred Notes issued by 
Mediobanca International.] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 17) 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate(s): 
[●] per cent. [per annum] [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [in each year[●]] starting from (and including)[●] up to(and 
including)[●] [and including the Maturity Date] / [specify 
other] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of “Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of long or short 
coupons)

--- Page 233 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 231 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
[(iii)] 
Interest Accrual Dates(s): 
[The Interest Accrual Dates are [●] in each year up to and 
including the Maturity Date.] [The Interest Accrual Dates shall 
be the Interest Payment Dates.] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on [each Interest 
Payment Date] [the Interest Payment Date(s) falling [in/on] 
[●]] [Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
17. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 18) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
[until and excluding [●]] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●] /[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis]

--- Page 234 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 232 - 
47-41025581 
 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
(xiv) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
 
(xv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(xvi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[the Agent] / [●] 
18. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 19) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
[(iii)] 
Interest Accrual Dates(s): 
[The Interest Accrual Dates are [●] in each year up to and 
including the Maturity Date.] [The Interest Accrual Dates shall 
be the Interest Payment Dates.] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA Determination] (for 
Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) / [Screen 
Rate Determination] (for Senior Non Preferred Notes)] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[●] [Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to specify 
if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this function)] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (viii)) 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [CMS] [PRIBOR] 
[ROBOR] [BUBOR] [CIBOR] [STIBOR] [NIBOR] [specify 
relevant yield of Government securities] 
 
 
 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
 
 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [   ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London 
Banking 
Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [   ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days /Not

--- Page 235 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 233 - 
47-41025581 
 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag Period 
or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
 
 
D: 
[360/365/[   ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Specified Duration: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Multiplier 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference 
Rate 
Multiplier 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The Interest Determination Date in respect of each Interest 
Period is [the first day of each Interest Period] [the second day 
on which TARGET2 is open prior to the first day of each 
Interest Period] [the day falling two Banking Days prior to the 
first day of each Interest Period] [●]] Typically second 
TARGET Settlement Day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR 
 
 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01] 
 
 
 
Relevant Time 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. [London / Brussels] time] 
 
 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means the 
region comprised of the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro)] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] (for Senior Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes) / [Not Applicable] (for Senior Non 
Preferred Notes)] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (x)) 
 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[●] [Not Applicable](for Senior Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes)/Not Applicable(for Senior Non Preferred 
Notes)] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[●] [Not Applicable](for Senior Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes)/Not Applicable(for Senior Non Preferred 
Notes)] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]

--- Page 236 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 234 - 
47-41025581 
 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
 
(xv) 
Interest calculation method 
for short or long Interest 
Periods: 
[Linear Interpolation, in respect of the Interest Period 
beginning on (and including) [●] and ending on (but excluding) 
[●]]  
 
 
 
[Not Applicable - there are no short or long Interest Periods] 
19. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 20) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum. 
 
 
 
Calculated as [include details of method of calculation in 
summary form] on the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 21) 
 
(i) 
European Style 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (i)) 
 
 
 
Notice Period(s): 
[●] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
 
(ii) 
American Style 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (ii)) 
 
 
 
Exercise Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Call) 
and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Partial Redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (v)) 
 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 237 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 235 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
(vii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Regulatory Call / Redemption for 
taxation reasons 
 
 
(i) 
Regulatory Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraph (ii)of this paragraph 
(i)) 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
payable on redemption for 
regulatory reasons (subject to 
the prior approval of the 
Relevant 
Authority) 
as 
contemplated by Condition 
4(g) 
(Redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or by 
Condition 4(g) (Redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) 
Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Modification 
following 
a 
[MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification 
Event 
/ 
Regulatory Event or Tax 
Event] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 23) 
 
(i) 
European Style 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (i)) 
 
 
 
Notice Period(s): 
[●] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
 
(ii) 
American Style 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (ii)) 
 
 
 
Exercise Period(s): 
[●]

--- Page 238 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 236 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Partial Redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (v)) 
 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on Event of Default: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
[An amount in the Specified Currency being the Nominal 
Amount of the Notes] 
 
 
 
[An amount in the Specified Currency being the higher of (i) 
the Nominal Amount of the Notes and (ii) the fair economic 
value of the Notes at the date of redemption, as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as 
representing the fair economic value of the Note at the date of 
redemption]. 
 
 
 
[An amount in the Specified Currency which the Calculation 
Agent will determine and calculate in its sole discretion in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as 
representing the fair economic value of the Note at the date of 
redemption, without making any reduction to such value by 
reason of the financial condition of the Issuer but taking into 
account (without duplication) any costs and expenses incurred 
by the Issuer in connection with the termination of any 
agreement or instrument entered into by the Issuer for the 
purposes of hedging the risk arising from the entering into and 
performance of its obligations under the Notes.] 
 
 
 
[The Early Redemption Amount Payable on Event of Default 
shall be Euro [●] for each Note of Euro [●] Specified 
Denomination.] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [●] days’ 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in the

--- Page 239 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 237 - 
47-41025581 
 
Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[●] days’ notice.] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]. 
 
 
 
[the Permanent Global Note representing the Notes shall only 
be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances of (1) closure of the ICSDs; and (2) default of 
the Issuer] 
 
 
 
[The Notes will be issued and held in book-entry form by 
[Monte Titoli S.p.A/ include the name of any other custodian 
appointed by the Issuer], as Centralised Custodian.] 
26. 
New Global Note form: 
[Yes/No] 
27. 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
relating to Payment Business Dates: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
 
[Note that this item relates to the date and place of payment 
and not to interest period end dates] 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[No] 
[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are left. The dates on which 
such Talons mature are [●].] 
29. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
(amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
30. 
Total Repurchase Option / Partial 
Repurchase Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 31) 
 
(i) 
Total 
Repurchase 
Option 
date / Partial Repurchase 
Option date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Repurchase amount(s) and 
method(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
31. 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 240 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 238 - 
47-41025581 
 
32. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
33. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
34. 
Other provisions:  
[●] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended and superseded, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MiFID II product governance / target market - [appropriate target market legend to be included] 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - [appropriate target market legend to be included] 
RESPONSIBILITY [AND THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.] [The 
third party information contained in these Final Terms [[●] has been extracted from [●].] [[Each of the] [The] 
Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such third party information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.].] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:

--- Page 241 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 239 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
 
By:   ......................................................................... 
By:   .........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
 
By:   ......................................................................... 
By:   .........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised] 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of Euronext Dublin/Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/Borsa Italiana S.p.A./None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the Euronext Dublin] 
[the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] 
[specify relevant regulated market] with effect from [●] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the Euronext 
Dublin] [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.] [specify relevant regulated market] with effect from 
[●].] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of this 
paragraph 2) 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity(ies)]. 
 
 
[Depending on the status of the credit rating agency with 
respect to the CRA Regulation, the wording below should be 
considered.] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating agency is 
established in the EEA:) 
 
 
[[(Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating)] is established in the EEA and [is included in 
the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets Authority at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-

--- Page 242 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 240 - 
47-41025581 
 
agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither registered nor has 
it applied for registration] under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating agency is 
established in the United Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
[FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the EEA and [is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the website of 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither registered nor has 
it applied f or registration] under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] / [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] / [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating agency is 
not established in the EEA or the United Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK [but 
the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued under the

--- Page 243 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 241 - 
47-41025581 
 
Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”)][and][[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)]]. / [but 
is certified under [Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”)][and][Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)] / [and is not certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”) or Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in either the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
United Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the United Kingdom which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
 
 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
 
[Not applicable] / [The Central Bank of Ireland [has been requested to provide/has provided – include 
first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the 
Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [Commissione Nazionale per la 
Società e la Borsa] [Surveillance du Secteur Financier] [names of competent authorities of host 
Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [and the supplement 
thereto dated [●]] has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Save for the fees payable to the managers [and as discussed in [●],] so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the issue/offer.] [Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]

--- Page 244 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 242 - 
47-41025581 
 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
[(i) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[Not applicable] [●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and sources 
of other funding.)] * 
[(ii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
 
 
[Include breakdown of expenses.] 
[(iii) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[See the section of the Base Prospectus entitled “Use of 
proceeds”.] 
 
 
(Delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph if 
Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible 
Sustainability Projects are not relevant. Otherwise, insert the 
details below, to the extent known at the date of the Final 
Terms.) 
 
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible 
[Green / Social / Sustainability] Projects, as set out in further 
detail below. Capitalised terms shown below have the meaning 
given to them in the section of the Base Prospectus entitled 
“Use of Proceeds”. ] 
 
Eligible projects: 
[   ] 
 
Periodic updates: 
(Insert details of periodic updates, including an updated list of 
Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible 
Sustainability Projects (as the case may be) financed and/or 
refinanced with the net proceeds of the Notes, the amounts 
allocated and their expected impact, any ongoing process of 
verification and information on key performance indicators 
relating to such projects.) 
 
Documents on display: 
(State where the list of eligible projects and any documents 
containing periodic updates are or will be available for 
viewing by Noteholders.)] 
6. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only] YIELD 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of this 
paragraph 6) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
7. 
[Floating 
Rate 
Notes 
only] 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of this 
paragraph 7) 
 
Details 
of 
historic 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/CMS/PRIBOR/ROBOR/BUBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR] rates 
can be obtained by electronic means and [not] free of charge from [Reuters][●] [insert relevant code of

--- Page 245 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 243 - 
47-41025581 
 
information providers].] 
 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration.]] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI 
[●] [[, as set out on the website of the Association of National 
Number Agencies (ANNA)/ [●]]] /[Not applicable] 
 
FISN 
[●] [[, as set out on the website of the Association of National 
Number Agencies (ANNA)/ [●]]] /[Not applicable] 
 
New Global Note intended to be held 
in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) number(s) and address(es)] 
 
Initial Paying Agents: 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
[●] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 246 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 244 - 
47-41025581 
 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers and 
underwriting commitments: 
Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (i)) 
 
 
(if applicable give names and addresses and underwriting 
commitments) 
Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment basis and names and addresses 
of the entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities are not 
the same as the Managers.) 
 
[(ii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable / [●]]  
 
(iii)] 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any):)) 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
10. 
SECONDARY 
MARKET 
PRICING 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraph of this 
paragraph 10) 
 
 
[In the event that the Issuer decides to purchase the Notes from 
the Noteholder prior to the Maturity Date, the secondary 
market pricing provided by the Issuer on the Notes will reflect 
[●] (give details of hedge unwinding costs and/or loss of profit 
related to such hedging portfolio)] 
11. 
SPECIFIC 
BUY 
BACK 
PROVISIONS 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 247 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 245 - 
47-41025581 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraph of this 
paragraph 11) 
 
 
[The value of the Notes shall reflect and shall be calculated on 
the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions. 
 
 
The Market Value of the Underlying Transactions affects the 
repurchase price (Buy Back Price), if any, of the Notes, before 
their maturity.] 
 
Underlying Transactions: 
Information on the composition (unbundling) of the Interest 
Basis, in particular the Extra-Yield with respect to the yield of 
Notes with equal payoff but without Specific Buy Back 
Provisions, and the composition of the Underlying 
Transactions, and any relevant changes thereof, shall be 
published on [the website of Mediobanca www.mediobanca.it] 
[the website of Mediobanca International www.mediobanca.it] 
[the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [the website 
of the Euronext Dublin] [specify alternative method of 
publication]].]

--- Page 248 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 246 - 
47-41025581 
 
TAXATION 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuers’ country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
The following is a general overview of certain Italian, Luxembourg and Irish tax aspects of the purchase, the 
ownership and the disposal of the Notes. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax issues 
which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport 
to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors and of Notes, some of which (such as 
dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult in any case their own tax advisers concerning the 
overall tax regime of their purchase, ownership and disposal of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position 
to duly consider the specific situation of the prospective investor. 
This overview assumes that Mediobanca and Mediobanca International are resident for tax purposes in the 
Republic of Italy and in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg respectively and are structured and conduct their 
business in the manner outlined in this Base Prospectus. Changes in Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca 
International’s organisational structure, tax residence or the manner in which each of them conducts its business, 
as well as in case of substitution of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor as more fully set out in Condition 13 
(Substitution of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes, may 
invalidate this overview. This overview also assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm’s 
length. 
Where in this overview English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian, Luxembourg and Irish concepts, 
the meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent 
Italian, Luxembourg and Irish concepts under Italian, Luxembourg and Irish tax laws. 
This overview is based upon the laws and/or practice in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which may 
be subject to any changes in law and/or practice occurring after such date, which could be made on a retroactive 
basis. Neither Mediobanca nor Mediobanca International will update this summary to reflect changes in law 
and/or practice. If any such change should occur, the information in this overview could become obsolete. 
References to “Noteholders” herein are references to the holders of the Subordinated Notes and/or the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Preferred Notes. 
(A) 
Italian Taxation of the Notes issued by Mediobanca 
Tax on interest, premiums and other proceeds 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended and supplemented (“Decree No. 239”), regulates 
the tax treatment of interest, premiums and other income (including the difference between the redemption amount 
and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Interest”) from certain securities issued, inter alia, by 
Italian resident banks. The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to Notes which qualify as obbligazioni (bonds) 
or titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917 of 22 
December 1986, as amended and supplemented (“Decree No. 917”). For these purposes, securities similar to 
bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation of the issuer to 
pay at maturity an amount not lower than their nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, 
and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in 
connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
The tax regime set forth by Decree No. 239 also applies to interest, premium and other income from regulatory 
capital financial instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, Italian 
banks, other than shares and assimilated instruments.

--- Page 249 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 247 - 
47-41025581 
 
1. 
Notes qualifying as bonds or similar securities 
Italian resident investors 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest accrued on Notes issued by Mediobanca will be subject 
to a substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) at the rate of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or when 
payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale of the Notes) in the Republic of Italy if made to 
beneficial owners who are: 
1) 
individuals resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes, holding the Notes not in connection 
with entrepreneurial activities; 
2) 
Italian resident partnerships (other than “società in nome collettivo”, “società in accomandita 
semplice” or similar partnerships), de facto partnerships not carrying out commercial activities; 
3) 
Italian resident public and private entities, other than companies, trusts not carrying out mainly 
or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; and 
4) 
Italian resident entities exempt from corporate income tax, 
All the above categories are qualified as “net recipients” (unless the relevant Noteholder has entrusted 
the management of its financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and has opted 
for the so-called risparmio gestito regime (the “Asset Management Regime”), according to Article 7 of 
Decree No. 461). 
In the event that the Noteholders described above under 1) and 3) are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. As a 
consequence, Interest on the Notes is subject to ordinary final income tax and the imposta sostitutiva 
may be recovered as a deduction from the final Italian income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraph 
100 – 114, of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (“Law No. 232”), Article 1, paragraphs 211 – 215 of 
Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018 (“Law No. 145”) and Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 
October 2019 (“Law Decree No. 124”), as subsequently amended. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 
219-225 of Law no. 178 of 30 December 2020 (“Law No. 178”), it is further provided that Italian resident 
individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with 
Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124/2019 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding 
to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realized in respect of certain qualifying 
financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain 
conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the 
relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di 
intermediazione mobiliare (so-called “SIMs”), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio, 
stockbrokers and other entities, resident in Italy, identified by a Decree of the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance (“Intermediaries” and each an “Intermediary”), that intervene in any way in the collection of 
the Interest or, also as transferees, in the transfers or, disposals of the Notes. An intermediary must (i) be 
(a) resident in Italy, or (b) a permanent establishments in Italy of a non Italian resident Intermediary or 
(c) an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of 
securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of Italian Ministry of Finance having 
appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 239 and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the 
collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals of the Notes. For the purpose of the 
application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of notes includes any assignment or other act, either with 
or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant notes or in a change 
of the Intermediary with which the notes are deposited.

--- Page 250 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 248 - 
47-41025581 
 
Payments of Interest in respect of Notes issued by Mediobanca that qualify as obbligazioni or titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni are not subject to the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva if made to beneficial 
owners who are: 
1) 
Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of non resident corporations 
to which the Notes are effectively connected; 
2) 
Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities (società in nome collettivo or 
società in accomandita semplice); 
3) 
Italian resident open-ended or closed-ended collective investment funds, investment companies 
with a variable capital (“SICAVs”), investment companies with fixed capital (“SICAFs”), 
(together the “Funds” and each a “Fund”), Italian resident pension funds subject to the regime 
provided for by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 (the “Pension 
Funds”), Italian resident real estate investment funds with fixed capital (“Real Estate SICAFs”) 
and Italian resident real estate investment funds (together, the “Real Estate Funds”); 
4) 
Italian residents holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an Italian authorised 
financial intermediary and have opted for the Asset Management Regime. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of the imposta sostitutiva, 
the investors indicated here above under 1) to 4) must be (a) the beneficial owners of payments of Interest 
on the Notes and (b) timely deposit the Notes together with the coupons relating to such Notes directly 
or indirectly with an Italian authorised financial Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a 
foreign Intermediary). Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Italian 
authorised Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the imposta 
sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes 
or, absent that, by the Issuer. Recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments 
in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta 
sostitutiva suffered from income taxes due. 
Interest accrued on the Notes shall be included in the corporate taxable income (and in certain 
circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also in the net value of production for 
purposes of regional tax on productive activities – “IRAP”) of beneficial owners who are Italian resident 
corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, subject to tax in Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules. 
Italian residents holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have opted for the 
Asset Management Regime in connection with their investment in the Notes are subject to a 26 per cent. 
annual substitute tax (the “Asset Management Tax”) on the increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes during 
the holding period). The Asset Management Tax is applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing 
authorised intermediary. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is a Fund and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised 
intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the financial results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to 
taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the “Collective Investment Fund Tax”). 
Where a Noteholder is a Real Estate Fund, to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 
September 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and 
Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply. Interest accrued on the Notes will be 
subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund. 
The income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the 
status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon 
redemption or disposal of the units.

--- Page 251 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 249 - 
47-41025581 
 
Where the Italian resident investor is a Pension Funds subject to the regime set forth by Article 17, 
paragraph 2, of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005, Interest relating to the Notes and 
accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of each tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. tax 
(the “Pension Fund Tax”) on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax 
year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes during the holding period). 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement), Interest 
in respect to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax pursuant to 
Article 1, paragraph 92, of Law No. 232 if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of 
Law No. 232, Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145, and Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, 
each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Non-Italian resident investors 
According to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest accrued on the Notes issued by Mediobanca that 
qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni will not be subject to the 26 per cent. Imposta 
sostitutiva if made to beneficial owners who are non- Italian resident beneficial owners of Notes not 
having a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, provided that: 
 
such non-Italian resident beneficial owners are resident for tax purposes in a country which 
allows an adequate exchange of information with Italy as listed in the Decree of the Minister of 
Finance dated 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented by Ministerial Decree of 23 
March 2017, and possibly further amended by future decree issued pursuant to Article 11 
paragraph 4 (c) of Decree 239 (the “White List”); and 
 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and the relevant implementing 
rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from the imposta 
sostitutiva have been promptly and properly complied with. 
Decree No. 239, as amended and restated, also provides for additional exemptions from the substitute 
tax for payments of Interest in respect of the Notes made to: 
 
international bodies and organisations established in accordance with international agreements 
ratified in Italy; 
 
foreign institutional investor, whether or not subject to tax, set up in a country included in the 
White List; and 
 
Central Banks or entities managing official State reserves. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of the imposta sostitutiva, 
non-Italian resident investors must: 
 
be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes; 
 
timely deposit the Notes together with the coupons relating to such Notes directly or indirectly 
with a resident bank or a società di intermediazione mobiliare (SIM) or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM or with a non-resident operator 
participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via computer, 
with the Italian Ministry of Economics; and 
 
promptly file with the relevant depository a self-declaration stating, inter alia, to be resident, 
for tax purposes, or established, as the case may be, in a White List State. Such self-declaration 
- which is requested neither for international bodies nor for entities set up in accordance with 
international agreements ratified by Italy nor for foreign Central Banks or entities managing 
official State reserves - must comply with the requirements set forth by Italian Ministerial

--- Page 252 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 250 - 
47-41025581 
 
Decree of 12 December 2001 and is valid until withdrawn or revoked. Additional statements 
may be required for non-Italian resident Noteholders who are institutional investors. 
Failure of a non-resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in 
Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta 
sostitutiva on Interest payments to a non-resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-resident holders of the Notes who are subject to substitute tax might, nevertheless, be eligible for a 
total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of 
residence of the relevant holder of the Notes. 
2. 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes issued by Mediobanca that are not deemed to fall within the category 
of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), but qualify as 
atypical securities (titoli atipici) for Italian tax purposes, may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at 
the rate of 26 per cent.. For this purpose, as indicated above, pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917, 
securities similar to bonds are securities that (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at 
maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value and (ii) do not grant to the relevant holders any 
right to directly or indirectly participate to the management of the issuer or of the business in relation to 
which they are issued or to control the same management. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian resident individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected, (ii) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian resident commercial entity, 
(iii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected, 
(iv) an Italian resident commercial partnership or (v) an Italian resident commercial private or public 
institution, the above-mentioned 26 per cent. withholding tax applies as a provisional withholding tax. 
In all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final 
withholding tax. Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in 
certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax in case of payments to non Italian resident Noteholders, subject 
to proper compliance with relevant subjective and procedural requirements. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes not falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar 
to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) and qualify as titoli atipici (“atypical securities”) pursuant to 
Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, if such Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, 
paragraph 100 – 114 of Law No. 232, Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and Article 13-bis 
of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 
1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing, 
by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 
2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, 
losses and negative differences realized in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised 
in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met 
(e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and 
negative differences against future capital gains). 
For the sake of completeness, it is worth pointing out that non-Italian resident Noteholders may be 
entitled to claim, if certain relevant conditions are met, a reduction of such 26 per cent. withholding tax 
under the double taxation treaty (generally, to 10 per cent. or to the other applicable rates, if more 
favourable), if any, entered into by Italy and its country of residence, subject to timely filing of required 
documentation. 
3. 
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Noteholders

--- Page 253 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 251 - 
47-41025581 
 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable 
business income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also as part 
of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian resident company or a 
similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the 
Notes are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an (i) individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or 
public institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes 
would be subject to a substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva), levied at the current rate of 26 per cent.. 
Noteholders may generally set-off capital losses with gains of the same nature. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any Interest on the Notes accrued and unpaid 
up to the time of the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the purchase price and 
the sale price, respectively. 
In respect of the application of such imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the 
imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of 
any incurred capital loss of the same nature, realised by the Italian resident individual Noteholder holding 
the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the 
Notes carried out during any given tax year. Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, 
net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same nature, in the annual tax return and pay imposta 
sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess 
of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains of the same nature realised in any of the 
four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, (i) Italian resident individual Noteholders holding the 
Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, (ii) Italian resident non-commercial partnerships 
and (iii) Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, 
may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption 
of the Notes under the risparmio amministrato regime, provided for by Article 6 of the Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as a subsequently amended, hereinafter the “Decree 461/1997”). 
Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with Italian 
banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of 
foreign intermediaries) and (ii) an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely 
made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta 
sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in 
respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss of 
the same nature, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the 
taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using 
funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a 
sale or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains of 
the same nature subsequently realised, within the same securities management relationship, in the same 
tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the 
Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with 
an entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the 
Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the Asset Management Regime (the so-called 
regime del risparmio gestito, provided by Article 7 of Decree 461/1997) will be included in the 
computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year 
end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under 
the Asset Management Regime, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be 
carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax

--- Page 254 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 252 - 
47-41025581 
 
years. Under the Asset Management Regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains 
realised in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in 
respect of Notes realized upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the 
Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 
per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232, 
Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them 
as amended and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law No. 178, 
it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term 
individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may 
benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realized 
in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings 
account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the 
possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against 
future capital gains). 
In the case of Notes held by Funds, capital gains on the Notes contribute to determine the increase in 
value of the managed assets of the Funds accrued at the end of each tax year. The Funds will not be 
subject to taxation on such increase, but the Collective Investment Fund Tax will apply, in certain 
circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Noteholders who are Italian Pension Funds (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the 
result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the Pension Fund Tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement), capital 
gains realised in respect to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax 
pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 92, of Law No. 232 if the Notes are included in a long-term individual 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100 – 
114, of Law No. 232, Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and Article 13-bis of Law Decree 
No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident Real Estate Funds are not taxable at the level of the same 
Real Estate Funds, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be 
subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, 
depending on the status of the Noteholders and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate 
Fund is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or the shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Noteholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated 
markets in Italy or abroad are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, regardless of whether the Notes are 
held in Italy. In such a case, in order to beneﬁt from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, 
non-Italian resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised financial intermediary 
and elect to be subject to the Asset Management Regime or are subject to the risparmio amministrato 
regime according to Article 6 of Decree No. 461, may be required to produce in due time to the Italian 
authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration that they are not resident in Italy for tax 
purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated 
markets issued by an Italian or non-Italian resident issuer may in certain circumstances be taxable in Italy, 
if the Notes are held in Italy. 
However, non-Italian resident beneficial owners of Notes without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains 
realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes, provided that the beneficial owners: (i) are resident in a 
White List State; or (ii) are international entities or bodies set up in accordance with international

--- Page 255 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 253 - 
47-41025581 
 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (iii) are Central Banks or entities which manage, 
inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) are institutional investors which are set up in a 
country included in the White List, even if they do not have the “status” of taxpayer. In such cases, in 
order to benefit from the exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident 
Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect to be subject 
to the Asset Management Regime or are subject to the risparmio amministrato regime according to 
Article 6 of Decree No. 461, may be required to produce in due time to the Italian authorised financial 
Intermediary an appropriate self-declaration stating that they meet the subjective requirements indicated 
above. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident Noteholders who are institutional 
investors. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by said non-Italian resident Noteholders 
from the sale or redemption of Notes are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per 
cent. 
Moreover, in any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing 
that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax 
residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised 
upon the sale or redemption of Notes. In such a case, in order to beneﬁt from this exemption from Italian 
taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised 
financial intermediary and elect to be subject to the Asset Management Option or are subject to the 
risparmio amministrato regime according to Article 6 Decree No. 461, may be required to produce in 
due time to the Italian authorised financial intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, 
a statement of residence from the competent tax authorities of the country of residence of the non-Italian 
resident. 
Please note that for a non-Italian resident, the risparmio amministrato regime provided for by Article 6 
of Decree No. 461 shall automatically apply, unless it expressly waives this regime, where the Notes are 
deposited in custody or administration with an Italian resident authorised financial intermediary or 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign intermediary. 
(B) 
Tax regime of the Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International 
1. 
Tax treatment of the Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International in Luxembourg 
Luxembourg tax residency of the holders of the Senior Notes 
A holder of the Senior Notes will not become resident, or be deemed to be resident, in the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg by reason only of the holding of the Senior Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery 
and/or enforcement of the Senior Notes (holding of the Notes includes receipt of interest and repayment 
of the principal). 
Withholding tax 
All payments of interest and principal by the Issuer in the context of the holding, disposal, redemption 
or repurchase of the Senior Notes can be made free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance with the applicable Luxembourg 
law, subject however: 
(i) 
with respect to Luxembourg resident investors, to the application as regards Luxembourg 
resident individuals of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as modified, which foresees 
a 20% final withholding tax (which is final when Luxembourg resident individuals are acting 
in the context of the management of their private wealth) on interest payments made by 
Luxembourg paying agents to Luxembourg individual residents. This withholding tax also 
applies on accrued interest received upon sale, redemption or repurchase of the Senior Notes. 
Luxembourg resident investors not holding Senior Notes as a business assets may benefit, under 
conditions, from such final 20% withholding tax for interest payments that are made through a

--- Page 256 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 254 - 
47-41025581 
 
paying agent established in another EU-Member State or in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area; and 
(ii) 
responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the above-mentioned Luxembourg 
modified law of 23 December 2005, as modified, is assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent 
within the meaning of these laws. 
Income taxation of the holders of the Senior Notes 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-residents 
Holders of the Senior Notes who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who do not have a permanent 
establishment or a permanent representative in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to which the Senior 
Notes are attributable are not liable to any Luxembourg income tax, whether they receive payments of 
principal, payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest), payments received upon the 
redemption of the Senior Notes, or realize capital gains on the sale of any Senior Notes. 
Holder of the Senior Notes who are non-resident of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and who have a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to which the 
Senior Notes are attributable on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Senior Notes are 
subject to Luxembourg income tax and municipal business tax. 
Taxation of Luxembourg residents 
Interest Income 
Holders of the Senior Notes who are residents of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, or non-resident 
holders of the Senior Notes who have a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to which the holding of the Senior Notes is attributable, must, for income 
tax purposes, include any interest received in their taxable income. They will not be liable to any 
Luxembourg income tax on repayment of principal. 
For individuals resident in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the 20% tax withheld at source constitutes 
a final taxation to the extent the Senior Notes do not constitute business assets. 
Capital Gains 
Luxembourg resident individuals 
Luxembourg resident individuals who are holders of the Senior Notes and who are acting in the course 
of the management of their private wealth are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the disposal 
of the Senior Notes, unless the disposal of the Senior Notes precedes the acquisition of the Senior Notes 
or the Senior Notes are disposed of within six months of the date of acquisition of these Senior Notes. 
Upon redemption of the Senior Notes, individual Luxembourg resident holders of the Senior Notes must 
however include the portion of the redemption price corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest in their 
taxable income except if (a) withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the 
law of 23 December 2005, as amended, or (b) the individual holder of the Senior Notes has opted for the 
application of a 20% tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, 
as amended, which applies if a payment of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in an EU Member State (other than Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area. 
Luxembourg resident individuals who are holders of the Senior Notes and who are acting in the course 
of the management of their professional or business undertaking to which the Senior Notes are 
attributable, on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Senior Notes are subject to 
Luxembourg income tax and municipal business tax. 
Luxembourg resident companies – Luxembourg permanent establishment of foreign enterprises

--- Page 257 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 255 - 
47-41025581 
 
Luxembourg resident companies (sociétés de capitaux) that are holders of the Senior Notes or foreign 
enterprises which have a permanent establishment in Luxembourg to which the Senior Notes are 
attributed, must include in their taxable income the difference between the disposal price (including 
accrued but unpaid interest) and the book value of the Senior Notes disposed of. 
Luxembourg resident entities benefiting from a special tax regime 
Holders of the Senior Notes who are undertakings for collective investment governed by the amended 
law of 17 December 2010, specialized investment funds governed by the amended law of 13 February 
2007, family wealth management companies governed by the amended law of 11 May 2007 or reserved 
alternative investment funds organized similarly to special investment funds and governed by the law of 
23 July 2016, are tax exempt entities in Luxembourg, and are thus not subject to any Luxembourg direct 
taxes (i.e. corporate income tax, municipal business tax and net wealth tax) with respect to the Senior 
Notes. 
Companies subject to the amended law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital investment companies and or 
reserved alternative investment funds organized similarly to venture capital investment companies and 
subject to the law of 23 July 2016 might enjoy an exemption on income and gains from the Senior Notes 
in accordance with, and subject to, the requirements of such laws. 
Net Wealth Tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on a holder of a Note unless: (i) such holder is, or is deemed 
to be, resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant provisions; or (ii) such Note is attributable 
to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
As from 1 January 2016 the minimum corporate income tax regime has been replaced by a minimum net 
wealth tax levied either at a fixed amount of EUR 4,815 as from 1 January 2017 for Luxembourg 
corporate taxpayers holding financial assets exceeding 90% of their balance sheet and a total balance 
sheet of EUR 350,000 or at a progressive scale between EUR 535 and EUR 32,100 depending on the 
balance sheet total (the “Minimum Net Wealth Tax”). Effective as from that date the Minimum Net 
Wealth Tax also applies to securitization companies, undertakings for collective venture capital 
investments (SICAR) and reserved alternative investment funds organized similarly to venture capital 
investment companies. 
A corporate holder of a Note, whether resident of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for tax purposes or 
maintaining a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg to which such Notes are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg wealth tax if the holder 
is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate companies, as amended, by the law of 17 
December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment (except for the Minimum Net Wealth Tax), as 
amended, by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or is a 
securitisation company governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation (except for the Minimum 
Net Wealth Tax), as amended, or a capital company governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture 
capital vehicles, as amended, or a reserved alternative investment fund organized governed by the law of 
23 July 2016 (except for the. Minimum Net Wealth Tax if the fund is organized similarly to a venture 
capital investment company). 
In respect of individuals, the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 has abolished the net wealth tax 
with effect from 1 January 2006. 
Other Taxes 
1. 
Registration duties 
It is not compulsory that the Notes be filed, recorded, enrolled or subject to any other formality 
in Luxembourg with any notary, any court or other authority in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg in order to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility as evidence 
of any of the Notes in Luxembourg, or that registration tax, transfer tax, capital tax, stamp duty 
or any other similar tax or duty be paid in respect of or in connection with the execution, delivery

--- Page 258 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 256 - 
47-41025581 
 
and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of 
Luxembourg) of the Notes, in accordance therewith, except that, in case the Notes are registered 
(or lodged with a notary’s records), either voluntarily or by order of a Luxembourg court in case 
of legal proceedings or a Luxembourg official authority, or if they are attached (annexés) to any 
document subject to mandatory registration in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (such as a 
public deed), a fixed or an ad valorem registration duty of 0.24% calculated on the amounts of 
loans or other obligations of sums of money mentioned in the Notes will be due. In practice 
such kind of registration is rarely ordered. 
2. 
VAT 
There is no Luxembourg value-added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for 
the issue of the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes or the 
transfer of Notes, provided that Luxembourg value-added tax may, however, be payable in 
respect of fees charged for certain services rendered to the Issuer, if for Luxembourg value-
added tax purposes such services are rendered, or are deemed to be rendered, in the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg and an exemption from Luxembourg value-added tax does not apply 
with respect to such services. 
3. 
Inheritance and gift tax 
No Luxembourg inheritance tax is levied on the transfer of Senior Notes upon the death of a 
Noteholder in cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax 
purposes. 
Luxembourg gift tax will be levied in the event that the gift is made pursuant to a notarial deed 
signed before a Luxembourg notary. 
2. 
Tax treatment of the Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International in Italy 
Tax on interest, premium and other proceeds 
Decree No. 239, regulates the tax treatment of interest, premiums and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as 
“Interest”) from certain securities issued, inter alia, by non-Italian resident banks. The provisions of 
Decree No. 239 only apply to Notes which qualify as obbligazioni (bonds) or titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, 
as amended and supplemented (“Decree No. 917”). For these purposes, securities similar to bonds (titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni) are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation of the issuer to pay 
at maturity an amount not lower than their nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, 
and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the 
business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
(i) 
Senior Notes qualifying as bonds or similar securities 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, a substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent referred to as imposta 
sostitutiva is applied on Interest on Senior Notes qualifying as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities 
similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) within the meaning of Article 44 of Decree 
No. 917 issued by a non-Italian resident issuer accrued during the relevant holding period, if 
received by beneficial owners who are: 
(1) 
individuals resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes, holding the Notes not in 
connection with entrepreneurial activities; 
(2) 
Italian resident partnerships (other than “società in nome collettivo”, “società in 
accomandita semplice” or similar partnerships), de facto partnerships not carrying out 
commercial activities;

--- Page 259 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 257 - 
47-41025581 
 
(3) 
Italian resident public and private entities, other than companies, trusts not carrying out 
mainly or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial 
entities not carrying out commercial activities; and 
(4) 
Italian resident entities exempt from corporate income tax, unless they have entrusted 
the management of his financial assets, including the Senior Notes, to an authorised 
intermediary and have opted for the Asset Management Regime. 
If the Noteholders described under paragraphs (1) and (3) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Senior Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies 
as a provisional tax. As a consequence, the Interest is subject to the ordinary income tax and the 
imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the final income tax due. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by Italian 
Intermediaries or by permanent establishments in Italy of Intermediaries resident outside Italy. 
Italian Intermediaries (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign Intermediaries) must 
intervene in any way in the collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals 
of the Senior Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of 
notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results 
in a change of the ownership of the relevant notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which 
the notes are deposited. 
Where the Senior Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the 
substitute tax is applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary (or permanent establishment 
in Italy of foreign intermediary) that intervenes in the payment of Interest to any Noteholder. 
Where Interest on Senior Notes beneficially owned by the subjects from paragraphs (1) to (4) 
above are not collected through the intervention of an Italian resident intermediary and as such 
no imposta sostitutiva is applied, the above Italian resident beneficial owners will be required 
to declare Interest in their yearly income tax return and subject them to final substitute tax at a 
rate of 26 per cent. (only limited to those Noteholders not engaged in a business activity to 
which the Senior Notes are effectively connected), unless option for a different regime is 
allowed and made. Italian resident Noteholders that are individuals not engaged in 
entrepreneurial activity may elect instead to pay ordinary personal income taxes at the 
progressive rates applicable to them in respect of Interest on such Senior Notes: if so, the 
beneficial owners should be generally entitled to a tax credit for withholding taxes applied 
outside Italy, if any. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), Interest in 
respect of the Senior Notes that qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni 
received by Italian resident individuals holding the Senior Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 
June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, 
including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Senior Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 
1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232, Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and 
Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable from time to 
time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law No. 178, it is further provided that 
Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings 
account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit 
from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences 
realized in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term 
individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. 
including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and 
negative differences against future capital gains). 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual who has not qualified as an Italian tax 
resident for at least 9 of the past 10 years, who transferred the tax residence to Italy and who 
opted for the application of a yearly € 100,000 substitute tax on the foreign-sourced income 
pursuant to Article 24-bis of Decree No. 917/1986, as introduced by the Law No. 232 of 11

--- Page 260 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 258 - 
47-41025581 
 
December 2016 (the “2017 Budget Law”), the payment of such substitute tax will replace any 
income tax on the foreign-sourced income, including Interest on Senior Notes. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder who is beneficial owner of the Senior Notes is a company 
or similar commercial entity, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to 
which the Senior Notes are effectively connected and the Senior Notes and relevant coupons 
are timely deposited with an Intermediary, Interest from the Senior Notes will not be subject to 
the imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Noteholder’s annual income tax 
return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (and, in certain 
circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also to IRAP). In such cases, the 
beneficial owners should be generally entitled to a tax credit for withholding taxes applied 
outside Italy, if any. 
For those categories of Noteholders not specifically mentioned in this paragraph and for 
Noteholders who are Italian Pension Funds, Italian Funds or Real Estate Funds please refer to 
paragraph “Italian Taxation of Notes issued by Mediobanca – Tax on interest, premium and 
other proceeds – Notes qualifying as bonds or similar securities - Italian resident investors” 
above. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
No Italian substitute tax is applied on payments to a non-Italian resident Noteholder not having 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Senior Notes are effectively connected of 
Interest relating to Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer. 
If Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer and beneficially owned by non-Italian 
residents are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other 
resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or in any 
case an Italian resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
intermediary) intervenes in the payment of Interest on such Senior Notes, to ensure payment of 
Interest without application of Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Noteholder may be required 
to produce to the Italian bank or other intermediary a self-declaration stating that he or she is 
not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Senior Notes would be subject to the same 
tax regime as described under (A).3. “Capital gains tax”, above. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual who has not qualified as an Italian tax 
resident for at least 9 of the past 10 years, who transferred the tax residence to Italy and who 
opted for the application of a yearly € 100,000 substitute tax on the foreign-sourced income 
pursuant to art. 24-bis of Decree No. 917/1986, as introduced by the 2017 Budget Law, the 
payment of such substitute tax will replace any income tax on the foreign-sourced income, 
including capital gains on the sale or redemption of Senior Notes held out of the Italian territory. 
(ii) 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities 
Interest payments to Italian resident Noteholders relating to Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian 
resident issuer that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), but qualify as atypical securities 
(titoli atipici) for Italian tax purposes, may be subject to Italian withholding tax, levied at the 
rate of 26 per cent.. For this purpose, as indicated above, pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 
917, securities similar to bonds are securities that (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to 
pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value and (ii) do not grant to the 
relevant holders any right to directly or indirectly participate to the management of the issuer or 
of the business in relation to which they are issued or to control the same management.

--- Page 261 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 259 - 
47-41025581 
 
If the Senior Notes are issued by a non-Italian resident issuer, a 26 per cent. “entrance” 
withholding tax may apply in Italy if the Senior Notes are placed (“collocate”) in Italy and 
Interest payments on the Notes are collected through an Italian bank or other qualified financial 
intermediary. However, the 26 per cent. “entrance” withholding tax does not apply to Interest 
payments made: 
(a) 
to a non-Italian resident Noteholder. If Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian resident 
issuer and beneficially owned by non-Italian residents are deposited with an Italian 
bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or 
permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or in any case an Italian 
resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) 
intervenes in the payment of Interest on such Senior Notes, to ensure payment of 
Interest without application of Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Noteholder may 
be required to produce to the Italian bank or other intermediary a self- declaration 
stating that he or she is not resident in Italy for tax purposes; and 
(b) 
to an Italian resident Noteholder which is (i) a company or similar commercial entity 
(including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Senior 
Notes are effectively connected), (ii) a commercial partnership, or (iii) a commercial 
private or public institution. In particular, in such cases, Interest must be included in 
the relevant Noteholder’s annual income tax return, to be therefore subject to general 
Italian corporate taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of 
the Noteholder, also to IRAP) according to the ordinary rules and the beneficial owners 
should be generally entitled to a tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, 
if any. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual who has not qualified as an Italian tax 
resident for at least 9 of the past 10 years, who transferred the tax residence to Italy and who 
opted for the application of a yearly € 100,000 substitute tax on the foreign-sourced income 
pursuant to art. 24-bis of Decree No. 917/1986, as introduced by the 2017 Budget Law, the 
payment of such substitute tax will replace any income tax on the foreign-sourced income, 
including Interest payments relating to Senior Notes. 
With respect to the other categories of Italian resident Noteholders, if Interest payments on 
Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer are not collected through an Italian resident 
bank or other qualified financial intermediary, and as such no “entrance” withholding tax is 
required to be levied, such Noteholders will be required to report the payments in their yearly 
income tax return and subject them to a final substitute tax at rate of 26 per cent. (only limited 
to those Noteholders not engaged in a business activity to which the Senior Notes are effectively 
connected). Italian resident individual beneficial owners holding Senior Notes not in connection 
with a business activity may elect instead to pay ordinary personal income tax at the progressive 
rates applicable to them in respect of Interest payments: if so, the beneficial owners should 
generally benefit from tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
In case Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer are held by an Italian resident 
individual engaged in a business activity and are effectively connected with same business 
activity, the Interest will be subject to the 26 per cent. “entrance” withholding tax on a 
provisional basis and will be included in the relevant income tax return. As a consequence, the 
Interest will be subject to the ordinary income tax and the withholding tax may be recovered as 
a deduction from the income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 
of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax 
on interest, premium and other income relating to the Senior Notes not falling within the 
category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) 
and qualify as titoli atipici (“atypical securities”) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 
of 30 September 1983, if such Senior Notes are included in a long-term individual savings

--- Page 262 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 260 - 
47-41025581 
 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100 
– 114 of Law No. 232, Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and Article 13-bis of 
Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to 
Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident 
individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant 
with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit 
corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realized in respect of 
certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, 
provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the 
possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences 
against future capital gains). 
For the sake of completeness, it is worth pointing out that non-Italian resident Noteholders may 
be entitled to claim, if certain relevant conditions are met, a reduction of such 26 per cent. 
withholding tax under the double taxation treaty (generally, to 10 per cent. or to the other 
applicable rates, if more favourable), if any, entered into by Italy and its country of residence, 
subject to timely filing of required documentation 
3. 
Payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
There is no authority directly regarding the Italian tax regime of payments on notes made by an Italian 
resident guarantor. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian tax authorities will not assert 
an alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that the Italian courts would not 
support such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Senior Notes made to Italian resident Noteholders by an Italian resident 
guarantor, in accordance with an interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payments may be subject to 
Italian withholding tax at the rate of 26 per cent. levied as a final tax or a provisional tax (“a titolo 
d'imposta o a titolo di acconto”) depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, pursuant to Decree No. 
600. Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, 
nil) rate of withholding tax in case of payments to non-Italian residents, subject to proper compliance 
with relevant subjective and procedural requirements. In accordance with another interpretation, any such 
payment made by the Italian resident guarantor should be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment 
by the relevant issuer and should thus be subject to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs 
of this section. 
(C) 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, as converted in law, with amendments, pursuant to 
Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, transfers of Notes as a result of death or donation of Italian residents 
and of non-Italian residents, but in such latter case limited to Notes held within the Italian territory (which, 
for presumption of law, includes bonds issued by Italian resident issuers), are generally taxed in Italy as 
follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding €1,000,000.00 for each beneficiary; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance 
or the gift; 
(iii) 
transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the 
value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding €100,000.00 for each beneficiary; and 
(iv) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on the 
entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the beneficiary has a serious disability recognised by law, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned above 
in (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, € 1,500,000.

--- Page 263 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 261 - 
47-41025581 
 
A tax credit may be available for the inheritance and gift tax paid in Italy under the applicable double tax 
treaty on inheritance and gift, if any. 
(D) 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the following registration tax: (i) public deeds 
and notarised deeds are subject to a fixed registration tax at a rate of € 200.00; (ii) private deeds are 
subject to lump sum of € 200.00 registration tax only if they are voluntary registered or if the so- called 
“caso d'uso” or “enunciazione” occurs. 
(E) 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2-ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October, 
1972, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent 
by financial intermediaries, carrying out their business activity within the Italian territory, to their clients 
for the Notes deposited therewith. The stamp duty applies at the current rate of 0.2 per cent.; this stamp 
duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value figure is available – the 
nominal value or redemption amount or, in the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be 
determined, on the purchase value of the Notes held. If the Noteholder is not an individual, the stamp 
duty cannot exceed € 14,000.00. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for 
which is not mandatory nor the deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of 
reporting periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable based on the period accounted. 
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May, 
2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the 
Bank of Italy on 20 June, 2012) of an entity that exercises a banking, financial or insurance activity in 
any form within the Italian territory. 
(F) 
Wealth tax on Notes deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree No. 201, Italian resident individuals, non-profit entities and certain 
partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with article 5 of Presidential Decree 
917) resident in Italy for tax purposes holding the Notes outside the Italian territory are required to pay 
an additional tax at the current rate of 0.2 per cent. (“IVAFE”), which, for taxpayers other than 
individuals, cannot exceed €14,000 (Article 134 of Law Decree No. 34 of 20 May 2020). 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no market 
value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value or, in the case the nominal or 
redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase of such financial assets held outside the Italian 
territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in 
the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
(G) 
Tax Monitoring 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990 (“Decree No. 167”), as amended by Law of 6 August 
2013, No. 97 (Legge Europea 2013), individuals, non-commercial institutions and non- commercial 
partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with article 5 of Presidential Decree 
917) resident in Italy for tax purposes, under certain conditions, will be required to report in their yearly 
income tax return, for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of investments (including the Notes) directly 
or indirectly held abroad during each tax year. Inbound and outbound transfers and other transfers 
occurring abroad in relation to investments should not be reported in the income tax return. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial 
instruments, are the beneficial owners of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Notes 
deposited for management or administration with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts 
entered into through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes

--- Page 264 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 262 - 
47-41025581 
 
have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries: or (iii) if the foreign investments which are only 
composed by deposits and/or bank accounts when their aggregate value does not exceeds a €15,000 
threshold throughout the year. 
(H) 
Irish Taxation of the Notes issued by Mediobanca and Mediobanca International 
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Notes. The summary does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. 
The summary is based upon the laws of Ireland and the published practices of the Revenue 
Commissioners of Ireland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors in the 
Notes should consult their own advisers as to the Irish or other tax consequences of the purchase, 
beneficial ownership and disposition of the Notes including, in particular, the effect of any state or local 
law taxes, if applicable. 
4. 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
 
Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest that is capable of arising for a period in 
excess of one year); 
 
Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being made 
for a period in excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the recipient); and 
 
Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by 
companies that are resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax; 
Such withholding tax arises at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) to payments of 
Irish source yearly interest and Irish source annual payments, and at a prescribed rate of 25 per cent. to 
distributions. 
On the basis that the relevant Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor does the 
relevant Issuer operate in Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the Notes is 
connected, nor are the Notes held in Ireland through a depository or otherwise located in Ireland, then to 
the extent that payments of interest or annual payments arise on the Notes, such payments should not be 
regarded as payments having an Irish source for the purposes of Irish taxation. 
Accordingly, the relevant Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the relevant Issuer (save as 
described at Irish Encashment Tax below) should not be obliged to deduct any amount on account of 
Irish tax from payments made in connection with the Notes. 
Separately, for as long as the Notes are quoted on a stock exchange, an investor should not be obliged to 
deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in connection with the purchase 
of the Notes. 
5. 
Irish Encashment Tax 
Payments on any Notes paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent in Ireland 
acting on behalf of the beneficial owner of Notes will be subject to Irish encashment tax at a prescribed 
rate of 25 per cent. This is unless it is proved, on a claim made in the required manner to the Revenue 
Commissioners of Ireland, that the beneficial owner of the Notes entitled to the interest or distribution is 
not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax and such interest or distribution is not deemed, under 
the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be the income of another person that is resident in Ireland. 
Separately, an exemption will apply where the payment is made to a company where that company is 
beneficially entitled to that income and is or will be within the charge to corporation tax in respect of that 
income.

--- Page 265 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 263 - 
47-41025581 
 
(I) 
Exchange of information under Directive on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation 
On 3 June 2003, the EU Council of Economic and Finance Ministers (“ECOFIN”) adopted a directive 
regarding the taxation of savings income (“EU Savings Directive” or the “Directive”). Under the 
Directive each Member State is required to provide to the tax authorities of another Member State details 
of payments of interest or other similar income paid by a person within its jurisdiction to an individual 
resident in that other Member State. A number of non-EU countries and certain dependent or associated 
territories of certain Member States, have adopted similar measures (either provision of information or 
transitional withholding) in relation to payments made by a person within its jurisdiction to, or collected 
by such person for, an individual resident in a Member State. In addition, the Member States have entered 
into provision of information or transitional withholding arrangements with certain of those dependent 
or associated territories in relation to payments made by a person in a Member State to, or collected by 
such a person from, an individual resident in one of those territories. 
Italy originally implemented the Directive through Legislative Decree No. 84 of 18 April 2005 (“Decree 
84”). 
On 10 November 2015, the EU Council Directive 2015/2060/EU, under proposal of the European 
Commission, repealed the EU Savings Directive, which was replaced by the DAC, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation. This is to prevent 
overlap between the EU Savings Directive and the new automatic exchange of information regime to be 
implemented under the DAC. 
The new regime under DAC is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development in July 2014. It is worth mentioning that the range of payments 
to be automatically reported under the DAC is broader than the scope of the automatic information 
previously foreseen by the EU Savings Directive. Moreover, unlike the EU Saving Directive, the DAC 
does not impose withholding taxes. 
The DAC has been implemented in Italy through Legislative Decree No. 29 of 4 March 2014, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time, and with Ministerial Decree of 28 December 2015 issued by the 
Minister of Economy and Finance, as amended and supplemented from time to time, (published in the 
Official Gazette No. 303 of 31 December 2015). Accordingly, Legislative Decree No. 84 of 18 April 
2005 (implementing in Italy the EU Saving Directive) has been repealed with effect from 1 January 2016 
by Article 28 of Law No. 122 of 7 July 2016. 
Finally, Directive (EU) 2018/822 of May 25, 2018 (the so-called “DAC 6”) introduced the obligation, 
for intermediaries and taxpayers, to communicate to the financial administrations of EU Countries the 
cross-border arrangements potentially usable for aggressive tax planning. 
Under DAC 6, intermediaries which meet certain EU nexus criteria and taxpayers are required to disclose 
to the relevant tax authorities certain cross-border arrangements, which contain one or more of a 
prescribed list of hallmarks, performed from 25 June 2018 onwards. In specific cases, this obligation will 
shift to the taxpayer. Information with regard to reported arrangements will be automatically exchanged 
by the competent authority of each EU jurisdiction every 3 months. Under DAC 6, a cross-border 
arrangement has to be reported if (i) it is a cross-border arrangement which bears one or more of the 
hallmarks listed in DAC 6, (ii) in certain instances the main or expected benefit of the arrangement is a 
tax advantage and (iii) it concerns at least one EU jurisdiction. 
The Issuers or its intermediaries involved may be legally obliged to notify to tax authorities certain types 
of cross-border arrangements and proposals for implementing such arrangements. 
Italy has implemented the DAC 6 with Legislative Decree of 30 July 2020, No. 100 and Ministerial 
Decree of 17 November 2020. 
Luxembourg has implemented the DAC 6 with the Law of 25 March 2020. 
(J) 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) Withholding

--- Page 266 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 264 - 
47-41025581 
 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign 
passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. 
A number of jurisdictions, including Ireland, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Republic of Italy, 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States 
to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019 and Notes characterised as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax 
purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues”) 
that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat 
all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 267 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 265 - 
47-41025581 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under 
the Prospectus Regulation. Application has also been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official 
List of the Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Euronext Dublin. The 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the MiFID II (Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended). 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed or admitted to trading 
on the Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange or which will be listed or admitted to trading on 
such stock exchange as the Issuers and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
The Central Bank of Ireland may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to the competent authority 
of another European Economic Area Member State: (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; (ii) and a 
Certificate of Approval of a Prospectus. 
2. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
Ireland and the Republic of Italy in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme and 
the issue and performance of the Notes and the guarantee relating to the Senior Notes. The update of the 
Programme, including the giving of the Guarantee with respect to the Senior Preferred Notes issued by 
Mediobanca International, was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Mediobanca 
International passed on 20 October 2021, resolutions adopted by the Executive Committee of 
Mediobanca passed on 26 October 2021 and the decision (determina) assumed by the Managing Director 
(Direttore Generale) of Mediobanca on 17 November 2021. 
3. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
4. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus at page 177 and 178, Mediobanca International (where 
Mediobanca International is the Issuer) is not and none of Mediobanca and its consolidated subsidiaries 
(where Mediobanca is the Issuer or the Guarantor) is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings in the 12 months preceding the date of this document relating to claims or 
amounts of money which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on each of the 
Group’s financial position or profitability and, so far as Mediobanca or, as the case may be, Mediobanca 
International is aware, no such governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings is pending or threatened. 
5. 
Neither Mediobanca nor Mediobanca International nor any of Mediobanca’s subsidiaries has entered into 
any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may 
reasonably be expected to be material to such Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders. 
6. 
Except for the developments described in the section headed “Systemic risks in connection with the 
economic/financial crisis”, in particular for the possible impact of the Covid-19 crisis, since 30 June 
2021 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent audited annual 
financial statements of Mediobanca have been prepared) there has been no material adverse change in 
the prospects of Mediobanca or its subsidiaries. 
7. 
Except for the developments described in the section headed “Systemic risks in connection with the 
economic/financial crisis”, in particular for the possible impact of the Covid-19 crisis, since 30 June 
2021 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent and available audited 
annual financial statements of Mediobanca International have been prepared) there has been no material 
adverse change in the prospects of Mediobanca International. 
8. 
There have been no significant changes to the financial or trading position or to the financial performance 
of Mediobanca or the other companies forming part of the Group since the most recent audited financial 
information available was disclosed in the annual financial statements as at 30 June 2021;

--- Page 268 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 266 - 
47-41025581 
 
9. 
There have been no significant changes to the financial or trading position or to the financial performance 
of Mediobanca International since the most recent audited financial information available was disclosed 
in the non-consolidated annual financial statements as at 30 June 2021. 
10. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the following 
documents will be available in electronic form (unless the investor requests physical copies), and in the 
case of paragraphs (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) below, may be obtained free of charge during usual business 
hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the office of the Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agent: 
(i) 
the Deed of Guarantee. A copy of the Deed of Guarantee will be electronically available for 
viewing on the Issuers’ websites: www.mediobanca.it (in respect of Mediobanca – Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A.) and www.mediobancaint.lu (in respect of Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.); 
(ii) 
the By-laws (Statuto) of Mediobanca and articles of incorporation of Mediobanca International. 
A copy of the By-laws (Statuto) of Mediobanca and articles of incorporation of Mediobanca 
International will be electronically available for viewing on the Issuers’  websites: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/governance-reports-and-
documents/documents.html (in respect of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.) 
and https://www.mediobancaint.lu/en/index.html (in respect of Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.); 
(iii) 
the published annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years 
ended 30 June 2021 and 2020; 
(iv) 
the consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the years ended 30 
June 2021 and 2020; 
(v) 
Final Terms for Notes which are listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin or any other 
stock exchange; 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus. 
A copy of this Base Prospectus will also be electronically available for viewing on Euronext Dublin’s 
website (https://live.euronext.com/). 
In compliance with Article 21(3) of the Prospectus Regulation, a copy of this Base Prospectus along with 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and any applicable supplement and final 
terms will be electronically available for viewing on Euronext Dublin website. 
11. 
Physical copies of the latest annual consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca and annual financial 
statements of Mediobanca International may be obtained upon request at the specified office of the 
Paying Agent during normal business hours, so long as any of the Notes is outstanding. 
12. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code, the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), the Classification of Financial Instrument (CFI) 
Code, and the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to be 
cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
13. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Mediobanca is: PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44. 
14. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Mediobanca International is: 549300DV870NBWY5W279. 
15. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855

--- Page 269 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 267 - 
47-41025581 
 
Luxembourg, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The address of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is Piazza degli Affari 
6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
16. 
The websites of the Issuers are, respectively: www.mediobanca.it (in respect of Mediobanca – Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A.) and www.mediobancaint.lu (in respect of Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.). For the avoidance of doubts, unless specifically incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, information contained on any website indicated herein does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
17. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, Mediobanca and 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of Mediobanca or Mediobanca’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers 
or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with Mediobanca routinely hedge their credit exposure 
to Mediobanca consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph 17 the term “affiliates” includes 
also parent companies. 
18. 
With respect to Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation the Issuers consent, to the extent and under the 
conditions, if any, indicated in the Final Terms, to the use of the Base Prospectus in Italy, Ireland and/or 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as long as the Base Prospectus is valid in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation and accepts responsibility for the content of the Base Prospectus also with respect 
to subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes by any Dealer and/or financial intermediary which 
was given consent to use the prospectus. 
Such consent may be given to all (general consent) or only one or more (individual consent) specified 
Dealers and/or financial intermediaries and/or for a limited or indefinite period, as stated in the Final 
Terms, and for Italy, Ireland and/or the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as member states in which the Base 
Prospectus has been passported and which will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Such consent by the Issuers is subject to each Dealer and/or financial intermediary complying with the 
terms and conditions described in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as any 
applicable selling restrictions. The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary, if any, and/or each person into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms come are 
required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The Issuers reserve the right to 
withdraw its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain Dealers and/or each financial 
intermediary. 
In case of an offer being made by a Dealer or a financial intermediary, such Dealer or financial 
intermediary will provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the 
time the offer is made.

--- Page 270 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 268 - 
47-41025581 
 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the Base Prospectus is given to all Dealers or 
financial intermediaries (general consent), any Dealer or financial intermediary using the Base 
Prospectus is required to state on its website that it uses the Base Prospectus in accordance with 
the consent and the conditions attached thereto. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the prospectus is given to one or more specified 
Dealers or financial intermediaries (individual consent), any new information with respect to 
Dealers or financial intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus or 
the filing of the Final Terms will be published on the website www.mediobanca.it.

--- Page 271 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 269 - 
47-41025581 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
$  ....................................................................... viii 
£  ....................................................................... viii 
€STR ............................................................ 81, 135 
€STR reference rate ..................................... 81, 135 
€STRi ........................................................... 81, 135 
1/1 ................................................................ 61, 115 
2017 Budget Law............................................... 261 
30/360 .......................................................... 62, 116 
30E/360 ....................................................... 62, 116 
30E/360 (ISDA) ........................................... 63, 117 
360/360 ........................................................ 62, 116 
A  ................................................................ 69, 123 
Acceptance Statement ................................... iii, 205 
Accountholder ................................................... 163 
Accrual Yield ............................................... 60, 114 
Actual/360 ................................................... 62, 116 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ....................................... 62, 116 
Actual/Actual ............................................... 61, 115 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ................................. 61, 115 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) .................................. 61, 115 
Additional Business Centre(s) ..................... 60, 114 
Additional Financial Centre ....................... 100, 154 
Additional Financial Centre(s) .................... 60, 114 
Administrative Action ................................. 91, 145 
Applicable Banking Regulations ................. 88, 142 
Asset Instruments ........................................ 96, 150 
Asset Management Regime ............................... 251 
Asset Management Tax ..................................... 252 
Authorised Offeror Contract .............................. 206 
Authorised Offeror Terms ................................. 205 
Authorised Offerors .............................................. iii 
AY ............................................................... 66, 120 
Bank of Italy ................................................ 58, 112 
Bond Basis ................................................... 62, 116 
Broken Amount ........................................... 60, 114 
BRRD .......................................................... 92, 147 
Business Day ............................................... 61, 114 
Buy Back Price ............................................ 94, 149 
Buy-Back Price ............................................ 95, 149 
C  ................................................................ 69, 123 
Calculation Agent ........................................ 61, 115 
Calculation Amount ..................................... 61, 115 
Calculation Period ....................................... 61, 115 
Cash Instrument ........................................... 95, 149 
Cash-CDS Arbitrage .................................... 95, 149 
CBL ..................................................................... 53 
CDS Components ........................................ 96, 150 
Centralised Custodian .......................................... 53 
CGN ..................................................................... 53 
Classic Global Note ............................................. 53 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ................................... 53 
CMS ............................................................. 61, 115 
Compounded Daily €STR ........................... 80, 134 
Conditions............................................... i, 209, 231 
CONSOB ............................................................. 14 
Coupons ....................................................... 57, 111 
CRA ................................................................... 172 
CRA Regulation ........................................... 88, 142 
CRD IV ........................................................ 88, 143 
CRD IV Directive ........................................ 88, 143 
CRD IV Implementing Measure .................. 89, 143 
Credit Index ................................................. 96, 150 
CRR ............................................................. 89, 143 
CSSF .................................................................. 193 
D1 .................................................. 62, 63, 116, 117 
D2 .................................................. 62, 63, 116, 117 
Day Count Fraction ...................................... 61, 115 
Dealer Agreement .............................................. 198 
Dealers ............................................................... 198 
Decree No. 167 .................................................. 265 
Decree No. 239 .................................................... 46 
Decree No. 461 .......................................... 101, 155 
Decree No. 512 .................................................... 46 
Deed of Covenant ................................................ 57 
Deed of Guarantee .................................... i, 57, 111 
Deed Poll ........................................................... 107 
Deeds of Covenant ............................................... 57 
Definitive Notes ................................................... 54 
Determined Rate .......................................... 72, 126 
Dispute ....................................................... 108, 161 
distributor .................................................. 207, 229 
Drawdown Prospectus ...................................... i, 52 
Early Redemption Amount .......................... 88, 142 
ECB ...................................................................... 53 
EEA ............................................ 207, 225, 229, 242 
EURIBOR .................................................... 63, 117 
Euro ..................................................................... viii 
Eurobond Basis ............................................ 62, 116 
Euroclear .............................................................. 53 
Eurosystem........................................................... 53 
Events of Default ....................................... 103, 157 
Exercise Notice .............................. 93, 94, 147, 148 
Exercise Period .............................. 92, 94, 146, 148 
existing Notes ............................................ 105, 159 
existing Senior Notes ................................. 104, 158 
Extra-Yield................................................... 95, 149 
FIEA .................................................................. 203 
Final Redemption Amount ........................... 88, 142 
Final Terms .......................................... i, iii, 57, 111 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act ........... 203 
Financial Services Act ................................. 22, 202 
First Margin ................................................. 63, 117 
First Reset Date ............................................ 63, 117 
First Reset Period ......................................... 63, 117 
First Reset Rate of Interest ........................... 63, 117 
Fiscal Agent ................................................. 57, 111 
Fitch ................................................................... 172 
Fixed Coupon Amount ................................. 64, 117 
FSMA ................................................................ 202 
GBP ..................................................................... viii 
General Funded Arbitrage ............................ 96, 150 
Global Note .......................................................... 53

--- Page 272 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 270 - 
47-41025581 
 
Group ...................................................................... i 
Guarantee of the Notes ................................ 57, 111 
Guarantor ................................................ iii, 57, 111 
holder ........................................................... 58, 112 
IGAs ................................................................... 268 
Index-Components Arbitrage ...................... 95, 150 
Initial Rate of Interest .................................. 64, 117 
Instalment Amount ...................................... 88, 142 
Instalment Date(s)........................................ 64, 118 
Insurance Distribution Directive200, 207, 225, 229, 
242 
interest ....................................................... 102, 156 
Interest ....................................................... 250, 260 
Interest Accrual Date ................................... 64, 118 
Interest Amount ........................................... 64, 118 
Interest Commencement Date ...................... 64, 118 
Interest Determination Date ......................... 64, 118 
Interest Payment Date .................................. 64, 118 
Interest Period .............................................. 64, 118 
Interest Rate ................................................. 64, 118 
Interest Rate Switch Date ............................ 64, 118 
Intermediaries .................................................... 251 
Intermediary ...................................................... 251 
Investor ................................................................... i 
Investor's Currency .............................................. 34 
ISDA Definitions ......................................... 64, 118 
ISDA Rate ................................................... 72, 126 
Issue Date .................................................... 64, 118 
Issue Price .................................................... 65, 118 
Issuer ...................................................... iii, 57, 111 
Issuers .......................................................... 57, 111 
Italian Bail-in Power .................................... 89, 143 
Italian Banking Act ........................ 22, 58, 112, 203 
Italian Paying Agent .................................... 57, 111 
Japanese Person ................................................. 204 
Linear Interpolation ..................................... 65, 118 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa ........... 58, 112 
Loss ................................................................... 206 
M1 ................................................. 62, 63, 116, 117 
M2 ................................................. 62, 63, 116, 117 
Margin ......................................................... 65, 119 
Market Value ............................................... 95, 149 
Maturity Date ............................................... 89, 144 
Maturity Period ............................................ 90, 144 
Mediobanca ................................................. 57, 111 
Mediobanca Group ................................................. i 
Mediobanca International .................... 57, 111, 192 
Member State ...................................................... viii 
Mid-Market Swap Rate ............................... 65, 119 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation ............... 65, 119 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate ... 65, 119 
Mid-Swap Rate ............................................ 65, 119 
MiFID ................................................................... iii 
MiFID II ............................................ 200, 207, 229 
MiFID II Regulations ........................................ 199 
Minimum Net Wealth Tax ................................. 259 
modified Notes .......................................... 105, 159 
modified Senior Notes ............................... 104, 158 
Monte Titoli ......................................................... 38 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event .......... 93, 147 
MREL/TLAC Requirements ........................ 93, 147 
Multiplier ....................................... 66, 72, 119, 126 
n  ................................................................. 69, 123 
necessary information .......................................... 52 
New Global Note ................................................. 53 
NGN ..................................................................... 53 
Noteholder ......................................................... 163 
Noteholders ........................................................ 250 
Notes ....................................... iii, 57, 106, 111, 160 
Observation Period....................................... 81, 135 
offer of Notes to the public ................................. 200 
Offer Period ....................................................... 225 
Optional Redemption Amount ..................... 66, 119 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) ........... 88, 142 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) ............ 88, 142 
Other Notes ................................................ 106, 160 
P  ................................................................. 69, 123 
Partial Repurchase Option ........................... 91, 145 
Paying Agents .............................................. 57, 111 
Payment Business Day ................. 66, 100, 120, 154 
Pension Fund Tax .............................................. 253 
Pension Funds .................................................... 252 
Permanent Dealers ............................................. 198 
Permanent Global Note ........................................ 53 
Plan of Distribution .............................................. 48 
Pounds Sterling ................................................... viii 
PRIIPs Regulation ..................... 207, 225, 229, 242 
principal ..................................................... 102, 156 
Principal Financial Centre ............................ 66, 120 
Proceedings ........................................................ 108 
Programme ................................................... 57, 111 
Public Offer ............................................................. i 
Public Offer Jurisdiction ......................................... i 
Public Offer Jurisdictions .................................. 225 
PwC Luxembourg .............................................. 193 
qualified investors ........................................ 22, 202 
r  ................................................................. 69, 123 
Rate of Interest ............................................. 67, 121 
Receipts ........................................................ 57, 111 
Redemption Amount .................................... 90, 144 
Reference Banks ............................ 67, 71, 121, 125 
Reference Price ............................................ 67, 121 
Reference Rate ............................................. 67, 121 
Reference Rate Multiplier .............. 67, 72, 121, 126 
Regular Date ................................................ 67, 121 
Regular Period ............................................. 67, 121 
Regulation No. 11971/1999 ............................... 202 
Regulatory Event ..................................... 21, 23, 24 
Relevant Authority ....................................... 90, 144 
Relevant Currency ....................................... 67, 121 
Relevant Date ............................................. 102, 156 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................ 67, 121 
Relevant Screen Page ................................... 67, 121 
Relevant Time .............................................. 68, 121 
Replicating CDS .......................................... 95, 149 
Replicating Derivatives ................................ 96, 150 
Reset Date .................................................... 68, 122 
Reset Determination Date ............................ 68, 122 
Reset Period ................................................. 68, 122 
retail investor ..................................................... 200

--- Page 273 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 271 - 
47-41025581 
 
RP ................................................................ 66, 120 
Rules .................................................................. 205 
S&P ................................................................... 172 
Second Reset Date ....................................... 68, 122 
Senior Non Preferred Notes ................... 42, 57, 111 
Senior Notes ........................................................ 42 
Senior Preferred Notes ........................... 42, 57, 111 
Series .................................................... viii, 57, 111 
SIMs .................................................................. 251 
Specified Currency ...................................... 68, 122 
Specified Duration ....................................... 68, 122 
Specified Office ........................................... 57, 111 
SRM Regulation .......................................... 89, 143 
Stabilising Manager(s) ........................................ viii 
Subordinated Notes ................................ 42, 57, 111 
Subsequent Margin ...................................... 68, 122 
Subsequent Reset Date ................................ 68, 122 
Subsequent Reset Period ............................. 68, 122 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest .......... 21, 68, 122 
Substitute ........................................................... 107 
Talons .......................................................... 57, 111 
TARGET Settlement Day ............................ 68, 122 
TARGET System ......................................... 68, 122 
TEFRA C Rules ................................................... 53 
TEFRA D Rules ................................................... 53 
Temporary Global Note ....................................... 53 
Tier II Capital ............................................... 93, 147 
Total Repurchase Option ............................. 91, 145 
Tranche ................................................. viii, 57, 111 
U.S.$ ................................................................... viii 
Underlying Transactions .............................. 95, 149 
unit ............................................................... 82, 136 
US Dollars........................................................... viii 
USD .................................................................... viii 
y  ................................................................. 66, 120 
Y1 .................................................. 62, 63, 116, 117 
Y2 .................................................. 62, 63, 116, 117 
Yen ...................................................................... viii 
Yield ............................................................ 68, 122

--- Page 274 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 272 - 
47-41025581 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
4, Boulevard Joseph II 
L-1840 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR 
As to Italian law 
Baker & McKenzie 
Piazza Filippo Meda, 3 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
As to Luxembourg law 
GSK Stockmann SA 
44, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
TAX ADVISER TO MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
GSK Stockmann SA 
44, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER 
As to English law and Italian law 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
AUDITORS TO MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative 
2, rue Gerhard Mercator 
B.P.1443, L-1014 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme 
35E, Avenue John F. Kennedy  
 L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
AUDITORS TO MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.p.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Piazza Tre Torri, 2 
20145 Milan 
Italy 
Ernst & Young 
Via Lombardia, 31

--- Page 275 ---
10218418238-v26 
- 273 - 
47-41025581 
 
00187 Rome 
Italy 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg 
Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-2085 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland