--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Dated: 30 December 2022 
 
MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
Euro 40,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
guaranteed in the case of Notes issued by Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
by 
MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.p.A. 
 
Under the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus (as defined 
below), each of Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (“Mediobanca”) and Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
(“Mediobanca International”) (each, an “Issuer” and together the “Issuers”) may from time to time issue senior preferred notes (the 
“Senior Preferred Notes”) and Mediobanca may from time to time issue senior non preferred notes (the “Senior Non Preferred Notes” and, 
together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the “Senior Notes”) and subordinated notes (“Subordinated Notes” and, together with the Senior 
Notes, the “Notes”), subject in each case to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives. The payment of all amounts due in 
respect of any Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Mediobanca 
(in such capacity, the “Guarantor”) under a deed of guarantee and subject to the limitations thereof executed by the Guarantor and dated 30 
December 2022 (the “Deed of Guarantee”) (see “General Description of the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme” 
– “Status of the Guarantee” on page 15). Notes issued under the Programme will have denominations of not less than EUR 1,000 (or, where 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency), provided that: (i) Senior Non 
Preferred Notes issued under the Programme will have a denomination of at least EUR 150,000 (or, where the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other minimum denomination provided 
by applicable law from time to time, (ii) Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme will have a denomination of at least EUR 200,000 
(or, where the Subordinated Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such 
other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time, and (iii) Reset Notes will have a denomination of at least EUR 
100,000 (or, where the Reset Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency).  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors” beginning 
on page 21. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), the Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuers or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (the “MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public, in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area. Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for 
Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) 
of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, which is a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II. 
The Programme also provides that Notes may be listed, as the case may be, on Borsa Italiana, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on such 
other or further stock exchange(s) as the Issuers may determine. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading (as the case may be) on such other or further stock exchange(s) or 
market(s) as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the relevant Dealer (as defined in “Plan of 
Distribution”). Unlisted Notes or Notes not admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. This Base Prospectus comprises two base 
prospectuses (one for each Issuer, each of which referred to herein as the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Central Bank may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to the competent authority of another European Economic Area Member 
State (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that 
this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (a “Certificate of Approval”). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from the date of its approval) in relation 
to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public, 
in any Member State of the European Economic Area other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or

--- Page 2 ---
3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The validity of this Base Prospectus ends upon expiration 
on 29 December 2023. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms 
and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined below) of Notes will be set out, in the final terms (the 
“Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Euronext Dublin. 
For the terms and conditions of the Notes governed by English law to be issued under the Programme (the “English Law Notes”) see “Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes” below (the “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes”) and for the terms and conditions 
of the Notes governed by Italian law to be issued under the Programme (the “Italian Law Notes”) see “Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes” below (the “Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes”). References to the “Notes” shall be to the Notes governed by 
English law and/or Italian law, as appropriate and references to the “Terms and Conditions” or the “Conditions” shall be to the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and/or the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, as appropriate. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any U.S. 
state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. The Notes will be offered and sold in offshore transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. The Notes will be in bearer form and as such are subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, CMS, PRIBOR, ROBOR, BUBOR, 
CIBOR, STIBOR and NIBOR which are respectively provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) for EURIBOR, the Bank 
of England for SONIA, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for SOFR, the European Central Bank for €STR, ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited (“ICE”) for CMS, Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. for PRIBOR, the National Bank of Romania  for ROBOR, Budapesti 
Értéktőzsde Zrt. (Budapest Stock Exchange) for BUBOR, Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS for CIBOR, The Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility for STIBOR and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS for NIBOR, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, each of EMMI (as administrator of EURIBOR), Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. (as administrator of PRIBOR), 
Budapesti Értéktőzsde Zrt. (Budapest Stock Exchange) (as administrator of BUBOR), Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS (as 
administrator of CIBOR) and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of 
CMS), the Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR), the European 
Central Bank (as administrator of €STR), the National Bank of Romania (as administrator of ROBOR) and The Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility (as administrator of STIBOR) are not included in the register of administrators maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, but The Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility has on 27 December 2021 lodged an application with the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) to be authorised as an administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that each of ICE Benchmark 
Administration (as administrator of CMS) and The Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as administrator of STIBOR) is not currently 
required to obtain authorization/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).As far as 
the Issuer is aware, SONIA, SOFR, €STR and ROBOR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of 
that Regulation.  
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language 
in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Arranger of the Programme and Dealer 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.

--- Page 3 ---
- i - 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This document constitutes a Base Prospectus for each Issuer for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document and, 
to the best of the knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor (which have taken all reasonable care to 
ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, having made all reasonable enquiries confirms that (i) this Base 
Prospectus contains all information with respect to each of the Issuers, the Guarantor, and their subsidiaries 
taken as a whole (the “Group” or the “Mediobanca Group”), the Notes, and the deed of guarantee executed by 
the Guarantor and dated 30 December 2022 with respect to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca 
International (the “Deed of Guarantee”) which is material in the context of the issue and offering of Notes, (ii) 
the statements contained in this Base Prospectus relating to each of the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Group are 
in every material respect true and accurate and not misleading, the opinions and intentions expressed in this Base 
Prospectus with regard to the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Group are honestly held, have been reached after 
considering all relevant circumstances and are based on reasonable assumptions, (iii) there are no other facts in 
relation to each of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Group, the Notes or the Deed of Guarantee the omission of 
which would, in the context of the issue and offering of Notes, make any statement in this Base Prospectus 
misleading in any material respect and (iv) all reasonable enquiries have been made by each of the Issuers and 
the Guarantor to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out hereunder “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) and in a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the “Final 
Terms”) or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”) as described under 
“Final Terms, Supplements and Further Prospectuses” below. 
Public Offers of Notes in the European Economic Area 
Certain Tranches of Notes (other than the Senior Non Preferred Notes which shall have a denomination of at least 
EUR 150,000 or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time, the 
Subordinated Notes which shall have a denomination of at least EUR 200,000, or such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from time to time, and the Reset Notes which shall have a denomination 
of at least EUR 100,000) with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
may, subject as provided below, be offered in any Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances 
where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any 
such offer is referred to in this Base Prospectus as a “Public Offer”. This Base Prospectus has been prepared on 
a basis that permits Public Offers of Notes in Ireland, Italy and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (each a “Public 
Offer Jurisdiction”). Any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Notes in a Public Offer 
Jurisdiction on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the consent of the Issuer – see “Consent 
given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades)” below. 
If after the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer intends to add one or more Member States to the list of Public 
Offer Jurisdictions for any purpose, it will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus specifying such Member 
State(s) and any relevant additional information required by the Prospectus Regulation. Such supplement will also 
set out provisions relating to the consent of the Issuer to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with any 
Public Offer in any such additional Public Offer Jurisdiction. 
In the context of any Public Offer of Notes in a Public Offer Jurisdiction, the Issuer accept responsibility in that 
Public Offer Jurisdiction, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) who 
purchases any Notes in that Public Offer Jurisdiction made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined 
below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period (as defined below).

--- Page 4 ---
- ii - 
 
Except in the circumstances described below, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has authorised the making of 
any offer by any offeror and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus 
by any other person in connection with any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
Any offer made without the consent of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) is unauthorised and 
neither the relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor (as applicable), nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers 
accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised Offeror, 
the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purpose 
of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. 
If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its 
contents, the Investor should take legal advice. 
Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
Common conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the consent of the Issuers and the Guarantor are (in addition to the conditions described in either 
sub-paragraph (a) (Specific Consent) or sub-paragraph (b) (General Consent) under “Specific Consent and 
General Consent” below) that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Notes; 
(ii) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
in such of the Public Offer Jurisdictions as are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Public Offers occurring within twelve months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Specific Consent and General Consent 
Subject to the conditions set out above under “Common Conditions to Consent”, each of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of Notes in any Public 
Offer Jurisdiction by: 
(a) 
Specific Consent: 
(i) 
the Dealers specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose 
name is published on the website of the Issuers (https://mediobanca.com) and identified as an 
Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer; and 
(b) 
General Consent: 
if General Consent is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, any other financial intermediary 
which: 
(i) 
is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II, including under any applicable implementing 
measure in each relevant jurisdiction; and

--- Page 5 ---
- iii - 
 
(ii) 
accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in 
square brackets duly completed with the relevant information) (the “Acceptance Statement”): 
“We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant 
Notes] (the “Notes”) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the “Final Terms”) 
published by [ISSUER] (the “Issuer”) [and [GUARANTOR] (the “Guarantor”]). 
In consideration of the Issuer [and the Guarantor] offering to grant their consent to our use of 
the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in 
[insert name(s) of relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)] during the Offer Period in accordance 
with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus), we accept the offer by 
the Issuer [and Guarantor]. We confirm that we are authorised under MiFID II to make, and 
are using the Base Prospectus in connection with, the Public Offer accordingly. 
Terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such 
terms in the Base Prospectus.” 
Any financial intermediary falling within this sub-paragraph (b) who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, to publish a duly completed Acceptance Statement on its website. 
Authorised Offerors 
The financial intermediaries referred to in sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) and sub-paragraph (b), above, are 
together referred to herein as the “Authorised Offerors”. 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror who will distribute the Notes 
Neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor (nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers) has any responsibility 
for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable 
conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to 
such offer. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A PUBLIC OFFER FROM 
AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NOTES TO AN 
INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY 
TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND 
SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT 
ARRANGEMENTS. NEITHER THE ISSUERS NOR THE GUARANTOR WILL BE A PARTY TO ANY 
SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR 
SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY 
FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE 
RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH 
INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE 
FOR SUCH 
INFORMATION. NONE OF THE ISSUERS, THE GUARANTOR AND THE DEALERS HAS ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
IN THE EVENT OF AN OFFER BEING MADE BY A FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY, SUCH FINANCIAL 
INTERMEDIARY WILL PROVIDE 
INFORMATION TO INVESTORS ON THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER AT THE TIME THE OFFER IS MADE. 
Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Notes to be offered pursuant to a Public Offer will be issued by the relevant Issuer at the Issue Price specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (as 
applicable) in consultation with the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the relevant Public Offer and will depend, 
amongst other things, on the interest rate applicable to the Notes and prevailing market conditions at that time. 
The offer price of such Notes will be the Issue Price or such other price as may be agreed between an Investor and 
the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Notes to such Investor. Neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor will 
be party to arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the

--- Page 6 ---
- iv - 
 
relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the Notes to such 
Investor. 
Other relevant information 
The language of this Base Prospectus is in English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this 
Base Prospectus has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any supplement hereto and with any other documents 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, should be read and construed together 
with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, 
each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms 
shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Purchases of Notes may be made through a duly appointed Dealer of the relevant Issuer. The relevant Issuer may 
also offer and sell Notes directly to investors without the involvement of any Dealer. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor will enter into a Dealer Agreement with the Dealers in connection with the issue 
of Notes for the purpose of the distribution of the Notes to prospective investors. Pursuant to the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement, the relevant Issuer may appoint one or more Dealer(s) under the Programme to subscribe or 
procure subscribers for all or part of the Notes of the relevant Series. See the section on “Plan of Distribution” 
in this Base Prospectus for further details. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation 
by or on behalf of either the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Dealers, EY Luxembourg and PricewaterhouseCoopers, as auditor to Mediobanca International, have not 
separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers makes any 
representation express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of 
any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements are 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation 
by either of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
financial statements should purchase any Notes. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None 
of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the 
life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in 
the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by any of the Issuers or the Guarantor or such other information as is in the public domain 
and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
any of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create 
any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of any of the Issuers or the Guarantor since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this document has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no 
adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the financial position of any of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution

--- Page 7 ---
- v - 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law. Each of the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. No Notes may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, to the public, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may 
be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus, any Notes may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuers and the Guarantor for use in connection with the offer 
and sale of Notes in reliance upon Regulation S of the Securities Act outside the United States to non-U.S. persons 
or in transactions otherwise exempt from registration. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not 
authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents 
disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any U.S. 
state securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor have any of the 
foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Notes or the accuracy or the 
adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
For a description of additional restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including Italy), the United Kingdom and other 
jurisdictions, see “Plan of Distribution”. 
IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EEA MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled “EEA MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the

--- Page 8 ---
- vi - 
 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or 
assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green”, 
“sustainable”, “social” or similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes 
issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of 
proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion 
or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by any Dealer 
to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to 
trading on a dedicated “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock 
exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or 
admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. No representation or assurance is given by 
the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of the “Mediobanca Green and Sustainable Bond Framework”. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the “Mediobanca Green and Sustainable Bond Framework” is not incorporated in and/or 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
- vii - 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules. 
***** 
Notes may be issued on a continuous basis in series (each, a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each, a “Tranche”) on different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect 
of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to 
the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set forth in the relevant Final Terms, the form of which is 
set out in “Form of Final Terms” below. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed Euro 40,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated 
into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement, as defined under “Plan of Distribution”). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes 
which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires: references to “Member 
State” are references to Member States of the European Economic Area, references to the “UK” are references 
to the United Kingdom; references to“$”, “U.S.$”, “USD” and “US Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the 
United States of America; references to “Euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended; references to “£” “GBP” and “Pounds Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the 
United Kingdom; and references to “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described herein or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already 
issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”), or (2) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the United Kingdom European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency which is established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (3) 
issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the European Union but which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 10 ---
- viii - 
 
CONTENTS 
 
 
GENERAL 
DESCRIPTION OF THE EURO 40,000,000,000 EURO MEDIUM 
TERM NOTE 
PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................................................................ 9 
RISK FACTORS........................................................................................................................................................ 21 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE....................................................................................... 54 
FINAL TERMS, SUPPLEMENTS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES........................................................ 57 
FORMS OF THE NOTES........................................................................................................................................ 58 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES ................................................................... 62 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES ..................................................................116 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .............................................168 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..............................................................................................................................................171 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. ..........................173 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.p.A. ..197 
REGULATORY ASPECTS ...................................................................................................................................198 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. ................................216 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. ........219 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION...................................................................................................................................220 
GENERAL CONSENT — THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS .........................................................226 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................................228 
TAXATION ..............................................................................................................................................................271 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................290 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS.............................................................................................................................294

--- Page 11 ---
- 9 - 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE EURO 40,000,000,000 EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE 
PROGRAMME 
The following is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, to be read in conjunction with the Prospectus Regulation. The following 
overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified by the remainder of this Document and, in relation to 
the terms and conditions of any particular Series (as defined below in “Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes” and in “Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes”) of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Subject 
as provided in “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” or in “Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes”, as the case may be, any of the following (including, without limitation, the type of Notes which may be 
issued pursuant to the Programme) may be varied or supplemented as agreed between the Issuer, the relevant 
Dealer(s) and the Fiscal Agent (if applicable). Words and expressions defined in “Forms of the Notes”, “Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes” shall have the 
same meaning in this overview: 
Issuers: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. and 
Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A.: 
Mediobanca was established on 10 April 1946 as a medium-term 
credit granting institution in Italy. In 1956, Mediobanca’s shares 
were admitted to the Italian Stock Exchange and since then its 
business has expanded both nationally and internationally. 
 
Mediobanca is registered at the Companies’ Registry of the 
Chamber of Commerce of Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi, Italy 
under registration number 00714490158. Mediobanca’s registered 
office is at Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1, 20121 Milan, Italy, telephone 
number (+39) 0288291. 
 
Mediobanca holds a banking licence from the Bank of Italy 
authorising it to carry on all permitted types of banking activities 
in Italy. 
 
Mediobanca is a bank organised and existing under the laws of 
Italy, carrying out a wide range of banking, financial and related 
activities throughout Italy. 
 
At the date hereof, Mediobanca’s issued share capital totals Euro 
444,153,715, represented by 849,225,969 registered shares. 
 
The Board of Directors of Mediobanca is responsible for the 
ordinary and extraordinary management of Mediobanca. 
Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.: 
Mediobanca International has the form of a société anonyme 
subject to Luxembourg law and has its place of registration in 
Luxembourg. On 15 December 2005, the Luxembourg Minister of 
the Treasury and the Budget, on the recommendation of the CSSF, 
granted Mediobanca International a full banking licence pursuant 
to which its operations include raising funds in the international 
markets and lending, consistent with Mediobanca International’s 
articles of association approved by the shareholders in the general 
meeting held on 21 December 2005. 
 
Mediobanca International is registered at the Luxembourg trade 
and companies registry under registration number B112885. 
Mediobanca International’s registered office is at 4, Boulevard 
Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

--- Page 12 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
As at 30 June 2022, Mediobanca International’s issued and 
authorised fully paid share capital totals Euro 10,000,000 
represented by 1,000,000 registered shares of Euro 10 par value. 
 
The Board of Directors of Mediobanca International is responsible 
for setting authorisation levels, defining organisational structure, 
defining the system of internal control and reviewing it on a 
regular basis, and approving the bank’s accounts and interim 
statements. Day-to-day management is entrusted to two authorised 
managers. 
Guarantor: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. with respect to 
Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arranger: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Dealer: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
Each of the Issuers may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any dealer under the Programme or appoint 
additional dealers either in respect of a single Tranche or in respect 
of the whole Programme. 
Fiscal Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch will act as Fiscal Agent in 
respect of the Notes except for Notes in dematerialised form, 
which are deposited directly with Monte Titoli S.p.A. (“Monte 
Titoli”). BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a 
financial group providing client services with a worldwide 
network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its 
operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or 
third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and 
responsibility in Luxembourg. Further information on the 
international operating model of BNP Paribas, Luxembourg 
Branch may be provided upon request. 
Italian Paying Agent: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. will act as 
Italian Paying Agent with respect to Notes in dematerialised form 
deposited directly with Monte Titoli (which role will include the 
role of Fiscal Agent with respect to such Notes). 
Size: 
Up to Euro 40,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies 
at the date of each issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency or currencies as 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable), and the 
relevant Dealer so agree. 
Maturities/Final Redemption: 
Any maturity subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives. Unless previously redeemed, purchased 
and cancelled as provided in accordance with Conditions 4(c) 
(Redemption for taxation reasons), 4(d) (Purchases), 4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 4(g) (Redemption due to 
Tier II Notes Disqualification Event), Condition 4(h) (Redemption 
due to MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 4(i) (Redemption 
at the option of holders of Notes) or Condition 4(j) (Redemption 
by instalments) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law

--- Page 13 ---
- 11 - 
 
Notes or Conditions 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons), 4(d) 
(Purchases), 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 4(g) 
(Redemption due to Tier II Notes Disqualification Event), 
Condition 4(h) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event), 
4(i) (Redemption at the option of holders of Notes) or Condition 
4(j) (Redemption by instalments) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes, as the case may be, each Note will be 
redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
 
Any Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are received by the relevant Issuer in the United Kingdom and 
which have a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue 
must (a) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or (b) be issued in 
other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 by the 
relevant Issuer. 
 
Under applicable laws and regulations at the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
(i) 
Senior Non Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity 
Period of twelve months, as provided under Articles 12-bis 
and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act 
and any relevant implementing regulation which may be 
enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority, and 
may be redeemable only after twelve months’ prior notice to 
holders of the Senior Non Preferred Notes subject to the prior 
authorisation of the Bank of Italy, when required; and 
(ii) Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period 
of five years, as provided under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, and may be redeemable only after five years’ 
prior notice to holders of Subordinated Notes subject to 
Relevant Authority prior authorisation, when required. 
Denomination: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements and save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic 
Area in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €1,000 (or 
where the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such other currency), provided that: (i) 
Senior Non Preferred Notes issued under the Programme will have 
a denomination of at least €150,000 (or, where the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from time to time, (ii) 
Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme will have a 
denomination of at least €200,000 (or, where the Subordinated 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other minimum

--- Page 14 ---
- 12 - 
 
denomination provided by applicable law from time to time, and 
(iii) Reset Notes will have a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 
(or, where the Reset Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in one or more Series (which may be 
issued on the same date or which may be issued in more than one 
Tranche on different dates). The Notes may be issued in Tranches 
on a continuous basis with no minimum issue size, subject to 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives. 
Further Notes may be issued as part of an existing Series. 
Consolidation of Notes: 
Notes of one series may be consolidated with Notes of another 
Series, all as described in Condition 11 (Further Issues and 
Consolidation) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 11 (Further Issues and Consolidation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus: Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (i) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms or 
(ii) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the relevant 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
 
References in this General Description of the Euro 40,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme to the “Final Terms” shall, 
where applicable, be read as references to the Drawdown 
Prospectus relating to the Notes, as the case may be. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only. 
 
If the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the 
relevant Final Terms will specify whether each Global Note is to 
be issued in New Global Note or in Classic Global Note form. 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be represented by a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note which, in 
each case, will be deposited on or around the Issue Date: (a) in the 
case of Notes intended to be issued in Classic Global Note form, 
with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and/or deposited directly with Monte Titoli S.p.A. and/or 
any other centralised custodian appointed by the Issuers (together, 
the “Centralised Custodian”) and (b) in the case of Notes intended 
to be issued in New Global Note form, with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. No interest will be 
payable in respect of a Temporary Global Note except as described 
under “Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form”. 
 
Interests in Temporary Global Notes will be exchangeable for 
interests in Permanent Global Notes or, if so stated in the relevant 
Final Terms for Definitive Notes after the date falling 40 days after 
the Issue Date upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. If specified in the relevant Final Terms, interests in 
Permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for definitive Notes 
as described under “Provisions Relating to the Notes While in 
Global Form”. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have 
interest Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further

--- Page 15 ---
- 13 - 
 
Coupons and will, if the principal thereof is repayable by 
instalments, have payment Receipts attached. 
 
If the Notes are issued and held in book-entry form, the Notes will 
not be represented by paper certificates and the transfer and 
exchange of Notes will take place exclusively through an 
electronic book-entry system managed by Monte Titoli S.p.A. or 
any other Centralised Custodian appointed by the Issuer. 
Accordingly, all Notes of the same tranche shall be deposited by 
their owners with an intermediary participant in the relevant 
Centralised Custodian. The intermediary will in turn deposit the 
Notes with the Centralised Custodian. 
 
In such circumstances, it will not possible for a Noteholder to 
obtain physical delivery of certificates representing the Notes. 
Issue Price of the Notes: 
Issue Price will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Notes 
may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their principal amount. 
Type of Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Notes of any kind, including but not limited 
to, Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes (in case of the Senior Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes only), Floating Rate Notes and Zero 
Coupon Notes. 
 
Notes will be redeemed by way of cash payment. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield in respect of 
Fixed Rate Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
will be calculated as internal rate of return (IRR) on the basis of 
the Issue Price, any Fixed Coupon and/or any Broken Amount. 
Reset Notes: 
If the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes are 
issued as Reset Notes, then such Reset Notes will, in respect of an 
initial period, bear interest at the initial fixed rate of interest 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of 
interest will be reset on one or more date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms by reference to a mid-market swap rate, as 
adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case, as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest by reference to the 
benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
adjusted for any applicable margin/multiplier. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at 
a discount or a premium to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates for 
the Notes: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. The Senior Preferred Notes and 
the Subordinated Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes to 
bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. 
Redemption Amount for the Notes: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption 
Amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
- 14 - 
 
Redemption by Instalments for the 
Notes: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes which are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the date on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be issued by Mediobanca on a subordinated basis (the 
“Subordinated Notes”), senior non preferred basis (the “Senior 
Non Preferred Notes”) or senior preferred basis (the “Senior 
Preferred Notes” and, together with the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes, the “Senior Notes”), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International 
may only be issued on a senior preferred basis. 
 
(i) 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the relevant Issuer and will rank at all times at least pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer, save for 
certain mandatory exceptions of applicable law, it being 
understood moreover that the obligations of the relevant 
Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes will be subject to 
the Italian Bail-In Power or the Luxembourg Bail-In 
Power, as the case may be. See Condition 2(b) (Status of 
the Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or Condition 2(b) (Status of the 
Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes. 
 
(ii) 
Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes: 
 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes (being notes intended to 
qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the 
Italian Banking Act) will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and non preferred obligations of Mediobanca 
and will rank at all times pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. 
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or 
bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta 
Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment obligations 
of Mediobanca under each Series of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be, will 
rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated 
creditors (including depositors and any holder of Senior 
Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of 
Mediobanca, including claims arising from the excluded 
liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR 
but (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsubordinated and non preferred obligations of 
Mediobanca which do not rank or are not expressed by 
their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of Senior 
Non Preferred Notes and (C) in priority to any present or 
future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes (including any holder of Subordinated 
Notes) and the claims of shareholders of Mediobanca, in 
all such cases in accordance with the provisions of Article 
91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act

--- Page 17 ---
- 15 - 
 
and any relevant implementing regulation which may be 
enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority, it 
being understood moreover that the obligations of 
Mediobanca under the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be 
subject to the Italian Bail-In Power. 
 
(iii) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
 
The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of Mediobanca and will at all 
times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves, all as described in Condition 2(d) (Status of 
the Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or Condition 2(d) (Status of the 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or 
bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta 
Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment obligations 
of Mediobanca under each Series of Subordinated Notes, 
and the related Coupons as the case may be, will rank in 
right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors 
(including depositors and any holder of Senior Notes and 
their respective Coupons) of Mediobanca as well as 
subordinated creditors which rank or are expressed to 
rank senior to Subordinated Notes but (B) at least pari 
passu with all other subordinated obligations of 
Mediobanca which do not rank or are not expressed by 
their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of 
Subordinated Notes and (C) in priority to the claims of 
subordinated creditors ranking or expressed to rank junior 
to the Subordinated Notes (including, but not limited to, 
“Additional Tier 1 Instruments” (as defined in the 
Prudential Regulations for Banks and in the CRR)) and of 
the shareholders of Mediobanca, as described in 
Condition 2 (Status of the Notes and Guarantee) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 2 (Status of Notes and Guarantee) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and the relevant 
Final Terms, it being understood moreover that the 
obligations of Mediobanca under the Subordinated Notes 
will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power. 
Negative pledge: 
None. 
Guarantee: 
Under the Deed of Guarantee, and in accordance with the terms 
and subject to the limitations thereof, Mediobanca unconditionally 
and irrevocably guarantees payment of all amounts due in respect 
of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of 
Guarantee constitute – in accordance with the terms and subject to 
the limitations thereof – direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor which will rank at all times 
at least pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save for certain 
mandatory exceptions of applicable law. See also Condition 2(e) 
(Status of Guarantee) of the Terms and Conditions of the English

--- Page 18 ---
- 16 - 
 
Law Notes or Condition 2(e) (Status of Guarantee) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. In particular, pursuant to 
the Deed of Guarantee to the extent under the applicable law in 
force at the relevant time, a cap to the maximum amount to be 
guaranteed is required, the Guarantor shall only be liable up to an 
amount which is the aggregate of 110 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of any Tranche of the Senior Preferred Notes (in 
each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and 110 per 
cent. of the interest on such Senior Preferred Notes accrued but not 
paid as at any date on which the Guarantor’s liability falls to be 
determined. In addition, pursuant to the Deed of Guarantee, the 
Guarantor has also undertaken to issue an additional guarantee in 
an amount equal to any liability exceeding the maximum amount 
mentioned above in relation to any Tranche of Senior Preferred 
Notes. 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
For so long as: 
(I) it is required under the MREL Requirements, any 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Senior Preferred 
Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes is subject to the Issuer giving notice to the 
Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority granting 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Senior 
Preferred Notes; 
(II) it is required under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority and/or under the MREL 
Requirements, any redemption, purchase or modification of 
the Senior Non Preferred Notes in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes is subject to the Issuer 
giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant 
Authority granting permission to redeem or purchase the 
relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes; and 
(III) it is required under Applicable Banking Regulations, any 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Subordinated 
Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes is subject to: (i) the prior approval of the Relevant 
Authority, as provided under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; (ii) in the case of any redemption or purchase, if 
and to the extent then required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, either (A) Mediobanca having replaced the 
Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of Mediobanca; or (B) Mediobanca having 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority 
that the own funds of Mediobanca would, following such 
redemption or purchase, exceed its Regulatory Capital 
Requirements for the time being; and (iii) in the case of any 
redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date,

--- Page 19 ---
- 17 - 
 
(A) in case of redemption for tax reasons, Mediobanca has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority 
that the change in tax treatment is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date, or (B) in the case 
of a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event, Mediobanca has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority 
that the relevant change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the 
Issue Date and the Relevant Authority considers such change 
to be reasonably certain. 
Optional Redemption: 
Subject to any legal and regulatory requirements, the Final Terms 
issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether such 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option 
of the relevant Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to such redemption and 
subject to all relevant legal and regulatory requirements. 
 
If the Notes are: 
(i) 
Senior Preferred Notes, unless otherwise permitted under the 
MREL Requirements, the Optional Redemption Date shall be 
subject to the prior authorisation of the Relevant Authority, 
when required; or 
(ii) Senior Non Preferred Notes, unless otherwise permitted by 
Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority and/or under the MREL Requirements, 
the Optional Redemption Date shall not be earlier than twelve 
months after the Issue Date, subject to the prior authorisation 
of the Relevant Authority, when required, 
subject to Condition 4(m) (Special provision in relation to 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(m) (Special 
provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of 
the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes 
(as the case may be), if Redemption due to MREL 
Disqualification Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of Mediobanca, 
in whole but not in part, at any time (if the Senior Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Senior 
Note is a Floating Rate Note) on giving not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 4(h) (Redemption 
due to MREL Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or Condition 4(h) (Redemption due to 
MREL Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes). 
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, unless otherwise permitted 
by current laws, regulations, directives, and/or the Relevant 
Authority’s requirements applicable to the issue of Subordinated 
Notes by Mediobanca, the Optional Redemption Date shall not be 
earlier than five years after the Issue Date, subject to the Relevant 
Authority prior authorisation when required.

--- Page 20 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Subject to Condition 4(m) (Special provision in relation to 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(m) (Special 
provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of 
the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes 
(as the case may be), if Redemption due to Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
Mediobanca, in whole but not in part, at any time (if the 
Subordinated Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if the Subordinated Note is a Floating Rate Note) 
upon the occurrence of a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event after 
the date of issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Tax Redemption:  
Subject to Condition 4(m) (Special provision in relation to 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(m) (Special 
provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of 
the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes 
(as the case may be), with respect to Notes, the relevant Final 
Terms will specify whether early redemption will be permitted for 
tax reasons as described in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for 
taxation reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the 
Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor under the Deed of 
Guarantee will be made without withholding or deduction for, or 
on account of, any taxes imposed by the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg or the Republic of Italy, as the case may be, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor will (save as provided 
in Condition 6 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 6 (Taxation) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes) pay such additional amounts 
in respect of principal and interest in the case of Senior Notes (if 
permitted by MREL Requirements) and interest only in the case of 
Subordinated Notes as will result in the holders of Notes, Receipts 
or Coupons receiving such amounts as they would have received 
in respect to Notes, Receipts or Coupons had no such withholding 
or deduction been required. 
 
However, as more fully set out in Condition 6 (Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, neither the Issuer nor (as 
the case may be) the Guarantor shall be liable, in certain 
circumstances, to pay any additional amounts to holders of Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons in relation to any payment on any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon with respect to any withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, inter alia, (i) substitute tax (imposta 
sostitutiva) pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 
(as subsequently amended “Decree No. 239”);; and (ii) 
withholding tax on Notes qualifying as atypical securities (titoli 
atipici) for Italian tax purposes, pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 
of 30 September 1983 (“Decree No. 512”).

--- Page 21 ---
- 19 - 
 
Rating: 
The rating of the Notes, if any, to be issued under the Programme 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the 
rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for 
in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended the 
(the “CRA Regulation”), or (2) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) but is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established in the European Union and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which 
is not established in the European Union but which is certified 
under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In 
general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA or in the UK and registered 
under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under 
the CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the United Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the United Kingdom which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”) is obliged to maintain on its website 
a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation, which may be found on the 
following page: at http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk. 
Governing Law: 
The English Law Notes and the Italian Law Notes and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
relevant Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, respectively, English law or Italian Law, also in 
accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EC) no. 864/2007 
of 11 July 2007 on the law applicable to non-contractual 
obligations (the “Rome II Regulation”) except, (I) in case of 
Notes issued by Mediobanca, Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior 
Preferred Notes), 2(c) (Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes), 
2(d) (Status of the Subordinated Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final 
Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption due to Tier II 
Notes 
Disqualification Event), 4(h) (Redemption due to MREL 
Disqualification Event), 8 (Events of Default) and 16 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, are governed

--- Page 22 ---
- 20 - 
 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law; (II) in 
case of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca 
International, Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred 
Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(h) (Redemption due 
to MREL Disqualification Event) and 16 (Acknowledgment of the 
Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior 
Preferred Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(h) 
(Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event) and 14 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Luxembourgish 
law. For the avoidance of doubt, articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the 
Luxembourg law on commercial companies dated 10 August 
1915, as amended from time to time (the “Luxembourg 
Company Law”) shall not apply to Senior Preferred Notes issued 
by Mediobanca International. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has also been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Euronext Dublin and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and 
the relevant Dealer in relation to the relevant Series. Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also 
be issued. 
 
The Central Bank of Ireland may, at the request of either Issuer, 
send to the competent authority of another European Economic 
Area Member State (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; and (ii) a 
Certificate of Approval in accordance with Article 25 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) 
payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other 
terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to 
each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms 
which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Official List of the 
Euronext Dublin, and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Euronext Dublin will be delivered to the Euronext Dublin. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and markets. 
Selling Restrictions: 
See “Plan of Distribution”.

--- Page 23 ---
- 21 - 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all 
payments due in respect of the Notes. 
The Issuers have identified and described in this section a number of factors which could materially adversely 
affect their businesses and ability to make payments due under the Notes. Most of these factors are contingencies 
that may or may not occur. However, the inability of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest or repay 
principal on the Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor based on the information currently available to them or which they may not currently be 
able to anticipate. 
The risks that are specific to the Issuer are presented in 3 categories, and those specific to the Notes are presented 
in 2 categories, in each case with the most material risk factor presented first in each category and the remaining 
risk factors presented in an order which is not intended to be indicative either of the likelihood that each risk will 
materialise or of the magnitude of its potential impact on the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Issuers. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere and incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus and consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in the light 
of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances, based upon their own judgement 
and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any 
investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes” or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. Prospective 
investors should read the whole of this Base Prospectus, including the information incorporated by reference. 
Unless otherwise specified, the term “Terms and Conditions” shall refer to both the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and any reference to a “Condition” 
shall be to both a Condition under the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and a Condition under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
1. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUERS AND THAT MAY AFFECT 
THE ISSUERS' ABILITY TO FULFIL THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
(A) 
Risks related to the business of the Issuer and the Mediobanca Group and to the sector in which they 
operate; 
(B) 
Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuers and of the Mediobanca Group; 
(C) 
Risks related to legal and regulatory scenario.  
(A) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE BUSINESS OF THE ISSUER AND THE MEDIOBANCA GROUP AND TO THE SECTOR 
IN WHICH THEY OPERATE. 
Systemic risks related to the economic/financial crisis, the impact of the current uncertainties in the 
macroeconomic scenario, and deriving from the Covid-19 pandemic and Russia/ukraine conflict 
The operations, earnings capacity and the stability of the sector of both the Issuer and the Mediobanca Group may 
be influenced by its/their credit standing, the general economic situation of the country of Italy and the entire 
Eurozone, trends on financial markets and the economic, social and financial consequences generated by the 
Covid-19 pandemic and the Russia/Ukraine conflict. With reference to financial markets, the solidity, resilience 
and growth prospects of the economies of the countries in which the Issuer operates in particular will be especially 
important. 
The macroeconomic scenario is currently marked by considerable uncertainty in relation to: (a) the crisis generated 
by the pandemic, as described in more detail in the following sections; (b) the slowdown in the rate of growth

--- Page 24 ---
- 22 - 
 
following the recession caused by the pandemic, aggravated by the increase in inflationary pressures; and (c) the 
Russia/Ukraine conflict, which has caused volatility on financial markets and driven a spiral of inflation, as 
described in more detail in the following sections. 
In relation to point (a) above, the spread of new variants or a return of the virus itself could impact further on the 
economic, social and financial situation of Italy and thus indirectly on the credit quality, capitalization and 
profitability of the Issuer which operates primarily on the Italian domestic market. As at 30 June 2022, loan loss 
provisions amounted to €242.6 million (compared to €248.8 million as at 30 June 2021), while the Group’s cost 
of risk stood at 48 bps (compared with the 52 bps as at 30 June 2021). It should also be noted that as at 30 June 
2022, the additional provisions or overlays of the Mediobanca Group had been maintained, in an amount equal to 
€293.9 million. These overlays have been provided: (i) for sectors particularly exposed to the risks posed by the 
pandemic scenario (i.e. corporate finance, leasing and factoring) and application of exceptions to contracts or 
moratoria on mortgage loans and corporate and leasing exposures; and (ii) for the corporate, leasing and factoring 
loan books. 
In relation to point (c) above, the conflict in Ukraine has generated strong tensions on the energy and commodities 
markets, and in particular has driven sharp increases in the prices of gas, cereals and fertilizers. The Eurozone 
Harmonized Index of Consumer Prices rose from 1.9% year-over-year (“YoY”) at end-June 2021 to 8.6% YoY 
at end-June 2022 (net of energy components and food commodities, the increase in the HICP was from 0.9% YoY 
to 3.7% YoY), reaching 9.1% YoY (4.3% YoY) in August as a result of further increases in the cost of natural 
gas and energy commodities in particular. 
The Bank of Italy’s surveys of firms’ prospects confirm the estimates of rising energy costs, and the relevant trend 
for production costs to increase as a consequence. In Italy, the average six-monthly inflation figure recorded at 
the start of the financial year was 1.0% YoY, which by end-2021 had trebled to 3.0% YoY, and doubled again by 
end-June 2022 to reach 6.7% YoY.  
Although the Italian government has taken steps to find alternative energy suppliers in the Mediterranean basin 
and Africa, the country remains highly exposed due to its sizeable energy imports from Russia. In this scenario, 
the prospects for Italian growth continue to be strongly linked to developments in the Russia-Ukraine conflict and 
to the economic sanctions imposed on Russia in agreement with the allied countries. 
Hence, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ongoing downward trend in the growth estimates for 
macroneconomic indicators, such as inflation, employment and private consumption indicators, coupled with the 
increase in volatility on financial markets, risks creating adverse repercussions on the earnings, capital and 
financial situation of the Isser and/or on the Group. 
Credit and counterparty risk 
The business activities of both Mediobanca and the Group and their earnings and financial solidity depend also 
on the credit standing of their respective clients and counterparties. 
Mediobanca is exposed to the risks traditionally associated with credit activity. Accordingly, breach by its 
customers of contracts entered into and their own obligations, or the possible failure to provide information or the 
provisions of incorrect information by them regarding their respective financial and credit situation, could impact 
negatively on the earnings, capital and/or financial situation of Mediobanca. 
The Group’s portfolio has no material direct exposures versus the Russian Federation or Ukraine. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Mediobanca Group had a gross NPL ratio (i.e. gross non-performing loans as a percentage 
of gross total customer loans) of 2.5%, compared with 3.2% for the same ratio as at 30 June 2021. 
As at 30 June 2022, gross non-performing loans totalled €1,327.3 million (compared to €1,597.1 million as at 30 
June 2021), and represent 2.5% of total loans. The reduction is chiefly due to Corporate & Investment Banking, 
as a result of certain UTP positions exiting non-performing status, and to Consumer Finance, which, compared to 
the financial period ended on 30 June 2021, has shown exceptionally low default rates (some 30% below pre-
Covid levels) despite the stricter forbearance and UTP classification rules. The prudent provisioning policy has 
continued (the coverage ratio has risen from 64.9% to 71%), which is reflected in the reduction in net NPLs, from 
€560.2 million to €384.4 million, and now represent under 1% of total loans (down from 1.2% to 0.7%). Net bad 
debts amounted to €53.5 million, and represent 0.1% of total loans, with a coverage ratio of 87.2%. Non-

--- Page 25 ---
- 23 - 
 
performing loans do not include the NPLs acquired by the Group and managed by MBCredit Solutions, which 
during the financial year decreased from €383.7 million to €350.6 million. 
With regard to loan concentration, as at 30 June 2022, gross aggregate exposures (including equity investments 
and those deriving from market risks) to a total of seven exposures were in excess of 10% of the regulatory capital 
(c.d. “Patrimonio di Vigilanza di Classe 1”) totalled €8.9 billion (€6.7 billion, taking collateral and weightings 
into account). The seven positions involve one industrial group, one insurance company, and five banking groups. 
As at 30 June 2022, moratoria outstanding – recording including those which expired at the end of the financial 
year but for which repayment resumed in the following months – involved loans in a total amount of €22.4 million 
(0.1% of total gross loans). The moratoria outstanding regard CheBanca! mortgage loans as to €19.6 million, and 
SelmaBipiemme Leasing leases as to €2.7 million. 
It should also be noted that as at end-June 2022, new loans supported by public guarantee schemes totalled €124 
million, the majority of which involved the parent company Mediobanca S.p.A. (a total of four deals with SACE 
backing were granted under the terms of the “Liquidity” decree, for a total exposure of €86 million). Of the other 
deals backed by guarantees, €31 million are attributable to CheBanca! (granted to Italian firms and 
professionals/freelance workers under the “Liquidity” Decree), €2 million to CMB Monaco (which has received 
government support for eight clients), and €5 million to SelmaBipiemme Leasing (granted to SMEs under the 
“Liquidity” Decree). 
Risks related to the 2019-23 Strategic Plan 
On 12 November 2019, Mediobanca’s Board of Directors approved its 2019-23 Strategic Plan (the “Strategic 
Plan”) – and unveiled it to the financial community on the same date – based on progress in terms of growth in 
revenues, earnings and shareholder remuneration, to the satisfaction of all the Bank’s stakeholders. 
The Strategic Plan contains certain targets to be reached by end-June 2023 (the “Plan Objectives”) based on 
growth in high-profitability banking activities, more specifically the growth and development of all the Group’s 
divisions (Wealth Management, Consumer Banking and Corporate & Investment Banking). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Plan Objectives and strategic targets were generally confirmed. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuers’ capability to implement the actions and to meet the Plan 
Objectives depends on a number of circumstances, some of which are beyond the Issuers’ control, including, but 
not limited to, the macroeconomic scenario, which could be compromised by the consequences deriving from the 
Covid-19 pandemic, the Russia/Ukraine conflict, the changes in the regulatory framework, and the effects of 
specific actions or concerning future events which the Issuers are only partially able to influence. However, there 
is no certainty that the actions provided for in the Strategic Plan will result in the benefits expected from 
implementation of the Plan Objectives; if such benefits fail to materialize, the results expected by the Mediobanca 
may differ, even materially, from those envisaged in the Strategic Plan. 
As at 30 June 2022, a dividend was paid to shareholders in an amount of €569.2 million, and the share buyback 
scheme was completed. The Board of Directors submitted a resolution to the approval of shareholders gathered 
in the Annual General Meeting held on 28 October 2022 proposing to pay a gross dividend of €0.75 per share, 
equal to a payout ratio of 70%, in line with the Strategic Plan guidance on the cumulative distribution target. 
Market risk 
The Issuers are subject to market risk, defined as the risk of the loss of value of the financial instruments, including 
sovereign debt securities, held by the Issuers as a result of movements in market variables (including, but not 
limited, interest rates, stock market prices and/or exchange rates) or other factors that could trigger a deterioration 
in the capital solidity of the Issuers and/or the Group. Mediobanca calculates the Value at Risk (“VaR”) on a 
daily basis. VaR is a measurement of the market risk associated with a financial asset, of the positions held in its 
trading book, assuming a disposal period of a single trading day and a confidence level of 99%. The other 
sensitivities (known as the “Greeks”) are measured in relation to risk factors such as interest rates, share prices, 
Exchange rates, credit spreads, inflation and volatility. Stress testing versus the main risk factors is also carried 
out, in order to pick up the impact which significant movements in the main market variables might have and ad 
hoc indicators are implemented to capture risks not measured by VaR.

--- Page 26 ---
- 24 - 
 
Such fluctuations may be caused by political, economic and market considerations, the availability and cost of 
capital, the level and volatility of share and bond prices, the price of commodities, interest rates, credit spreads, 
the value of currencies and other market indicators, innovations and developments in the field of technology, the 
availability and cost of credit, inflation, and investors’ perception of and confidence in financial markets. 
The financial year ended at 30 June 2022 has been characterized by a generalized increase in volatility in all asset 
classes due primarily to the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and to the Russia/Ukraine conflict. 
The effects of the pandemic continue, both in terms of the slow progress made in rebuilding production chains, 
and because of the “zero Covid” policy adopted in China, which results in strict lockdown measures being imposed 
as soon as infections are recorded. 
These have been compounded by the supply-side effects of the Russia/Ukraine conflict, which have been felt 
particularly strongly in Europe. The economic policy reaction in both the United States and Europe, based on 
support for aggregate demand, resulted in inflationary pressure which initially was considered to be temporary. 
The level of inflation and the possibility of the phenomenon which had started towards year-end 2021 persisting 
caused the central banks to take action, resulting in widespread increases in interest rates across the Western world. 
This drove a material increase in market interest rates and triggered volatility in forward rates. Stock markets 
reported consistent declines in the second half of the year, while commodity prices continued to remain high and 
also prone to strong volatility. As the conflict worsened, some breaches of the stop loss and VaR limits were 
recorded for certain financial instruments held by the Issuer. 
The aggregate value-at-risk on the trading book for the year ended on 30 June 2022 ranged from a low of €3.6 
million at the start of January 2022 to a high of €11.8 million recorded at the start of May 2022. The average 
reading of €6.1 million was 46% higher than the previous year’s average (€4.2 million). After the high recorded 
in May 2022, VaR remained highly volatile during the month of June 2022, reflecting an average reading of €6.2 
million.  
Operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of incurring losses as a result of the inadequacy or malfunctioning of 
procedures, staff and IT systems, human error or external events. 
The Issuer is exposed to different types of operational risk. The event types most impacted by operational risk are 
originated by products sold to clients, commercial practices, the execution of operating processes, and frauds 
committed from outside the Group. 
Although the Mediobanca Group has adopted a system for recording, assessing and monitoring operational risks 
with a view to preventing and containing them, it should be noted that unpredictable events or events otherwise 
beyond the control of the Issuers could occur, which could impact negatively on the Issuers’ and the Group’s 
operating results, activities and earnings, capital and/or financial situation, as well as on their reputation. 
The operating losses recorded in the twelve months account for approximately 0.4% of total income. Although 
no material losses were generated, there was an increase in certain instances (classes) of operational risk, such as 
outsourcing risk.  
Operational risk does not include compliance risk – identified by the Issuer as a relevant risk and included in the 
section on “Other risks” on p. 357 of the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the year 
ended 30 June 2022, incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference – strategic risk or reputational risk. 
Risks related to climate/environmental changes 
The Issuers and the Group are exposed to risks related to climate and environmental change, which includes two 
main risk factors, referred to as physical risk and transition risk. Physical risk can have an adverse effect on both 
the Group’s assets (e.g. properties being damaged following severe weather events) and on those of its clients, 
with potential repercussions on, for example, assets used as collateral for loans granted. Transition risk can 
generate possible adverse repercussions on the performances of clients impacted by the tradition to a low carbon 
emission-based and more sustainable economy.

--- Page 27 ---
- 25 - 
 
Against the backdrop of a strongly and quickly changing regulatory scenario and the adoption by the European 
Commission of an ambitious package of measures to encourage the flow of capital towards sustainable activities 
throughout the European Union, the Mediobanca Group – since the start of 2021 – has launched a programme of 
ESG risk integration, disclosure and financial sustainability of products, and alignment to the European taxonomy 
regulation. Phase 1 was completed in June 2022, whereas Phase 2 has the following objectives: (i) performance 
of the actions included in the plan sent to the ECB in May 2021; (ii) completion of the process of adapting the 
Group’s operations to meet the obligations introduced by the EU Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation 
(SFDR) and MiFID II); (iii) definition of the preparatory activities for making the first disclosure in relation to 
the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation (as defined below) based on the business areas impacted by the 
regulations. 
In accordance with the climate change objectives included in its Strategic Plan, the Mediobanca Group, which 
was already a member of the so-called Global Compact, has also signed up to the Net-Zero Banking Alliance 
(NZBA), with the objective of achieving net zero emissions by 2050. Furthermore, the Mediobanca Group 
recognizes the importance of a balanced distribution of the value created from the activities it carries out versus 
its own stakeholders, value which the stakeholders themselves have directly or indirectly contributed towards 
creating; for this reason it has decided to publish the economic value it has generated and distributed, calculated 
in accordance with the Italian Banking Association’s instructions by restating the various items of the 
consolidated profit and loss account. 
The Mediobanca Group has been called to perform a stress test on climate risks operated by the European Central 
Bank in 2022 to identify the weaknesses of banks on risk factors related to climate change and whose results will 
be part of the 2022 Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) prudential evaluation. 
The possibility of the adoption of new policies for climate and environmental risk, the future development of the 
areas of intervention in ESG and sustainable growth terms, and changing consumer preferences and market 
confidence impacting adversely on the operating results and on the earnings, capital and/or financial situation of 
the Issuers and the Group cannot be ruled out. 
IT and Cyber Risk 
IT risk is defined as the risk of incurring losses in terms of earnings, reputation and market share in relation to the 
use of the company’s information system and in relation to malfunctions in terms of hardware, software and 
networks. 
Cyber risk is defined as a type of IT risk relating to cyber security aspects and involving risks deriving from cyber 
attacks. 
Although they do not constitute new risks as such, significant exposure to them can doubtless be expected, because 
of the increasing dependence on computer systems (and the consequent increase in the numbers of users using 
online channels and interconnected devices), the growing quantity of data managed (which requires quality 
protection), and the increasing use of IT services provided by third parties. 
It is also worth noting that, with update no. 40th of 3 November 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order 
to implement the EBA Guidelines on ICT and security risk management. Among the others, as of 30 June 2023, 
Italian banks (thus including Mediobanca) would be required to set up a second-level control function to manage 
and monitor over the risks associate with ICT and security. Alternatively, upon bank’s decision, such tasks may 
be assigned to the pre-existing risk management and control functions, in line with the roles, responsibilities and 
competences of each of those functions, and provided that the relevant monitoring and managing activities would 
be properly performed and the technical competences requirements would be duly met. Italian banks are required 
to submit to the Bank of Italy a communication, describing the planned steps to be taken and the arrangements to 
be implemented to be compliant with these recently introduced changes, by 1 September 2023.  
(B) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE FINANCIAL SITUATION OF THE ISSUERS AND OF THE MEDIOBANCA GROUP 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk of each Issuer not being able to meet its own payment obligations as and when 
they fall due, as a result of an inability to raise the necessary funds on the market (funding liquidity risk), or to 
difficulties in selling its own assets to meet them except by making a loss on them (market liquidity risk). Liquidity

--- Page 28 ---
- 26 - 
 
risk has different timing profiles, as follows: (i) the current or potential of the each Issuer being unable to manage 
its own liquidity needs effectively in the short-term (so called liquidity risk); and (ii) the risk of each Issuer not 
having stable sources of funding over the medium and long term, making it unable to meet its own financial 
obligations without an excessive increase in the cost of funding (so called funding risk). 
The Issuers’ liquidity may be affected by: (i) volatility on domestic and International markets; (ii) adverse changes 
in the general economic scenario; (iii) market situations, such as it being temporarily impossible to access the 
market by issuing shares; and (iv) changes in the relevant Issuer’s credit rating, i.e. its degree of earnings/financial 
reliability, which affects market liquidity risk as described above. All these circumstances could arise as a result 
of causes independent of the relevant Issuer, such as market turbulence, impacting negatively on its risk profile. 
The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) as at 30 June 2022 was 159% (compared to 158% as at 30 June 2021), 
including the prudential estimate of “additional liquidity outflows for other products and services” in accordance 
with Article 23 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61; i.e. well above the minimum requirement of 
100% set by the regulators as of 1 January 2018. The Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) as at 30 June 2022 
stood at 115% (compared to 116% as at 30 June 2021); i.e. higher than the minimum requirement of 100% 
introduced starting from 2021. 
The LCR and NSFR are liquidity indicators. The LCR serves to maintain a liquidity buffer that will enable the 
Issuers to survive for a period of thirty days in the event of exceptionally stressful circumstances, while the NSFR 
records structural liquidity, ensuring that assets and liabilities retain a sustainable structure in terms of maturities. 
The Group’s participation in TLTROs (i.e. operations whereby credit institutions in the Eurozone can receive 
finance for up to 3 years on advantageous terms, in order to improve credit market conditions and stimulate the 
real economy) with the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) at 30 June 2022 amounted to €8.4 billion (€7.4 billion 
at 30 June 2021). The interest rate offered on this instrument was made attractive during the Covid-19 pandemic 
to address the downside risks associated with price stability. However, since 23 November 2022, the rate has had 
to be recalibrated in view of the persistent inflaction, to normalize monetary policy. 
Sovereign exposure risk 
Mediobanca is exposed to movements in government securities, in particular to Italian sovereign debt securities. 
As at 30 June 2022, the aggregate exposure to sovereign states held by the Mediobanca Group amounted to €4.3 
billion, of which €1.14 billion booked at fair value, and €3.29 billion at amortized cost, with €0.3 billion in 
securities held by other banks in the Mediobanca Group. At the same date, the aggregate exposure to Italian 
government securities was €3.79 billion, representing 25.6% of the Group’s total financial assets and 4% of the 
total assets (unchanged versus end-June 2021). The average duration of the exposures was approximately four 
years. As at 30 June 2021, the same exposure reflected a book value of €3.87 billion (€2.09 billion recognized at 
fair value and €1.78 billion at amortized cost).  
Tensions in sovereign debt securities, with reference in particular to any deterioration in the spread on Italian 
government securities relative to those of other European member states, and any combined actions by the leading 
rating agencies that would result in the rating for Italian sovereign debt being downgraded to below investment 
grade level, may impact negatively on the Mediobanca’s portfolio, its capital ratios and liquidity position. 
Risk related to court and arbitration proceedings 
The risk deriving from court and arbitration proceedings for Mediobanca consists of a reputational risk, i.e. the 
damages that Mediobanca could incur if one or more of the rulings in the court and arbitration proceedings in 
which Mediobanca is involved generates a negative perception of Mediobanca and/or the Group on the part of 
clients, counterparties, shareholders, investors or the supervisory authorities. 
As at the date hereof, Mediobanca and its Group companies are not, or have not been, involved in proceedings 
initiated by the public authorities, legal disputes or arbitrations which could have or which have, in the recent past, 
had significant consequences for the Mediobanca’s or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
As at 30 June 2022, the main legal proceedings pending that involve Mediobanca include two claims for damages 
and thirteen tax disputes. It is believed that the provision for risks and charges (which as at 30 June 2022 amounted 
to €137.8 million), is sufficient to cover any charges relating to the cases that have been brought against

--- Page 29 ---
- 27 - 
 
Mediobanca and the other Group companies, and to cover other contingent liabilities (as at 30 June 2022 the 
provision included €114 million for litigation and other contingent liabilities). 
(C) 
RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL AND REGULATORY SCENARIO 
Changes in the Italian and European regulatory framework could adversely affect the Issuer’s business 
Mediobanca is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the Commissione Nazionale 
per le Società e la Borsa (the Italian securities market regulator or “CONSOB”) the European Central Bank and 
the European System of Central Banks. Mediobanca International is subject to extensive regulation and 
supervision by the CSSF, the European Central Bank and the European System of Central Banks. 
The banking laws to which the Issuers are subject govern the activities in which banks and foundations may 
engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, 
the Issuers must comply with financial services laws that govern their marketing and selling practices. The 
regulatory framework governing the international financial markets is currently being amended in response to the 
credit crisis, and new legislation and regulations are being introduced in Italy and the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and could significantly alter the Issuers’ capital requirements. In addition, any significant regulatory 
action against a member of the Mediobanca Group could lead to financial losses, as a result of regulatory fines, 
reprimands or litigations, and, in extreme scenarios, to the suspension of operations or even withdrawal of 
authorizations, thus having a material adverse effect on Mediobanca Group's business, results of operations and 
its financial condition, which would be reflected in the Mediobanca Group's consolidated results. 
The supervisory authorities mentioned above govern various aspects of the Issuers, which may include, among 
other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the prevention and combating of money laundering, privacy 
protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in customer relations and registration and reporting obligations. In 
order to operate in compliance with these regulations, the Issuers have in place specific procedures and internal 
policies. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that violations of 
regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect the Group’s results of operations, business and financial 
condition. The above risks are compounded by the fact that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws 
and regulations have only been approved and the relevant implementation procedures are still in the process of 
being developed. 
Risks related to major regulatory changes 
Mediobanca is subject to extensive and strict EU and Italian regulation, which concerns and comprises supervisory 
activity by the competent authorities (i.e. the ECB, Bank of Italy and Consob). Such regulations - and this also 
applies to the supervisory activity - are subject to ongoing revisions and changes in practice. The applicable 
regulations govern the sectors in which banks may operate, in order to safeguard their stability and solidity, 
limiting the exposure to risk. In particular, Mediobanca and the banking companies of the Group are required to 
comply with the capital adequacy requirements instituted by the EU regulations and by Italian law. Furthermore, 
as a listed issuer, Mediobanca is also required to comply with the regulations provided by Consob in this area on 
subjects such as, inter alia, anti-money-laundering, usury and protection of consumer rights. 
Any changes to the regulations and/or the means by which they are interpreted and/or applied by the competent 
authorities, could result in additional charges and obligations to be fulfilled by Mediobanca, which could impact 
negatively on such Issuer’s operating results and its earnings, capital and financial situation. 
Starting from 1 January 2014, a part of the supervisory rules has been amended on the grounds of the directions 
deriving from the so-called Basel III agreements, mainly with the purpose to significantly strengthen the minimum 
capital requirements, the restraint of the leverage degree and the introduction of policies and quantitative rules for 
the mitigation of the liquidity risk of the banks. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, banks must meet the own funds requirements provided by article 92 of the 
CRD IV Regulation, as amended by the CRR II (as both defined below): (i) the Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio 
must be equal to at least 4.5 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount of the bank; (ii) the Tier 1 Ratio must be 
equal to at least 6 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount of the bank;  (iii) the Total Capital Ratio must be 
equal to at least 8 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount of the bank; and (iv) the Leverage Ratio must be 
equal to at least 3 per cent. of the Tier 1 Ratio divided by the total exposures amount of the bank. In addition to

--- Page 30 ---
- 28 - 
 
the minimum regulatory requirements, banks must meet the Combined Buffer Requirements (as defined below) 
provided by the CRD IV Directive (as defined below). 
For a description of the CRD IV Package applicable to Mediobanca Group please see “Regulatory Aspects – Basel 
III and CRD IV Package”.  
As for the capital requirements, the prudential provisions in force provide for minimum capitalisation levels. In 
particular, the banks are required to have a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) ratio at least equal to 7% of the risk-
weighted assets, a Tier 1 ratio equal at least to 8.5% of the risk-weighted assets and a Total Capital ratio equal at 
least to 10.5% of said risk-weighted assets (such minimum levels include the so-called "capital conservation 
buffer", namely a "buffer" of further mandatory capitalisation). 
Mediobanca, as a bank of significant importance for the European financial system, is subject to direct supervision 
of the ECB. Following the SREP the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital requirement 
that Mediobanca must comply with at consolidated level (the “SREP Decision”).  
For the years 2021 and 2022, Mediobanca received a SREP Decision respectively on 17 November 2020 and on 
24 January 2022. On 24 January 2022, Mediobanca has received the following minimum requirements to comply 
with: 
• 
Minimum requirement (CRR Article 92) 
8.00% 
— of which CET1 
4.50% 
— of which T1 
6.00% 
— of which Total capital 
8.00% 
• 
P2R (SREP Decision) 
1.58% 
— of which CET1 
0.89% 
— of which T1 
1.19% 
— of which Total capital 
1.58% 
• 
Capital conservation buffer (CRD IV) 
2.50% 
• 
Minimum total CET1 requirement 
7.89% 
• 
Minimum total Tier 1 requirement 
9.69% 
• 
Minimum total capital requirement 
12.08% 
 
On 30 June 2021, in respect of Mediobanca the CET 1 ratio was 16.31%, the T1 ratio 16.31%, and the total capital 
ratio 18.91%, while as of 30 June 2022 the same ratios were 15.67%, 15.67% and 17.62%, respectively. The CET 
1 ratio reduction is attributable to the buy back plan ended during the previous financial year. In terms of actual 
figures, as at 30 June 2022, the CET1 and Tier 2 totalled €7,894.3 million and €980.1 million respectively; the 
CET1 ratio stood at 15.67% (versus 16.31% at 30 June 2021). The ratio fully loaded without applying the Danish 
Compromise, i.e. with the Assicurazioni Generali deducted in full, and the IFRS 9 also fully applied, would be 
14.50% (15.08% as at 30 June 2021), while the total capital ratio would decrease from 18.91% to 17.62% (16.69% 
fully loaded). Furthermore, as at 30 June 2022, risk-weighted assets (“RWA”s)1 totalled €50,378.0 million, higher 
than the €47,159.3 million reported last year, as a result of the new prudential treatment for the Assicurazioni 
Generali investment (which added €1.4 billion) plus higher loans in CIB (up €700 million), Consumer Finance 
                                                             
1 RWAs are calculated using the standard and internal ratings based (“ IRB”) methods for credit risk; the standard method for market risk, and 
the basic method for operational risks.

--- Page 31 ---
- 29 - 
 
(up €900 million), and Private Banking (up €400 million). Any deterioration in the above prudential requisites 
could impact, even significantly, on the integrity and operating performance of Mediobanca. 
For 2023, no definitive communication has yet been received. The activities performed in 2022 in connection with 
the SREP should in any case entail a small increase in the capital requirement for Mediobanca imposed by the 
ECB, in view of the future uncertainties, and of the fact that such requirement has not been modified in the last 
few years. 
For a description of the Pillar 2 requirements applicable to Mediobanca Group please see “Regulatory Aspects – 
Capital Requirements” of this Base Prospectus.  
It should be noted that, on 12 March 2020, the ECB, taking into account the economic effects of the coronavirus 
(COVID-19), announced certain measures aimed at ensuring that banks, under its direct supervision, are still able 
to provide credit support to the real economy. 
Considering that the European banking sector acquired a significant amount of capital reserves (with the aim of 
enabling banks to face with stressful situations such as the COVID-19), the ECB allows banks to operate 
temporarily below the capital level defined by the "Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G)" and the "capital conservation buffer 
(CCB)". Furthermore, the ECB expects these temporary measures to be further improved by an appropriate 
revision of the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB) by the competent national authorities. 
On 10 February 2022 the ECB announced that it did not see it as necessary to allow banks to operate below the 
level of capital defined by their Pillar 2 Guidance beyond December 2022, nor to extend beyond March 2022 the 
supervisory measure that allow them to exclude central bank exposure from their leverage ratios. Therefore, banks 
are: (i) expected to operate above Pillar 2 Guidance from 1 January 2023; (ii) re-include central bank exposures 
in leverage ratio from 1 April 2022; and (iii) have ample headroom above capital and leverage ratio requirements. 
Moreover, due to the COVID-19 outbreak, with the Recommendation of 27 March 2020, the ECB recommended 
that at least until 1 October 2020 no dividends are paid out and no irrevocable commitment to pay out dividends 
is undertaken by the credit institutions for the financial year 2019 and 2020 and that credit institutions refrain from 
share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders. The ECB decided to extend the recommendation on 
dividends until 30 September 2021 with the Recommendation ECB/2020/62 that repeals Recommendation ECB 
2020/19 of 27 March 2020 and Recommendation ECB 2020/35 of 27 July 2020. On 23 July 2021, the ECB 
decided not to extend dividend recommendation beyond September 2021, but published a new Recommendation 
ECB/2021/31. In particular, Recommendation ECB/2021/31 states that the ECB considered that the reduced 
economic uncertainty allows the supervisory assessment of the prudence of bank’s plans to distribute dividends 
and conduct share buybacks on an individual basis with a careful forward-looking assessment of capital plans in 
the context of the normal supervisory cycle. 
As for the liquidity, the European rules envisage, inter alia, a short-term indicator (Liquidity Coverage Ratio or 
“LCR”), aimed at creating and maintaining a liquidity buffer able to allow the survival of the bank for a period 
of thirty days in case of serious market stress, and a structural liquidity indicator (Net Stable Funding Ratio or 
“NSFR”) with a temporal horizon longer than a year, introduced to ensure that the assets and liabilities have a 
sustainable maturity structure.  
The Mediobanca Group’s liquidity and long-term viability depends on many factors including its ability to 
successfully raise capital and secure appropriate financing. Should Mediobanca Group not be able to implement 
the approach to capital requirements it considers optimal in order to meet the capital requirements imposed by the 
CRD IV Package (as amended by the Banking Reform Package), it may be required to maintain levels of capital 
which could potentially impact its credit ratings, funding conditions and limit Mediobanca’s growth opportunities. 
Both indicators of the Mediobanca Group are widely above the minimum limits provided by the abovementioned 
provisions of law.  
Furthermore, the Banking Reform Package introduced the financial Leverage Ratio, which measures the coverage 
degree of Class 1 Capital compared to the total exposure of the Mediobanca Group. Such index is calculated by 
considering the assets and exposures out of the budget. The objective of the indicator is to contain the degree of 
indebtedness in the balance sheets of the banks. The ratio is subject to a minimum regulatory limit of 3%.

--- Page 32 ---
- 30 - 
 
The Mediobanca Group’s leverage ratio, calculated without excluding exposures to central banks, on 30 June 
2022 stood at 8.4% (9.1% as at 30 June 2021). The reduction since end-June 2021 is due to the increase in 
exposures due to the higher treasury assets. 
Depending on the outcomes of the legislative process underway in Europe, Mediobanca might be compelled to 
adapt to changes in the regulations (and in their construction and/or implementation procedures adopted by the 
supervisory authorities), with potential adverse effects on its assets, liabilities and financial situation. In particular, 
investors should consider that supervisory authorities may impose further requirements and/or parameters for the 
purpose of calculating capital adequacy requirements or may adopt interpretation approaches of the legislation 
governing prudential fund requirements unfavourable to Mediobanca, with consequent inability of Mediobanca 
to comply with the requirements imposed and with a potential negative impact, even material, on the business and 
capital, economic and financial conditions. 
In light of that, Mediobanca has in place specific procedures and internal policies - in accordance with the 
regulatory frameworks defined by domestic and European supervisory authorities and consistent with the 
regulatory framework being implemented at the European Union level - to monitor, among other things, liquidity 
levels and capital adequacy. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that 
violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect Mediobanca’s results of operations, business 
and financial condition. In particular, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the EU Banking Reform Package has 
been recently implemented in Italy and there is uncertainty as to its implementation and interpretation, and it is 
not yet clear what impact the changes introduced by the  Banking Reform Package will have on Mediobanca’s 
operations. Moreover, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy’s authority to introduce a systemic 
risk buffer and borrower based measures has recently been introduced into the Circular No. 285 (as defined below) 
and there is uncertainty as to how (and if) the Italian regulator would exercise such authority. Therefore, it is not 
yet clear what impact these regulatory changes will have on Mediobanca’s operations. Finally, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the 2021 Reform Package (as defined below) has recently been proposed by the European 
Commission and there is uncertainty as to adoption and implementation, and it is not yet clear how and to what 
extent this legislative proposal may impact on Mediobanca’s operations. 
For a description of the Banking Reform Package applicable to Mediobanca Group please see “Regulatory Aspects 
– Revision to the CRD IV Package”. 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU (Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the (EU) Regulation no. 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, – so-called 
"SRMR"), which may determine a significant impact on the economic and financial position of the Mediobanca 
and the Mediobanca Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds with financial resources that 
shall be provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. 
Investors should also consider that it cannot be excluded that in the future Mediobanca may be required, in 
particular in light of external factors and unforeseeable events outside its control and/or after further requests by 
the supervisory authority, to implement capital enhancement interventions; there is also a risk that Mediobanca 
may not be able to achieve and/or maintain (both at individual and consolidated level) the minimum capital 
requirements provided for by the legislation in force from time to time or established from time to time by the 
supervisory authority in the times prescribed therein, with potential material negative impact on its business and 
capital, economic and financial condition. 
In these circumstances, it cannot be excluded that Mediobanca may be subject to extraordinary actions and/or 
measures by competent authorities, which may include, inter alia, the application of the resolution tools as per the 
BRRD Decrees (as defined below). In particular, the impact of the resolution tools provided for by the BRRD 
Decrees on the rights of the Noteholders are further described in the section “Regulatory Aspects”. In this respect, 
please see “Regulatory Aspects - The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” and see “Regulatory Aspects – 
Revision to the BRRD framework” of this Base Prospectus. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions (the “SSM 
Regulation”) in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the “Single Supervisory Mechanism” or 
“SSM”). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction with the national 
regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct supervisory responsibility over 
"banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone.

--- Page 33 ---
- 31 - 
 
In this respect, "banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total value 
of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its total 
assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit 
institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the 
European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; (iv) is considered by the ECB to be 
of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State 
and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with each 
national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution 
significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. Mediobanca has been 
classified as a significant supervised entity within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European 
Central Bank of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism between the European Central Bank and each national competent authority and with national 
designated authorities (the “SSM Framework Regulation”) and, as such, is subject to direct prudential 
supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions granted to ECB by the SSM Regulation and the SSM 
Framework Regulation. 
For further details, please see “Regulatory Aspects”. In this respect, please see “Regulatory Aspects – ECB Single 
Supervisory Mechanism”. 
Mediobanca undertakes to comply with the set of laws and regulations applicable to the Group. Failure to do so, 
or changes to the regulations and/or to the means of interpreting and/or applying them made by the competent 
national regulatory authorities could entail possible adverse impacts (including the possibility of legal proceedings 
being initiated against the Group) on the operating results and on the earnings, capital and financial situation of 
Mediobanca and the Group.  
Risks related to changes in the regulations on non-performing loans 
Mediobanca, in its capacity as Issuer, is bound to comply and align itself with changes in the regulation on non-
performing exposures (“NPEs”), at both national and supranational levels. Despite undertaking to meet the 
deadlines for alignment and comply with the new obligations introduced, the ongoing changes in the regulations 
and/or ways in which they are interpreted and/or applied by the competent authorities, could give rise to new 
charges and obligations on the part of Mediobanca, with a potentially negative impact on such Issuer’s operating 
results and its earnings, capital and financial situation. In particular fresh regulatory capital may be absorbed, 
resulting in changes to the capital ratios. 
The recently introduced banking reforms as well as other laws and regulations that may be adopted in the future 
could adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
Risks related to changes in fiscal law 
The Issuers are subject to risks associated with changes in tax law or in the interpretation of tax law, changes in 
tax rates and consequences arising from non-compliance with procedures required by tax authorities. Any 
legislative changes affecting the calculation of taxes could therefore have an impact on the Issuers’ financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
With particular reference to Mediobanca, Mediobanca is required to pay Italian corporate income taxes (“IRES”) 
pursuant to Title II of Italian Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 December 1986 (i.e. the Consolidated Income Tax 
Law, or “TUIR”) and the Italian regional business tax (“IRAP”) pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 446 of 15 
December 1997, and the amount of taxes due and payable by Mediobanca may be affected by tax benefits from 
time to time available. 
Mediobanca can benefit from the stimulus provisions introduced by way of article 1 of Italian Law Decree no. 
201 of 6 December 2011, as amended and converted into Law no. 214 of 22 December 2011, concerning 
“economic-growth allowances” (aiuto alla crescita economica, or “ACE”) if all the conditions provided by the 
above-mentioned Law are met. The ACE rules allow for a deduction from net income for the purposes of IRES 
of an amount computed by applying a notional yield at a rate of 1.3% from 2019 onwards to the increase in net 
equity (the “ACE Base”). The ACE base is, for the first year of application of ACE (i.e. 2011), the amount of 
equity existing at close of that year less the amount of equity as of 31 December 2010 (excluding profits earned

--- Page 34 ---
- 32 - 
 
in 2010) and, for subsequent years, the base carried forward from the previous year as adjusted (increased and 
reduced) to reflect components affecting equity.  
In accordance with article 3 of the Italian Ministerial Decree of 3 August 2017 revising the implementing 
provisions of the ACE legislation, if the amount of the notional yield (i.e. the ACE deduction) exceeds net 
income declared for a given tax year (the “Excess ACE”), such excess (i) may increase the amount deductible 
from income in subsequent tax years without time or amount limits, or (ii) may be converted into a tax credit 
calculated by applying the IRES tax rate, as per article 77 of the TUIR, to the Excess ACE amount and then 
utilised in five annual instalments of equal amount as an offset to IRAP up to the amount of tax due for the 
period. 
From time to time, the Italian budget law may also include provisions that affect the deductibility of particular 
items that could result in an increase in the taxable income of the Issuer for IRES and/or IRAP purposes, either 
in general or for specific tax period(s). 
The transposition of the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives in Luxembourg law could have an impact on the tax 
position of Mediobanca International (including its performance) 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised implementation of a 
number of the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (the 
"ATAD 1") on 12 July 2016. The EU Council further adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 (“ATAD2” and, 
togheter with the ATAD1, “ATAD”) on 29 May 2017, amending the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 1, to 
provide for minimum standards for counteracting hybrid mismatches involving EU member states and third 
countries. 
In this respect, the Luxembourg law dated 21 December 2018 (the "ATAD 1 Law") transposed the ATAD 1 into 
Luxembourg legislation. Amongst the measures contained in the ATAD 1 Law is an interest deductibility 
limitation rule.  
The interest deduction limitation rule set out by ATAD 1 has been implemented in article 168bis of the 
Luxembourg income tax law (“LITL”) effective as of 1 January 2019, which restrict, for a Luxembourg taxpayer, 
the deduction of net interest expenses qualifying as “exceeding borrowing costs” to the higher of (i) 30 per cent. 
of the taxpayer’s EBITDA and (ii) €3 million.  
Exceeding borrowing costs are defined as the amount by which the deductible borrowing costs of a taxpayer 
exceeds the taxpayer’s taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent taxable income of the taxpayer. 
Exceeding borrowing costs not deductible in a tax period can be carried forward indefinitely. The same applies to 
a taxpayer’s excess interest capacity which cannot be used in a given tax period (however, such excess interest 
capacity can only be carried forward for a maximum period of 5 years). 
Financial undertakings, such as credit institutions, are excluded fom the scope of the interest limitation rule, hence, 
considering that Mediobanca International is a credit institution within the meaning of the law dated 5 April 1993, 
it is not impacted by this interest limitation rule. 
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives also contain rules relating to so-called hybrid mismatches. Luxembourg 
implemented the anti-hybrid mismatch rules under ATAD 2 in article 168ter of the LITL with effect as of 1 
January 2020, except for the measures related to reverse hybrid mismatches which will apply as from fiscal year 
2022. 
As per article 168ter of the LITL, a hybrid mismatch arises when a payment between entities located in different 
states results in a double deduction or a deduction without inclusion. In the event of a double deduction, the 
deriving hybrid mismatch should be adjusted by denying the deduction at the level of either (i) the payee or (ii) 
the payor (provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of the payee). In the event of a 
deduction without inclusion, the deriving hybrid mismatch shall be adjusted by means of either (i) the denial of 
the deduction at the level of the payor or (ii) the inclusion of the payment in the taxable income of the payee 
(provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of the payor). 
A hybrid mismatch occurs only if it arises either (i) between "associated enterprises" or in the case of "acting 
together", (ii) a taxpayer and an associated enterprise, (iii) head office and permanent establishment, (iv) two or 
more permanent establishments of the same entity or (v) in the case of a structured arrangement.

--- Page 35 ---
- 33 - 
 
The impact of ATAD2 depends on the tax treatment at the level of the relevant holder of Notes and may alter the 
tax position and hence the performance of Mediobanca International.  
2. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE NOTES 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
(A) 
Risks which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes; and 
(B) 
Risks related to the market. 
(A) 
RISKS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH 
THE NOTES 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
proceed with investment only after fully appreciating the risks inherent in the nature of the Notes; 
(ii) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(iii) 
evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the 
Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; 
(v) 
consider all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with payments thereunder payable 
in one or more currencies, or where the currency for payments thereunder is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(vi) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes; and 
(vii) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
In addition, an investment in Senior Non Preferred Notes may entail significant risks not associated with 
investments in conventional securities such as debt or equity securities, including, but not limited to, the risks set 
out in “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes” set out below. 
The Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. 
They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. 
A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise 
(either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the 
resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s 
overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 36 ---
- 34 - 
 
Risks related to the structure of a particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. This section contains risk factors which are material to the Notes 
being offered and/or admitted to trading. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes or may be perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to 
any redemption period. The relevant Issuer may redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, if the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is 
subject to the previsions set forth in Conditions 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(m) (Special provision in 
relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes (as the case may be) and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be 
lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant redemption 
date. 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the event 
that the relevant Issuer (i) would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg or Italy (as appropriate) or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax or (ii) would become subject to additional amount of taxes due to limitation to the deductibility of 
payments under any Notes), the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other 
investments available at that time. In addition, if the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, 
the exercise of such right is subject to the previsions set forth in Conditions 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be), as well as Conditions 4(m) (Special provision in 
relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be) and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of 
the Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such 
Notes as of the relevant redemption date.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer may elect to convert, in accordance 
with the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and/or the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be), from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
- 35 - 
 
To the extent that Multiplier or Reference Rate Multiplier applies in respect of the determination of the Interest 
Rate for the Floating Rate Notes, investors should be aware that any fluctuation of the underlying floating rate 
will be amplified by such multiplier. Where the Multiplier or Reference Rate Multiplier is less than 1, this may 
adversely affect the return on the Floating Rate Notes. 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rate 
Potential investors in the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes should also consider that where the 
underlying interest rate does not rise above the level of the Minimum Interest Rate, comparable investments in 
notes which pay interest based on a fixed rate which is higher than the Minimum Interest Rate are likely to be 
more attractive to potential investors than an investment in the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes. 
Under those conditions, investors in the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes might find it difficult 
to sell their Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes on the secondary market (if any) or might only be 
able to realise the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes at a price which may be substantially lower 
than the nominal amount. 
To the extent a Maximum Interest Rate applies, investors should be aware that the Interest Rate is capped at such 
Maximum Interest Rate level. Consequently, investors in the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes 
may not participate in any increase of market interest rates, which may also negatively affect the market value of 
the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes 
If the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes are issued as Reset Notes, then such Reset Notes will 
initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date up to but 
excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent 
Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the 
First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date (each such interest rate, a “Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest”). The Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than to prices for conventional interest-bearing notes. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing notes with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Senior Notes 
Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event 
Subject to Conditions 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, 
purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be), 
if Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Senior Notes 
may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Senior Note is 
not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Senior Note is a Floating Rate Note) upon the 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 4(h) (Redemption due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(h) (Redemption due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes) with respect to the relevant Series 
of Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Senior Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that 
time. In addition, if the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Senior Notes at its option, the exercise of such 
right is subject to the previsions set forth in Conditions 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase 
or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(m) (Special provision

--- Page 38 ---
- 36 - 
 
in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes (as the case may be) and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed 
may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Senior Notes as of the 
relevant redemption date.  
Variation of the terms and conditions of the Senior Notes 
In relation to any series of Senior Notes, if Modification following a MREL Disqualification Event is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 (Acknowledgement of the 
Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power) modify the terms and conditions of such Senior Notes without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders to the extent that such modification is reasonably 
necessary to ensure that no MREL Disqualification Event would exist after such modification or the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 14 (Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), provided that 
the relevant conditions set forth in Condition 9(d) (Modification following a MREL Disqualification Event) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 9(d) (Modification following a MREL Disqualification Event) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case maybe) are satisfied. For details, see Condition 
9(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 9(d) (Modification following a MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case maybe). 
Investors should be aware that, where the terms and conditions of such Senior Notes are varied, Noteholders may, 
as a result, among other things, be assessed as a class rather than individually, and any tax consequences may be 
borne by the Noteholder. 
Risks related to the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
Italian laws and regulations applicable to the Senior Non Preferred Notes were recently enacted 
On 1 January 2018, the Italian law No. 205 of 27 December 2017 (so-called “Legge di Bilancio 2018”) came into 
force introducing certain amendments to the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Italian 
Banking Act”), including the possibility for banks and companies belonging to banking groups to issue senior 
non-preferred securities (the so-called “strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello”). 
In particular, the so-called “Legge di Bilancio 2018” introduced, inter alia, a new provision in the Italian Banking 
Act (i.e., Article 12-bis (Strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello)) providing that securities 
(obbligazioni and altri titoli di debito) with a senior non-preferred ranking issued by banks and companies 
belonging to banking groups shall comply with the following requirements: 
(i) 
the original maturity period is at least equal to twelve months; 
(ii) 
are not derivative securities (strumenti finanziari derivanti) (as defined in Article 1, paragraph 3 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”)), are not 
linked to derivative securities, nor include any characteristics of such derivative securities; 
(iii) 
the minimum denomination is at least equal to EUR 150,000 (or such other minimum denomination 
provided by applicable law from time to time); and 
(iv) 
the prospectus and the agreements regulating the issuance of senior non-preferred securities expressly 
provide that payment of interests and reimbursement of principal due in respect thereof are subject to the 
provisions set forth in of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act. 
Furthermore, paragraph 1105 of the so-called “Legge di Bilancio 2018” set out that securities qualifying as 
“strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello” may only be offered to qualified investors (investitori 
qualificati), as referred to in Article 100, letter a), of the Financial Services Act as implemented by Article 34-ter, 
first paragraph, letter b) of Regulation No. 11971/1999 and the relevant applicable provisions set forth in 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018. 
According to Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act, in case an issuer of senior non-
preferred securities is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa), the relevant 
payment obligations in respect thereof will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including

--- Page 39 ---
- 37 - 
 
depositors), (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and non preferred obligations 
which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such senior non-preferred securities 
and (C) in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such senior non-preferred securities and the 
claims of the shareholders. 
Furthermore, Article 12-bis of the Italian Banking Act also provides that: 
(A) 
the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act shall apply 
to such senior non-preferred securities only to the extent that the requirements described in paragraphs 
(i), (ii) and (iv) above have been complied with; any contractual provision which does not comply with 
any of the above requirements is invalid but such invalidity does not imply the invalidity of the entire 
agreement; 
(B) 
the senior non-preferred securities, once issued, may not be amended in a manner that the requirements 
described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) above are not complied with and that any different contractual 
provision is null and void; and 
(C) 
the Bank of Italy may enact further regulation providing for additional requirements in respect of the 
issuance and the characteristics of senior non-preferred securities. 
Any prospective investor in the Senior Non Preferred Notes should be aware that with reference to Articles 12-
bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, no 
interpretation of the application of such provisions has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or 
regulatory authority and no regulation has been issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. Consequently, it is 
possible that any regulation or official interpretation relating to the above will be issued in the future by the Bank 
of Italy or any different authority, the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Risk of classification of the Senior Non Preferred Notes as “strumenti chirografari di secondo livello” 
The intention of Mediobanca is for Senior Non Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as “strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello” pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter 
c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. 
Current regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy (acting as lead regulator) does not require (or customarily provide) 
a confirmation prior to the issuance of the Senior Non Preferred Notes that the Senior Non Preferred Notes will 
comply with such provisions. 
Although it is Mediobanca' expectation that the Senior Non Preferred Notes qualify as “strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello” pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter 
c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as 
defined in Condition 4(h) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and 4(h)(Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be) there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during 
the life of the Senior Non Preferred Notes.  
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are novel and complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable investment 
for certain investors. Each potential investor in the Senior Non Preferred Notes should determine the suitability 
of such investment in light of its own circumstances and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear 
the risks of an investment in the Senior Non Preferred Notes, including the possibility that the entire principal 
amount of the Senior Non Preferred Notes could be lost. A potential investor should not invest in the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes unless it has the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate 
how the Senior Non Preferred Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the market 
value of the Senior Non Preferred Notes, and the impact of this investment on the potential investor’s overall 
investment portfolio. 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are new types of instruments for which there is no trading history

--- Page 40 ---
- 38 - 
 
Prior to the adoption of the so-called Legge di Bilancio 2018 and its entry into force, Italian issuers were not 
able to issue senior non-preferred securities. Accordingly, there is no trading history for securities with this 
ranking. Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the risks 
associated with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned to senior non-preferred securities 
such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, and the value 
of such securities may be particularly volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, 
over time, the credit ratings and value of senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
will be lower than those expected by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior Non Preferred Notes. If so, 
investors may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations 
In order to be eligible to satisfy the provisions of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant 
Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in 
Condition 4(h) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and 4(h) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes (as the case may be), Senior Non Preferred Notes will be subordinated to existing senior debt 
and Senior Preferred Notes in the event that Mediobanca is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione 
coatta amministrativa). As a result, the default risk on the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be higher than the 
risk associated with preferred senior debt (such as Senior Preferred Notes) and other senior liabilities (such as 
wholesale deposits). 
Although Senior Non Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Preferred Notes 
which are not issued on a senior non preferred basis, there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior Non 
Preferred Notes will lose all or some of its investment should Mediobanca become subject to compulsory 
liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa). Thus, such holders of Senior Preferred Notes face an increased 
performance risk compared to holders of Senior Preferred Obligations. 
If a judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of Mediobanca, or if 
Mediobanca is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes will be subordinated to the payment in full of the senior preferred creditors of Mediobanca and any other 
creditors that are senior to the Notes. In the event of incomplete payment of senior preferred creditors and other 
creditors ranking ahead of the claims of the holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes, the obligations of the Issuer 
in connection with the principal of the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be terminated. The Noteholders shall be 
responsible for taking all steps necessary for the orderly accomplishment of any collective proceedings or 
voluntary liquidation in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Credit rating which may be assigned to the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes, upon issue, may be rated by one or more credit rating agencies. Such credit 
rating may be lower than the Mediobanca’s credit rating, since reflect the increased risk of loss in the event of 
the Mediobanca’s insolvency. As a result, Senior Non Preferred Notes are likely to be rated by one or more 
credit rating agencies close to the level of subordinated debt and as such may be subject to a higher risk of price 
volatility than the Senior Preferred Notes. 
In addition, the rating may change in the future depending on the assessment, by one or more credit rating 
agencies, of the impact on the different instrument classes resulting from the modified liability structure 
following the issuance of the Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
Moreover, rating organisations may seek to rate any Senior Non Preferred Notes on an “unsolicited” basis and, 
if such “unsolicited ratings” are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to such Senior Non Preferred Notes 
on a “solicited” basis, such shadow or unsolicited ratings could have an adverse effect on the value of any Senior 
Non Preferred Notes. 
Risks related to the Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations

--- Page 41 ---
- 39 - 
 
If Mediobanca is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, or in the event that the Issuer becomes subject 
to an order of “liquidazione coatta amministrativa” as defined in Italian Banking Act, it will be required to pay 
the holders of senior debt (including the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes) 
and meet its obligations to all its other creditors (including unsecured creditors) in full before it can make any 
payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, Mediobanca may not have enough assets remaining after 
these payments to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Notes, in addition, the timing of any such payment 
may not be forecasted at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining financial 
stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation 
tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary 
financial support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid 
framework and the BRRD. As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of 
extraordinary public support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State 
guarantee to back liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a 
State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary 
recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalisation EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior 
bond holders (such as holders of the Subordinated Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
As a result, Subordinated Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to Common Equity 
Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the Group's entities or another institution. Accordingly, trading behaviour 
may also be affected by the threat that non-viability loss absorption (or the general bail-in tool) may be applied to 
Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD may be 
applied and, as a result, Subordinated Notes are not necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour associated 
with other types of securities.  Noteholders should consider the risk that they may lose all of their investment, 
including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if the non-viability loss absorption (or the general bail-
in tool) is applied to the Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework 
and the BRRD are applied or that such Subordinated Notes may be converted into ordinary shares which ordinary 
shares may be of little value at the time of conversion. 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 implementing BRRD II in Italy and published on 30 
November 2021 in the Gazzetta Ufficiale has transposed Article 48(7) of BRRD II under Article 91, paragraph 1-
bis), letter c-ter) of the Italian Banking Act. Such provisions states that (i) if an instrument is only partly recognised 
as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated in insolvency as a claim resulting from an own funds 
item and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an own funds item and (ii) if an instrument is 
fully disqualified as own funds item, it would cease to be treated as a claim resulting from an own funds item in 
insolvency and, consequently, would improve their ranking with respect to any claim that results from an own 
funds item (such as the Subordinated Notes). In light of this new provision, if certain Tier II instruments of the 
Issuer were to be disqualified in full as own funds items in the future, their ranking would improve vis-à-vis the 
rest of the Tier II instruments and, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter 
alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully 
or partially are recognised as an own funds instrument, in full before it can make any payments on the 
Subordinated Notes. 
For a full description of the provisions relating to Subordinated Notes, see Condition 2 (Status of Notes and 
Guarantee) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 2 (Status of Notes and 
Guarantee) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
In addition the Subordinated Notes expose investors to higher risks compared with certain other investments such 
as government bonds. Investors should therefore be aware that a comparison between the yield offered by the 
Subordinated Notes and those offered by other securities may not be meaningful or appropriate. 
Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
The intention of Mediobanca is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as “Tier II Capital”. Current regulatory 
practice by the Bank of Italy (acting as lead regulator) does not require (or customarily provide) a confirmation 
prior to the issuance of Subordinated Notes that the Subordinated Notes will be treated as such.

--- Page 42 ---
- 40 - 
 
Although it is Mediobanca’s expectation that the Subordinated Notes qualify as “Tier II Capital” there can be no 
representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of the Subordinated Notes or that the Subordinated 
Notes will be grandfathered under the implementation of future EU capital requirement regulations. If the 
Subordinated Notes are not grandfathered, or for any other reason cease to qualify (in whole or in part) as “Tier 
II Capital”, Mediobanca will have the right (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) to redeem the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 4(g) (Redemption due to Tier II Notes Disqualification Event) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(g) (Redemption due to Tier II Notes Disqualification 
Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be). Any redemption of 
Subordinated Notes issued by Mediobanca is subject to the prior approval of the Bank of Italy. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Subordinated Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments 
available at that time. In addition, if the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise 
of such right is subject to the previsions set forth in Condition 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, 
purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 4(m) 
(Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Subordinated Notes to be 
redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Subordinated 
Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
Notes may be subject to loss absorption 
Investors should note that, in certain circumstances, Senior Notes may be the object of resolution tools. Investors 
should also be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in-tool, the BRRD contemplates that Subordinated Notes 
may be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-viability should the Bank 
of Italy, the Central Bank of Ireland or other authority or authorities having prudential oversight of Mediobanca 
at the relevant time be given the power to do so. The BRRD is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken 
in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. 
Moreover, in the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the 
maturity of certain debt instruments (such as the Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) issued by an institution 
under resolution or amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, or the date on which the interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period. As a result, the implementation of 
the directive or the taking of any action under it, as well as any perceived increase likelihood of application of 
such powers, could materially affect the value of any Notes. 
Additionally, there may be material tax consequences for holders of Subordiated Notes as a result of such write-
down or conversion, and holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Redemption due to Tier II Notes Disqualification Event 
Subject to Conditions 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, 
purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be), 
if Redemption due to Tier II Notes Disqualification Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if 
the Subordinated Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Subordinated Note is 
a Floating Rate Note) upon the occurrence of a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event after the date of issue of the 
relevant Subordinated Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Subordinated Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments 
available at that time. In addition, if the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Subordinated Notes at its 
option, the exercise of such right is subject to the previsions set forth in Conditions 4(m) (Special provision in 
relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be) and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of

--- Page 43 ---
- 41 - 
 
the Subordinated Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market 
value of such Subordinated Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
Variation of the terms and conditions of Subordinated Notes 
In relation to any series of Subordinated Notes, if Modification following a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event 
or a Tax Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may upon the occurrence 
of a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event or a Tax Event and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 14 (Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power) modify the terms 
and conditions of such Subordinated Notes without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders 
to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no Tier II Notes Disqualification Event 
or Tax Event would exist after such modification or the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 
(Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), provided that the relevant conditions set forth in 
Condition 9(e) (Modification following a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event or a Tax Event) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 9(e) (Modification following a Tier II Notes Disqualification 
Event or a Tax Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes are satisfied. For details, see Condition 
9(e) (Modification following a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event or a Tax Event) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and Condition 9(e) (Modification following a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event or a 
Tax Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Pursuant to Condition 9(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 9(f) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, in case the Notes have been distributed to a single holder (the “Single 
Holder”), the approval for the amendments under Condition 9(a),(b),(c),(d) and (e) shall be given by the Single 
Holder by way of binding approval letter with prior delivery of the relevant proof of ownership of the relevant 
Note. 
Investors should be aware that, where the terms and conditions of such Subordinated Notes are varied, Noteholders 
may, as a result, among other things, be assessed as a class rather than individually, and any tax consequences 
may be borne by the Noteholder. 
No gross up on withholding tax 
To the extent that the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor is required by law to withhold or deduct any present or 
future taxes of any kind imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (as appropriate), the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may not be under an obligation to pay any 
additional amounts to Noteholders according to and subject to the provisions set forth in Condition 6(a) (Gross 
Up) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(a) (Gross Up) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Waiver of set-off 
As specified in Condition 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), Condition 2(c) (Status of the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes) and Condition 2(d) (Status of the Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, each holder of a Note will unconditionally 
and irrevocably waive any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Note.  
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Resolution Power and contractual recognition of the BRRD 
Under the BRRD framework any Relevant Authority has the power to apply "resolution" tools if the Issuer is 
failing or likely to fail, as an alternative to compulsory liquidation proceedings. Specifically, these tools are: (1) 
the sale of business assets or shares of the Issuer; (2) the establishment of a bridging institution; (3) the separation 
of the unimpaired assets of the Issuer from those which are deteriorated or impaired; and (4) a bail-in, through 
write-down/conversion into equity of regulatory capital instruments (including the Subordinated Notes) as well 
as other liabilities of the Issuer (including the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) if the

--- Page 44 ---
- 42 - 
 
relevant conditions are satisfied and in accordance with the creditors' hierarchy provided under the relevant 
provisions of Italian law. 
Furthermore, Article 33a of BRRD II introduces a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary measure in 
an early stage and new suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use within the resolution period. 
Any suspension of activities can, as stated above, result in the partial or complete suspension of the performance 
of agreements (including any payment or delivery obligation) entered into by the respective credit institution. The 
exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the 
holders of securities issued by the Issuers, the price or value of their investment in any such security and/or the 
ability of the credit institution to satisfy its obligations under any such security. 
In particular, by its acquisition of a Note (whether on issuance or in the secondary market), each holder of the 
Notes acknowledges, accepts, agrees to be bound by and consents to the exercise of any resolution power by a 
Relevant Authority that may result in (i) the cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or interest 
on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes into 
equity or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to 
the terms of the Notes and/or (ii) the cancellation of the Guarantee or the modification of any of its terms, in each 
case to give effect to the exercise by a Relevant Authority of such resolution power. Each holder of the Notes 
acknowledges, accepts and agrees that its rights as a holder of the Notes or beneficiary of the Guarantee are subject 
to, and will be varied, if necessary, so as to give effect to, the exercise of any such power by any Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the resolution power by the Relevant Authority will not constitute an event of default under the 
Notes. 
The exercise of any resolution power, which could result in the Notes being written down or converted into equity 
pursuant to such statutory measures, or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely 
affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes, the ability of the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under the Notes, and may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
Change of law 
The English Law Notes and the Italian Law Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the relevant Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, respectively, 
English law or Italian Law, in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, provided that (I) in case of Notes 
issued by Mediobanca, Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) (Status of the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes), 2(d) (Status of the Subordinated Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption 
due to Tier II Notes Disqualification Event), Condition 4(h) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event), 
8 (Events of Default) and 16 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law; (II) 
in case of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior 
Preferred Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption),  Condition 4(h) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification 
Event) and Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 4(b) 
(Maturities/Final Redemption), Condition 4(h) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event) and Condition 
14 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) or the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Luxembourgish law. No assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law and/or Italian law, or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Call options are subject to the prior consent to the Relevant Authority 
The Notes may also contain provisions allowing the relevant Issuer to call them upon the occurrence of certain 
events, including, inter alia, in case of MREL Disqualification Event (applicable to the Senior Preferred Notes 
and the Senior Non Preferred Notes) or after a period of, for example, twelve months (in case of the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes) and - in the case of Tier II Notes Disqualification Event (applicable to the Subordinated Notes) 
- five years. To exercise such  call options, the relevant Issuer must obtain the prior written consent of the Relevant 
Authority in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including article 77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV, and 
the provisions of Condition 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(m) (Special provision in relation to 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
- 43 - 
 
Holders of such Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of such Notes and should not invest in such Notes 
in the expectation that such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the relevant Issuer 
and certain other factors at the relevant time and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including 
Article 77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV. 
There can be no assurance that the Relevant Authority will permit such a call. Holders of such Notes should be 
aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in 
excess of the minimum period. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Senior Notes and/or the Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that time. In addition, if the relevant Issuer has the 
right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the previsions set forth in Condition 
4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be) and, in any 
case, the relevant redemption amount of the Senior Notes and/or Subordinated Notes to be redeemed may be lower 
than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Senior Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
as of the relevant redemption date. 
There may be limited or no Event of Defaults under the Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 8 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 
8(Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, the Events of Default, being events 
upon which the Noteholders may declare the Notes to be immediately due and payable, are limited to 
circumstances in which the Issuer is wound up or dissolved, except for the purposes of, and pursuant to, or in 
connection with, a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, consolidation, 
deconsolidation or disposal of assets. 
Accordingly, Noteholders will not be able to accelerate the payment of principal in respect of the Notes if the 
relevant Issuer fails to meet any obligations under such Notes, including the payment of any interest. Upon a 
payment default, the sole remedy available to holders of such Notes will be the institution of proceedings to 
enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such 
proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Italian Law Notes 
 
The Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes are governed by Italian law and Condition 15 (Law and 
Jurisdiction) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes provides that contractual and noncontractual 
obligations arising out or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Italian Law. In case the Notes are in global form, the Global Notes representing the Italian Law Notes provide 
that all contractual and non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Global Notes 
representing the Italian Law Notes are governed by Italian law, save for the form and transferability of the Global 
Notes which are governed by English law. Furthermore, Temporary Global Notes or the Permanent Global Notes, 
whether issued in CGN or NGN form, as the case may be, representing the Italian Law Notes are signed by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom and, thereafter, delivered to BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as initial Fiscal 
Agent, being the entity in charge for, inter alia, completing, authenticating and delivering the Temporary Global 
Notes and Permanent Global Notes and (if required) authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes, hence the 
Italian Law Notes would be deemed to be issued in England according to Italian law. Article 59 of Law No. 218 
of 31 May 1995 (regarding the Italian international private law rules) provides that "other debt securities (titoli di 
credito) are governed by the law of the State in which the security was issued". 
 
In light of the above, the Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable 
to the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and the Global Notes and the laws applicable to their 
transfer and circulation for any prospective investors in the Italian Law Notes and any disputes which may arise 
in relation to, inter alia, the transfer of ownership in the Italian Law Notes. 
 
Procedures of clearing systems

--- Page 46 ---
- 44 - 
 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by 
one or more Global Notes and such Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or (where applicable) 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the 
relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system provided in the Final Terms will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors 
will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the relevant Issuer 
will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system for 
distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system to receive payments 
under the relevant Notes. The relevant Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Holders of beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted 
to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Modification 
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes and the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement 
for the Italian Law Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) may, 
without the consent of Noteholders, correct (i) any manifest error in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or 
in the Final Terms, (ii) any error of a formal, minor or technical nature in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
and/or in the Final Terms or (iii) any inconsistency in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or in the Final 
Terms between the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the Final Terms and any other documents prepared 
in connection with the issue and/or offer of a Series of Notes (provided such correction is not materially prejudicial 
to the holders of the relevant Series of Notes). In addition, pursuant to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark replacement) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition3(r) (Benchmark replacement) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the 
Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the 
Noteholders. Any such correction shall be binding on the holders of the relevant Notes and the relevant Issuer and 
the Guarantor (if applicable) shall cause such correction to be notified to the holders of the Notes as soon as 
practicable thereafter pursuant to Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
In all cases described above, the Noteholders may be bound by any amendments, including those prejudicial to 
their interests, even if they had not provided their consent. 
Conflict of Interest 
Investors should note that Notes issued under the Program may be underwritten by Dealers who receive in 
consideration underwriting commissions and selling concessions. The relevant Issuer may also offer and sell 
Notes directly to investors without the involvement of any Dealer. In addition, Mediobanca may act as market 
maker or specialist or perform other similar roles in connection with the Notes: potential conflicts of interest may 
exist between Mediobanca acting in such capacity on the one hand, and investors in the Notes on the other. 
Calculation Agent 
The relevant Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that 
is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting 
interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and 
procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be 
engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by

--- Page 47 ---
- 45 - 
 
Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes 
and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Impossibility to know the amount of the Notes in circulation on the date of issue 
The Notes may be issued and withheld by the relevant Issuer for the progressive sale on the market in accordance 
with investors’ demand. In this context an investor who acquires the Notes does not know at the moment of 
purchase how much of the issued Notes effectively are publicly traded, with the consequence that the amount in 
circulation could be meagre and may not guarantee successively adequate liquidity in the Notes. 
Issue of subsequent tranche 
In the event the relevant Issuer decides to issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as an already 
existing Series of Notes (or in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the first payment of 
interest) and so that the further Notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with the original Notes, the 
greater nominal amount in circulation could lead to a greater offer of the relevant Notes in the secondary market 
with a consequent negative impact on the price of the relevant Series of the Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks"  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”  -including, without limitation, the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) - are the subject of national, international and other regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on 
any Notes referencing such a “benchmark”. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the “EU Benchmarks 
Regulation”) applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution 
of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime 
or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”), among other things, applies to the provision 
of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, in the UK. Similarly, 
it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark rate or index, deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the relevant “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro

--- Page 48 ---
- 46 - 
 
area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, 
or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a “benchmark”. 
The Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes 
provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes) occurs in respect 
of an Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, 
a mid-swap rate) and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor service) 
becomes unavailable. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to a reference bond rate, a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate 
or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest 
for a particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application 
of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last observed 
on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates 
and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions 
may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Even if the rate determination agent is able to determine an appropriate replacement rate for any Benchmark, if 
the replacement of the Benchmark with the replacement rate would result in a MREL Disqualification Event or 
(in the case of Subordinated Notes only) a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event, the rate of interest will not be 
changed, but will instead be fixed on the basis of the last available quotation of the Benchmark. This could occur 
if, for example, the switch to the replacement rate would create an incentive to redeem the relevant Notes that 
would be inconsistent with the relevant requirements necessary to maintain the regulatory status of the Notes. 
While this mechanism will ensure that the Notes will not become subject to a potential regulatory event-based 
redemption, it will result in the Notes being effectively converted to fixed rate instruments. Investors holding 
such Notes might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders 
of such Notes will not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of the Notes could as a consequence 
be adversely affected. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, 
the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment 
decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any of the 
international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the 
Notes, investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the Notes 
referencing a “benchmark” since the rate of interest will be changed in ways which may be adverse to holders 
of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such holders be obtained. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) and the euro short-term rate (“€STR”), as reference rates for Eurobonds 
continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption

--- Page 49 ---
- 47 - 
 
of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such 
rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme. The Issuers may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, or €STR that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this 
Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued 
under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in 
the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate notes 
issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula 
in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market participants 
and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including 
various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward 
expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different 
measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the 
Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing 
indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a limited 
history 
Risk-free rates may differ from other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects. These include 
(without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average 
basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are 
generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on 
interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to 
interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents 
overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more 
volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The level of 
such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, 
if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the 
future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such 
risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank 
offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of 
Default under Condition 8 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to 
a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are 
scheduled for redemption.

--- Page 50 ---
- 48 - 
 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could change the 
value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related 
index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their successors) 
as administrators of SONIA, SOFR or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could 
change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. In addition, the 
administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any 
related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The 
administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, 
revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds and Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or sustainable assets 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of the 
relevant Issuer. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of the proceeds, this will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms, including in case an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue 
of each Tranche of Notes will be used for the purposes of projects that promote climate-friendly and other 
environmental purposes and/or that promote access to labour market and accomplishment of general interest 
initiatives and/or to finance or refinance a combination of both green and social projects (typically known as 
“sustainability bonds”). Where it does so, the relevant Final Terms may describe the Notes as “green bonds” 
(“Green Bonds”), “social bonds” (“Social Bonds”) or “sustainability bonds” (“Sustainability Bonds”), in each 
case issued in accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) 
(respectively, the “Green Bond Principles” or “GBP”, the “Social Bond Principles” or “SBP”) and the 
“Sustainability Bond Guidelines” or “SBG”) and/or as further specified in the “Mediobanca Green and 
Sustainable 
Bond 
Framework” 
published 
in 
the 
Mediobanca’s 
website 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/green-social-and-sustainability-bond-
framework.html. 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information in those Final Terms regarding such 
use of proceeds and must: 
(i) 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such 
Notes; 
(ii) 
assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own circumstances; and 
(iii) 
make any other investigation they deem necessary. 
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuers or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for the funding of 
any green, social or sustainability project, as the case may be, will satisfy, either in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws, articles of association or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates.  
In addition, it should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a 
particular project to be defined as, a “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or equivalently labelled project is still 
under development. As a result, there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “sustainability”, “social” or an equivalently-labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, “sustainability”, 
“social” or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus 
will develop over time. A basis for the determination of the definitions of, inter alia, “green” has been established 
in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) 
on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy”). On 21 April 2021, the European Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, 
introducing the first set of technical screening criteria to define which activities contribute substantially to two of

--- Page 51 ---
- 49 - 
 
the environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy: climate change adaptation and climate 
change mitigation (the “Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act”). The Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act applies 
since 1 January 2022. In addition, on 9 March 2022 the European Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy 
Complementary Climate Delegated Act covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which is expected to apply 
from 1 January 2023. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022, the European Commission adopted the Regulatory Technical 
Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the “Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation”) which is 
expected to apply from 1 January 2023. Any further delegated act that is adopted by the European Commission 
in implementation of the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation may furthermore evolve over time with changes to the scope of activities and other amendments to 
reflect technological progress, resulting in regular review to the relating screening criteria. 
Furthermore, in connection with any Notes that are stated to be Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds, it should be noted that the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting 
firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant green, low carbon, social and/or sustainable 
projects, as the case may be, have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, 
social and sustainable projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or a second-party opinion regarding 
the suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection with certain environmental, sustainability or social 
projects (any such second-party opinion, a “Second-party Opinion”). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount 
corresponding to the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds. 
A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green Bonds or 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as of the date it is released. In addition, a 
withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds and 
Sustainability Bonds and/or have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or 
social or sustainable assets. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, 
report or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports 
and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainability”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuers, 
the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is 
any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuers, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Social Bonds, Green Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that any 
related green, low carbon, social or sustainable projects, as the case may be, will be capable of being implemented 
in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule, and, accordingly, neither can 
it be guaranteed that the proceeds of the Social Bonds, Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or 
partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such green, low carbon, social or 
sustainable projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Notes for any green, social or sustainable 
projects will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuers; (ii) constitute an Event of Default 
under the relevant Notes; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuers to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for 
the Issuers in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes; (iv) 
affect the qualification of such Notes as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello, Tier II Capital or as 
eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable); (v) have any impact on the status of the Notes as indicated in 
Condition 2 (Status of Notes and Guarantee) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition

--- Page 52 ---
- 50 - 
 
2 (Status of Notes and Guarantee) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes or (vi) prevent the 
applicability of the Bail-in Power. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its 
capital and other assets and payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any 
preferred right against such assets. 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as any other Bonds, will be fully subject to the application 
of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, 
proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities 
should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or 
such other equivalent label. 
Any failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Notes for any green, social or sustainable projects may have 
a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for, amongst others, 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
(B) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes. 
The relevant Issuer has no obligation to purchase the Notes from the Noteholders. However, should the relevant 
Issuer decide to purchase the Notes, the secondary market pricing that the Issuer may provide on the Notes may 
reflect the unwinding cost of the hedging portfolio (if any) and/or the loss of profit (lucro cessante) related to such 
hedging portfolio. 
Specific Buy Back Provisions 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, investors should be 
aware that the relevant Issuer has issued the Notes also for the purpose of entering into, from time to time, certain 
Underlying Transactions. In this respect, the value of the Notes shall reflect and shall be calculated on the basis 
of the Market Value of such Underlying Transactions. The composition of the Underlying Transaction will be 
made available to the investors in accordance with the method of publication indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International 
in their reasonable discretion with maturities and notional that can be larger, respectively, than the Maturity Date 
and Notional Amount of the relevant Notes, and the relevant composition is subject to change during the life of 
the Notes. Any changes in the composition of the Underlying Transaction could adversely affect the Market Value 
of the Underlying Transactions and, therefore, the value of the Notes. 
The Market Value of the Underlying Transactions, as determined by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International, 
acting in its capacity as Calculation Agent, in a fair and commercially reasonable manner and with reference to 
the market, could adversely affect the repurchase price, if any, of the Notes. Therefore in the event that an investor 
requests the relevant Issuer to repurchase the Notes hold by it prior to their maturity, and the relevant Issuer 
accepts such repurchase, the price of the Notes (Buy Back Price) will be a price that reflects the Market Value of 
such Underlying Transactions. In particular, investors should note that the Market Value of the Underlying 
Transactions could adversely and materially affect the Buy Back Price payable to the relevant investor, 
particularly where the Underlying Transactions have maturities and/or notional amounts longer and/or higher, 
respectively, than the Maturity Date and principal amount of the relevant Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
- 51 - 
 
The Specific Buy Back Provisions shall not affect the right of the investors to receive timely payments of principal 
and interest on the Notes. As consideration of the relevant Issuer entering into the Underlying Transactions in 
relation to the Notes, the relevant Issuer will pay an Extra Yield on the Notes. 
The Specific Buy Back Provisions may apply only to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca and/or 
Mediobanca International and where Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International are specified as Dealers. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest, if any, on the Notes in the Relevant Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Relevant Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Relevant Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency or due to the official redenomination of the Relevant Currency, and/or 
Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over Relevant Currency, and/or the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Relevant Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) 
the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes, and (iii) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in 
the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest, principal or other amount than expected, or no interest or principal or other amount. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Each prospective investor 
should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Impact of implicit fees on the Issue/Offer Price 
Investors should note that implicit fees (e.g. placement fees, direction fees, structuring fees) may be a component 
of the Issue/Offer Price of Notes, but such fees will not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the 
price of the relevant Notes in the secondary market. 
The relevant Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the type and amount of any implicit fees which are 
applicable from time to time. 
Investors should also take into consideration that if Notes are sold on the secondary market immediately following 
the offer period relating to such Notes, the implicit fees included in the Issue/Offer Price on initial subscription 
for such Notes will be deducted from the price at which such Notes may be sold in the secondary market. 
Certain risks relating to public offers of Notes 
If Notes are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Issuer and/or other entities specified in the Final Terms may have the right to withdraw or

--- Page 54 ---
- 52 - 
 
revoke the offer, which in such circumstances will be deemed to be null and void according to the terms indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer and/or 
other entities specified in the Final Terms may also terminate the offer early by immediate suspension of the 
acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving notice to the public in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms. Any such termination may occur even where the maximum amount for subscription in relation to 
that offer (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), has not been reached.  
In such circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have an impact on the aggregate number of Notes issued 
and, therefore, may have an adverse effect on the liquidity of the Notes. Furthermore, in such circumstances, 
investors who have already paid or delivered subscription monies for the relevant Notes will be entitled to 
reimbursement of such amounts, but will not receive any remuneration that may have accrued in the period 
between their payment or delivery of subscription monies and the reimbursement of the Notes. In addition, under 
certain circumstances, the relevant Issuer and/or other entities specified in the Final Terms will have the right to 
extend the offer period and/or to postpone the originally designated issue date, and related payment dates. 
The relevant Final Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of the offer of Notes is conditional upon 
admission to trading on the relevant multilateral trading facility indicated in the relevant Final Terms, occurring 
by the Issue Date. In such case, in the event that admission to trading of the Notes does not take place by the Issue 
Date for whatever reason, the Issuer may withdraw the offer, the offer will be deemed to be null and void and the 
relevant Notes will not be issued. As a consequence, the potential investor will not receive any Notes, any 
subscription rights the potential investor has for the Notes will be cancelled and they will not be entitled to any 
compensation therefor. 
The issue price and/or offer price of the Notes may include subscription fees, placement fees, direction fees, 
structuring fees and/or other additional costs. Any such fees and/or costs may not be taken into account for the 
purposes of determining the price of such Notes on the secondary market and could result in a difference between 
the original issue price and/or offer price, the theoretical value of the Notes, and/or the actual bid/offer price 
quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. Any such difference may have an adverse effect on the value 
of the Notes, where any such fees and/or costs may be deducted from the price at which such Notes can be sold 
by the initial investor in the secondary market. 
Possible Illiquidity of the Notes in the Secondary Market 
It is not possible to predict the price at which Notes will trade in the secondary market or whether such market 
will be liquid or illiquid. The relevant Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list or admit to trading Notes on a stock 
exchange or market. If the Notes are not listed or admitted to trading on any exchange or market, pricing 
information for the Notes may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected. 
If the relevant Issuer does list or admit to trading an issue of Notes, there can be no assurance that at a later date, 
the Notes will not be delisted or that trading on such exchange or market will not be suspended. In the event of a 
delisting or suspension of listing or trading on a stock exchange or market, the relevant Issuer will use its 
reasonable efforts to list or admit to trading the Notes on another exchange or market. 
The relevant Issuer, or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Notes at any price in 
the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any Notes so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered 
for cancellation. The relevant Issuer or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, be a market-maker for an 
issue of Notes. Even if the Issuer or such other entity is a market-maker for an issue of Notes, the secondary 
market for such Notes may be limited. 
Investors should note that if an entity is appointed as market-maker or liquidity provider with respect to the Notes 
in the secondary market, this may, in certain circumstances, affect the price of the Notes in the secondary market. 
In addition, all or part of the Notes issued under this Programme may be subscribed upon issuance by the relevant 
Issuer itself or by its Affiliate(s) for resales thereafter on the basis of investors’ demand. Accordingly, investors 
subscribing for Notes upon their issuance should be aware that there may not be a viable secondary market for the 
relevant Notes immediately. Even if a market does develop subsequently, it may not be very liquid. 
Listing of Notes 
In respect of Notes which are (in accordance with the applicable Final Terms) to be listed on a stock exchange, 
market or quotation system, the relevant Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to maintain such listing,

--- Page 55 ---
- 53 - 
 
provided that if it becomes impracticable or unduly burdensome or unduly onerous to maintain such listing, then 
the relevant Issuer may apply to de-list the relevant Notes, although in this case it will use all reasonable 
endeavours to obtain and maintain (as soon as reasonably practicable after the relevant de- listing) an alternative 
admission to listing, trading and/or quotation by a stock exchange, market or quotation system within or outside 
the European Union, as it may decide. 
If such an alternative admission is not available or is, in the opinion of the relevant Issuer, impracticable or unduly 
burdensome, an alternative admission will not be obtained and the liquidity of the secondary market of the Notes 
could be affected. 
Risk related to inflation 
The repayment of the nominal amount of the Notes at maturity does not protect investors from the risk of inflation, 
i.e. it does not guarantee that the purchasing power of the invested capital will not be affected by the increase in 
the general price level of consumer products. Consequently, the real return of the Notes, which is the adjusted 
return taking into account the inflation rate measured during the life of the Notes themselves, could be negative. 
Combination or “layering” of multiple risk factors may significantly increase risk of loss 
Although the various risks discussed in this Base Prospectus are generally described separately, prospective 
investors in the Notes should consider the potential effects of the interplay of multiple risk factors. Where more 
than one significant risk factor is present, the risk of loss to an investor may be significantly increased. There are 
many other circumstances in which layering of multiple risks with respect to the Issuers and /or the Guarantor 
and/or the Notes may magnify the effect of those risks.

--- Page 56 ---
- 54 - 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have been approved by or filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and the Euronext 
Dublin, shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
• 
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years 
ended 30 June 2022 and 2021 of Mediobanca; 
• 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 June 2022 and 
2021 of Mediobanca International; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 25 - 46) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 11 January 
2007 relating to the Euro 16,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 34 - 56) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 4 December 
2007 relating to the Euro 25,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 37 – 58) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 12 December 
2008 relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 39 – 61) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 16 December 
2009 relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 99 – 133) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 13 January 
2011 relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Issuance Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 105 – 139) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 30 
November 2011 relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Issuance Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 76 – 105) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (pages 106 – 138) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 23 January 2013 relating to 
the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 76 – 105) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (pages 106 – 137) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 27 January 2014 relating to 
the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 81 – 111) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (pages 112 – 143) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 19 December 2014 relating 
to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 85 - 117) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (pages 118 - 150) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 11 December 2015 relating 
to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 69 - 96) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (pages 97 - 123) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 22 December 2016 relating to 
the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International;

--- Page 57 ---
- 55 - 
 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 83 – 112) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (pages 113 – 141) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 24 January 2018 relating to 
the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 84 - 122) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (pages 123 - 155) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 21 December 2018 relating 
to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes (pages 48 - 92) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes (pages 93 - 137) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 16 December 2019 relating to 
the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International;  
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes (pages 50 - 95) and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes (pages 96 - 141) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 relating to 
the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International; and 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes (pages 56 – 108) and the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes (pages 109 – 159) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 22 December 2021 relating 
to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International, 
in the case of the above-mentioned financial statements, together with the accompanying notes and (where 
applicable) auditors’ reports, save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any of the documents 
incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document 
subsequently incorporated by reference by way of supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such statement. Where only certain sections of a document referred 
to above are incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus, the parts of the document which are not 
incorporated by reference are either not relevant for prospective investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuers will provide, without charge to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been delivered, 
upon the request of such person, a copy (by electronic means, unless such person requests hard copy) of any or 
all the documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein unless such documents have been modified or 
superseded as specified above, in which case the modified or superseded version of such document will be 
provided. Request for such documents should be directed to the Issuers at their offices set out at the end of this 
Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available, without charge, at the principal office of the 
Paying Agent in 
Luxembourg 
and on the Mediobanca’s website at 
the following 
link 
(https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/results-presentations/risultati.html with respect to the 
financial 
information, 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-issued/documents/framework-
documentation.html with respect to the remaining documents listed above) and on the Mediobanca International’s 
website (https://www.mediobancaint.lu/en/investor-documentation.html). 
The following table shows where some of the information incorporated by reference this Base Prospectus can be 
found in the above-mentioned documents. Information contained in those documents other than the information 
listed below does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Cross-reference list in respect of the Mediobanca and Mediobanca International audited financial 
statements 
Mediobanca - Consolidated annual financial 
statements 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Balance sheet .......................................................... 
Pages 98-99 
Pages 94-95 
Statement of income ............................................... 
Pages 100-101 
Pages 96-97

--- Page 58 ---
- 56 - 
 
Mediobanca - Consolidated annual financial 
statements 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Statement of changes in equity .............................. 
Pages 102-103 
Pages 98-99 
Cash flow statement ............................................... 
Pages 104-105 
Pages 100-101 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes .......... 
Pages 107-387 
Pages 103-371 
Independent auditors’ reports ................................ 
Pages 84-96 
Pages 80-91 
 
Mediobanca International - Non-Consolidated 
annual financial statements 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Statement of financial position .............................  
Pages 38-39 
Pages 36-37 
Statement of comprehensive income....................  
Page 40 
Page 38 
Statement of changes in equity .............................  
Pages 41-42 
Pages 39-40 
Cash flow statement ..............................................  
Page 43 
Page 41 
Notes to the financial statements ..........................  
Page 44-161 
Pages 43-150 
Independent auditors’ reports ...............................  
Pages 32-36  
Pages 29-34

--- Page 59 ---
- 57 - 
 
FINAL TERMS, SUPPLEMENTS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Notes 
and the Guarantee. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer 
and the Guarantor have included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information 
relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at 
the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in 
this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus 
unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer will prepare a replacement prospectus setting out the changes in the operations and financial conditions 
of the Issuer at least every year. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there 
is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes, it shall prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and 
shall supply to each Dealer a number of copies of such supplement as a Dealer may reasonably request. 
In addition, the Issuers and the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer to issue Notes in a form not contemplated 
in the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled “Form of Final Terms”. To the extent that the information relating 
to that Tranche of Notes constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a “Drawdown Prospectus”) will be made available 
and will contain such information. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document 
containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Issuer and (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes 
issued by Mediobanca International only) the Guarantor and the relevant Notes or (2) pursuant to Article 6.3 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, by a registration document containing the necessary information relating to the relevant 
Issuer and (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International only) the Guarantor, a 
securities note containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary 
note. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, references in this Base 
Prospectus to information specified or identified in the Final Terms shall (unless the context requires otherwise) 
be read and construed as information specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 60 ---
- 58 - 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
(A) 
Temporary or Permanent Global Note 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either 
a temporary global note (a “Temporary Global Note”), without Coupons, or a permanent global note (a 
“Permanent Global Note”), without Coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each 
Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each, a “Global Note”) which is not 
intended to be issued in a new global note form (a “Classic Global Note” or “CGN”), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg” or “CBL”) and/or any other relevant clearing system and/or deposited directly 
with Monte Titoli S.p.A. and/or any other centralised custodian appointed by the Issuers (together, the 
“Centralised Custodian”) and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a “New 
Global Note” or “NGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the Issue Date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central 
banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled (including 
denomination in euro and listing on an EU regulated market or on an ECB-approved non-regulated market). At 
the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and the debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used (and if the above-mentioned other criteria are fulfilled). 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163- 5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
“TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are 
applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note without Coupons 
or Receipts (as defined herein), interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note, without Coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of 
the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary 
Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In 
addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the 
bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any 
subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its 
terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order 
of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, provided, however, that in no circumstances shall 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global 
Note.

--- Page 61 ---
- 59 - 
 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
(“Definitive Notes”): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 8 (Events 
of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 8 (Events of Default) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes occurs. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As an 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances 
described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of a minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000, plus integral multiples of EUR 1,000, provided that such denominations are not 
less than EUR 100,000 nor more than EUR 199,000, that Senior Non Preferred Notes issued under the Programme 
will have a denomination of at least EUR 150,000 (or, where the Senior Non Preferred Notes are denominated in 
a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other minimum denomination 
provided by applicable law from time to time and that the Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme will 
have a denomination of at least EUR 200,000 (or, where the Subordinated Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other minimum denomination provided by 
applicable law from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, 
upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal 
amount represented by the Permanent Global Note. However, a Noteholder who holds an aggregate principal 
amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons, 
Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, 
without Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons or Receipts, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole 
or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be 
collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be issued in 
denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such 
amounts, whether in global or definitive form. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons,

--- Page 62 ---
- 60 - 
 
Talons and Receipts (as defined herein) attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 
days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note, without Coupons or 
Receipts, interests in which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 8 (Events 
of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 8 (Events of Default) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes occurs. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples 
of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As 
an exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited 
circumstances described in paragraph (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the 
aggregate of a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000, plus integral multiples of EUR 1,000, provided that 
such denominations are not less than EUR 100,000 nor more than EUR 199,000 and that Senior Non Preferred 
Notes issued under the Programme will have denominations of at least EUR 150,000 (or, where the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or 
such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time and that the Subordinated Notes 
issued under the Programme will have a denomination of at least EUR 200,000 (or, where the Subordinated Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other 
minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder 
of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount 
equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Notes. However, a 
Noteholder who holds an aggregate principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive a 
Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral 
multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons, 
Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. Where the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the Issuer 
will give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 12 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” below or “Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes”, as applicable. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Provisions relating to the Notes 
While in Global Form” below.

--- Page 63 ---
- 61 - 
 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the Notes 
in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon, Talon or 
Receipt will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Note, 
Coupon, Talon or Receipt and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on 
such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income. 
(B) 
Book-entry form 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of the Notes as being “Book-entry form”, then the Notes will not be 
represented by paper certificates and the transfer and exchange of Notes will take place exclusively through an 
electronic book-entry system managed by Monte Titoli S.p.A. or any other Centralised Custodian appointed by 
the Issuers. Accordingly, all Notes shall be deposited by their owners with an intermediary participant in the 
relevant Centralised Custodian. The intermediary will in turn deposit the Notes with the Centralised Custodian. 
To transfer an interest in the Notes, the transferor and the transferee are required to give instructions to their 
respective intermediaries. If the transferee is a client of the transferor’s intermediary, the intermediary will simply 
transfer the Notes from the Transferor’s account to the account of the transferee. If, however, the transferee is a 
client of another intermediary, the transferor’s intermediary will instruct the centralised clearing system to transfer 
the Notes to the account of the transferee’s intermediary, which will then register the Notes on the transferee’s 
account. 
Each intermediary maintains a custody account for each of its clients. This account sets out the financial 
instruments of each client and the records of all transfers, interest payments, charges or other encumbrances on 
such instruments. The account holder or any other eligible party may submit a request to the intermediary for the 
issue of a certified account statement. 
In such circumstances, it will not be possible for a Noteholder to obtain physical delivery of Notes certificates 
representing the Notes.

--- Page 64 ---
- 62 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes applicable to each Series of Notes to be governed 
under English Law (respectively, the “English Law Notes” or the “Notes” and the “Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes” or the “Conditions”) which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed 
into each Note in final form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Notes in 
global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Notes whilst in final form to the 
extent described under “Provisions relating to the Notes While in Global Form” below. 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (“Mediobanca”), Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) 
S.A. (“Mediobanca International”) (each, an “Issuer” and, together, the “Issuers”) have established an Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to Euro 40,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of senior preferred notes which may be issued by each of the Issuers (the “Senior Preferred 
Notes”), senior non preferred notes which may be issued by Mediobanca only (the “Senior Non Preferred Notes” 
and, together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the “Senior Notes”) and subordinated notes which may be issued 
by Mediobanca only (the “Subordinated Notes”), guaranteed by Mediobanca (in its capacity as guarantor, the 
“Guarantor”) in respect of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International only. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes dated 30 
December 2022, as amended or supplemented from time to time, (the “Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for 
the English Law Notes”) between the Issuers, the Guarantor, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, as fiscal agent 
and principal paying agent (the “Fiscal Agent”) and Mediobanca in its capacity as Italian paying agent (the 
“Italian Paying Agent” and together with the Fiscal Agent and any additional or other paying agents in respect 
of the Notes from time to time appointed, the “Paying Agents”) and with the benefit of deeds of covenant dated 
30 December 2022 (each, a “Deed of Covenant” and, together, the “Deeds of Covenant”), each of them executed 
by the relevant Issuer in respect of Notes issued by such Issuer. The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the holders 
of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International from time to time, executed and delivered a deed 
of guarantee (the “Deed of Guarantee”) dated 30 December 2022 under which it has guaranteed, in accordance 
with the terms and subject to limitations of the Deed of Guarantee, the due and punctual payment of the amounts 
due by Mediobanca International under the Notes and the Deed of Covenant as and when the same shall become 
due and payable (the “Guarantee of the Notes”). The holders of the Notes (as defined below), the holders of the 
interest coupons (the “Coupons”) appertaining to interest bearing Notes and, where applicable in the case of such 
Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) and the holders of the instalment receipts (the “Receipts”) 
appertaining to the payment of principal by instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes applicable to them. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each, a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or 
more tranches (each, a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche of Notes is the subject of final terms (the “Final 
Terms”) which completes these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
these Conditions and the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. All subsequent references in these Conditions 
to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject of the Final Terms. These Conditions apply to Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes, only to the extent that such Senior Non Preferred Notes are issued by 
Mediobanca, and are defined as “strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello” pursuant to and for the 
purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. These Conditions 
apply also to Subordinated Notes which are issued by Mediobanca and are defined as “Tier II Instruments” in Part 
II, Chapter 1 of the Prudential Regulations for Banks and in Article 63 of the CRR. Copies of the Final Terms are 
available during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of 
which is set out below (the “Specified Office”). Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Issue 
and Paying Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes and are subject to their detailed provisions. 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will specify whether the Issuer is Mediobanca or 
Mediobanca International. In these Conditions, any reference to a statute or regulation shall be construed as a 
reference to such statute or regulation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-
enacted. 
Copies of the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection at the specified office of the Paying Agent.

--- Page 65 ---
- 63 - 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are issued in bearer form in the currency (the “Specified Currency”) and the denominations 
(the “Specified Denomination(s)”) shown in the Final Terms, provided that: (i) Senior Non Preferred 
Notes will have denomination of at least EUR 150,000 (or, where the Senior Non Preferred Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other 
minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time, (ii) Subordinated Notes will have 
a denomination of at least EUR 200,000 (or, where the Subordinated Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other minimum denomination 
provided by applicable law from time to time, and (iii) Reset Notes will have a denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000 (or, where the Reset Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other currency). 
Notes are issued with Coupons (and where appropriate, a Talon) attached save in the case of Notes which 
do not bear interest in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the 
date specified in the Final Terms as the Maturity Date (as designed below), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. Any Note the principal amount of which is redeemable in instalments is 
issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Title to the Note and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, 
as the case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other 
purposes, whether or not such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone. No person shall have 
any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 
1999. 
In these Conditions, “holder” (in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon. All capitalised terms which are not defined in these Conditions will 
have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating 
that such term is not applicable to the Notes. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes. 
2. 
STATUS OF NOTES AND GUARANTEE 
(a) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below. 
“Bank of Italy” means the Bank of Italy and/or any other competent authority which at a future 
date carries out the functions which the Bank of Italy performs as at the Issue Date. 
“CET1 Instruments” means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
“Italian Banking Act” means Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of 
the transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law). 
“Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa” means Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as 
described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Italian Banking Act. 
“Loss Absorption Requirement” means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that 
Own Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may 
be) are subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 Instruments 
or other instruments of ownership in accordance with Article 59 of the BRRD and the related 
national implementing provisions applicable to the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case 
may be).

--- Page 66 ---
- 64 - 
 
“Own Funds” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the CRR as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(b) 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank at all times at least pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for certain mandatory exceptions of applicable 
law, it being understood moreover that the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Senior 
Preferred Notes will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power or the Luxembourg Bail-In Power, 
as the case may be. 
Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have 
waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(c) 
Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes (being notes intended to qualify as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the Italian 
Banking Act) will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non preferred obligations of 
Mediobanca and will rank at all times pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment obligations of Mediobanca 
under each Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be, 
will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors and any 
holder of Senior Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of Mediobanca, including 
claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, 
but (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and non preferred 
obligations of Mediobanca which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior 
or senior to such Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes and (C) in priority to any present or 
future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes (including any holder 
of Subordinated Notes) and the claims of shareholders of Mediobanca, in all such cases in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking 
Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority, it being understood moreover that the obligations of Mediobanca under the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power. 
Each holder of a Senior Non Preferred Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have 
waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Non Preferred Note. 
(d) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes and any related Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of Mediobanca and, subject to the provisions of this Condition 2, will at all times 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. In relation to each Series of 
Subordinated Notes, all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be treated equally and all 
amounts paid by Mediobanca in respect of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata 
on all Notes of such Series. 
In the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment obligations of Mediobanca 
under each Series of Subordinated Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be, will rank 
in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors and any holder of 
Senior Notes and their respective Coupons) of Mediobanca as well as subordinated creditors 
which rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated Notes but (B) at least pari passu 
with all other subordinated obligations of Mediobanca which do not rank or are not expressed

--- Page 67 ---
- 65 - 
 
by their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of Subordinated Notes and (C) in priority 
to the claims of subordinated creditors ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated 
Notes (including, but not limited to, “Additional Tier 1 Instruments” (as defined in the 
Prudential Regulations for Banks and in the CRR)) and of the shareholders of Mediobanca, it 
being understood moreover that the obligations of Mediobanca under the Subordinated Notes 
will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power. 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD 
and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where 
the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to 
the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from 
time to time. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have waived 
any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
(e) 
Status of Guarantee 
The Guarantee of the Senior Preferred Notes constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and conditions and subject to 
the limitations set out in the Deed of Guarantee which will rank at all times at least pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and equally with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save for certain mandatory 
exceptions of applicable law. 
(f) 
No negative pledge 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
3. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below. 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Broken Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“BUBOR” means the Budapest interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London,

--- Page 68 ---
- 66 - 
 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(iii) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant 
Final Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is 
not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and 
is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by 
law or regulation to be closed. 
“Calculation Agent” means Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., the Fiscal 
Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Interest Rate(s) and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Calculation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“CIBOR” means the Copenhagen interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“CMS” means the constant maturity swap rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “1/1” is specified, 1; 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; 
(d) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(e) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360;

--- Page 69 ---
- 67 - 
 
(f) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(
)
(
)
(
)
360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
(
)
(
)
(
)
360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 70 ---
- 68 - 
 
(h) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30. 
“EU Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and 
amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014. 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate and the First Margin. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Instalment Date(s)” means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Date” means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(
)
(
)
(
)
360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 71 ---
- 69 - 
 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(a) 
with respect to the Senior Notes, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of any Interest Period and determined according to Condition 3(l) 
(Calculations in respect of the Senior Notes); 
(b) 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount specified in the Final Terms as being payable on the 
Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date or the dates specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the same may be 
adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Accrual Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Accrual Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Date. 
“Interest Rate” means the rate of interest (expressed as a percentage per annum) payable from 
time to time in respect of this Note and which is either specified, or calculated in accordance 
with the provisions, in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Rate Switch Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the Final Terms) 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., a copy of which is 
available on the website of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(www.isda.org) and can be obtained from the Issuer.  
“Issue Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Issue Price” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Linear Interpolation” means the straight-line interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the Reference Rate or the ISDA Rate, as the case may be, one of which will be determined as if 
the Specified Duration were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the affected Interest Period and the other of which will be determined as if the 
Specified Duration or the Designated Maturity, as the case may be, were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of such Interest Period. 
“Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the

--- Page 72 ---
- 70 - 
 
day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the 
Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent). 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is 
euro or any other rate specified in the Final Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), either: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Multiplier” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“NIBOR” means the Norwegian interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Amount” means 
 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
(
)(y)
AY
1
RP
+
×

--- Page 73 ---
- 71 - 
 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation (if presentation is 
required) are open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and 
for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
“PRIBOR” means the Prague interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation 
to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable. 
“Reference Banks” means, the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none, four (or, if the Relevant Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the 
Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
“Reference Price” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, CMS, PRIBOR, ROBOR, 
BUBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR or the yield on securities issued by the Italian Government, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the

--- Page 74 ---
- 72 - 
 
relevant Final Terms and including where applicable the relevant yield and issue of securities 
issued by the Italian Government. 
“Reference Rate Multiplier” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end 
of the irregular Interest Period. 
“Relevant Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Reference 
Rate is most closely connected or, if none is so connected, London. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms for the purpose of providing a Reference Rate, or such 
other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service 
or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or 
organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates 
in respect of deposits in the relevant currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial 
Centre provided that if the Relevant Currency is Euro and the Benchmark is EURIBOR, the 
Relevant Time shall be 11.00 am Brussels time. 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable). 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period. 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
“ROBOR” means the Romanian interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 75 ---
- 73 - 
 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning, if any, given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor or replacement 
for that system (the TARGET2 System) is open. 
“Yield” means: 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date 
on the basis of the Issue Price, using the formula below. It is not an indication of future yield. 
 
Where: 
“P” is the Issue Price of the Notes; “C” is the annualised Interest Amount; “A” is the principal 
amount of Notes due on redemption; “n” is time to maturity in years; and “r” is the annualised 
yield. 
(b) 
Interest Rate and Accrual 
(A) 
With respect to the Senior Notes, each Senior Note (other than Zero Coupon Notes) 
bears, for each Interest Period, interest on its outstanding principal amount at the 
Interest Rate, such interest being payable as the Interest Amount, in arrear and on each 
Interest Payment Date. Where an Interest Period is a short or long Interest Period, then: 
(i) 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Interest Amount payable for that short or long Interest 
Period shall be, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Broken Amount specified therein; 
(ii) 
if (in case of the Senior Preferred Notes only) the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Interest Amount 
payable for that short or long Interest Period shall be the relevant amount 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(
)
(
)
(
) n
r
1
A
n
r
1
1
r
C
P
−
+
+
−
+
−
=

--- Page 76 ---
- 74 - 
 
(iii) 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Interest Rate applicable for that short or long Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent using Linear 
Interpolation; 
(B) 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes, each Subordinated Note bears interest on its 
outstanding principal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest 
Rate, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note on the last day of the last Interest Period and, in any 
case, on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest will continue to accrue (as well after as 
before judgment) at the Interest Rate in the manner provided in this Condition 3 to the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)). 
(c) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified in these Conditions or in the 
relevant Final Terms to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (i) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day, (ii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day, save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for 
which the final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will 
not accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date, or (iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(d) 
Interest Rate on Fixed Rate Notes 
With respect to the Senior Notes, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Interest Rate for each Interest Period shall be the fixed rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield of the Fixed Rate Note is indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms and is calculated as the internal rate of return (IRR). The yield of the Fixed 
Rate Notes is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and, if indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Fixed Coupon and/or the Broken Amount. 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Denomination. The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which 
a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Interest Rate to the 
Calculation Amount of such Note, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction 
(not adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention) and rounding the resulting 
figure in accordance with Condition 3(k) (Rounding). Where the Specified Denomination of a 
Fixed Rate Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. The yield of the Fixed Rate Note is indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms and is calculated as the internal rate of return (IRR). The yield of the Fixed Rate Notes 
is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and, as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Fixed Coupon and/or the Broken Amount. 
(e) 
Interest Rate on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates

--- Page 77 ---
- 75 - 
 
If, in case of any Notes other than the Senior Non Preferred Notes, the Reset Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then such 
Reset Note bears interest: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate 
of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date 
if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) in the case of the 
Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, and (ii) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the 
provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 3(d) (Interest Rate on Fixed 
Rate Notes). 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
Subject to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark replacement), if on any Reset Determination Date the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the Issuer or a third party (i.e. a financial adviser or an investment bank appointed 
by the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in 
question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding 
Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(e)(ii) “Reference Banks” means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four (or, if the Relevant Financial Centre 
is Helsinki, five) major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely 
connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute. 
For the avoidance of doubts it being understood that the provisions set forth in this Condition 
3(e) shall apply in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
(f) 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 78 ---
- 76 - 
 
If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: if Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined (other than 
in respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms), subject to Condition 3(r) 
(Benchmark replacement), as follow: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
if, in the case of paragraph (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page 
or, in the case of paragraph (B) above, fewer than two such rates appear on 
that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable: 
(1) 
the Issuer or a third party (i.e. a financial adviser or an investment 
bank appointed by the Issuer) will request the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a 
quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(2) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations; and 
(3) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates 
(being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Relevant Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be 
(a) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being 
applicable, the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may 
be) the arithmetic mean determined in accordance with the above 
provisions (the “Determined Rate”); 
(b) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable (i) the sum of the Margin and the relevant Determined 
Rate multiplied by (ii) the Multiplier; 
(c) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the sum of (i) Margin, and (ii) the

--- Page 79 ---
- 77 - 
 
relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate 
Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a 
rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Interest Rate applicable to the 
Notes during such Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with the 
foregoing, save that the Determined Rate shall be the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: If, in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes, ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be: 
(a) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, 
the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate; 
(b) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable (i) 
the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by (ii) the 
Multiplier; 
(c) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the sum of (i) Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate 
multiplied by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
This Condition 3(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, if Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SONIA”. 
Where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(g): 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”, with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 80 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due 
and payable). 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day “i” 
up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending 
on, but excluding, the date which is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as applicable) 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on

--- Page 81 ---
- 79 - 
 
the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is 
published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day “i"; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms; the relevant London Banking Day “i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking 
Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day 
will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking 
Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 3(r) 
(Benchmark Replacement), be: 
(A) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business 
on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which 
the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Subject to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(g), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
This Condition 3(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, if Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SOFR”.

--- Page 82 ---
- 80 - 
 
Where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on each Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(h): 
“Benchmark” means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily SOFR, as 
determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions 
set out in this Condition 3(h). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining 
Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth 
herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately 
precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be 
multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in 
the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions 
under Condition 3(h) below will apply. 
“Business Day” means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is 
not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a 
date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; 
“Compounded SOFR” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in:

--- Page 83 ---
- 81 - 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and including, 
the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day in such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
“p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable); 
“p” for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift 
Period” (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SOFR” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 3(h) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or any successor source; 
“SOFRi” means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i"; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i"; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that

--- Page 84 ---
- 82 - 
 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in U.S. government securities. 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for 
all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this section, 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other 
party. 
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided 
that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded 
SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its 
designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted

--- Page 85 ---
- 83 - 
 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides may 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA

--- Page 86 ---
- 84 - 
 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark 
is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect 
to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 3(h) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 3(h); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 3(h), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the 
first Interest Period). 
(i) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR 
This Condition 3(i) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the “Reference Rate” is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being “€STR”. 
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on each Interest Determination Date.

--- Page 87 ---
- 85 - 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(i): 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“D” means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360); 
“do” means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the “€STR reference rate”, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Settlement Day as provided 
by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, 
as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately 
following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined 
in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central 
Bank or the successor administrator of such rate); 
“€STRi” means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
TARGET Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day “i"; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”. 
“i”  
is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 
Settlement Day in:

--- Page 88 ---
- 86 - 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET 
Settlement Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and including) 
the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case 
of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
“p” for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms. 
Subject to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark Replacement), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be 
calculated pursuant to Condition 3(i) above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in 
respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR 
reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such 
TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central 
Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(i), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(j) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be, provided however 
that provisions relating to the Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate shall not apply to the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes and shall not be specified at any time in the relevant Final Terms. 
(k) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (ii) 
all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (iii) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down 
to the nearest Yen. For these purposes “unit” means, with respect to any currency other than

--- Page 89 ---
- 87 - 
 
Euro, the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, with respect to Euro, means one cent. 
(l) 
Calculations in respect of the Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(l) applies to the Senior Notes only. 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Period shall calculated using one of the 
following methods: 
(i) 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable but subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Interest Amount payable for any 
Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the 
Interest Rate to the Calculation Amount and by multiplying the product so obtained by 
the Day Count Fraction (adjusted or unadjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) above, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Fixed Coupon Amount 
and/or Broken Amount is specified in the Final Terms to be payable on an Interest 
Payment Date, the Interest Amount payable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
Fixed Coupon Amount and/or Broken Amount so specified; or 
(iii) 
if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable with respect to Senior Preferred Notes only, the Interest Amount payable 
for any Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (i) 
(Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates) (adjusted or unadjusted in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(iv) 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Interest Amount payable for any Interest Period shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the Interest Rate to the Calculation 
Amount and by multiplying the product so obtained by the Day Count Fraction 
(adjusted or unadjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms). 
Each Interest Amount (other than the Fixed Coupon Amount and the Broken Amount) shall be 
rounded in accordance with Condition 3(k) (Rounding). 
(m) 
Calculations in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3(m) applies to the Subordinated Notes only. 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Subordinated Note for any period shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the outstanding Calculation 
Amount by the Day Count Fraction, save that where an Interest Amount (or a formula for its 
calculation) is specified in respect of such period, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Subordinated Note for such period will equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in 
accordance with a formula). Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Subordinated Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided 
above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. In respect of any short or long Interest Period as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Interest Rate using Linear Interpolation. 
(n) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption Amounts 
and Instalment Amounts

--- Page 90 ---
- 88 - 
 
After the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date or such other time on such date 
as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation, it will, promptly, determine 
the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amount on the principal amount of the Notes for the 
relevant Interest Period, calculate the Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such 
quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Interest Rate 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, 
if required to be calculated, the Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the holders of the Notes, any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Notes which is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange 
so requires, such exchange promptly after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
an Interest Rate and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after 
such determination. The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 8 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the 
Interest Rate payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition 3(n) but no publication of the Interest Rate or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest 
Amount, Redemption Amount and Instalment Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(o) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer will use its best endeavours to ensure that there shall at all times be four Reference 
Banks (or such other number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre 
and one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the Conditions applicable 
to the Notes and for so long as any Notes are outstanding. If any Reference Bank (acting through 
its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer 
will appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as 
such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation 
Agent performing its duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Interest Rate for 
any Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amounts or any other requirements, the Issuer 
will appoint the London office of a leading bank engaged in the London interbank market to act 
as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid. 
(p) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable 
and the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) 
the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
The calculation of the above amount shall be made (where such calculation is to be made for a 
period which is not a whole number of years) on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may

--- Page 91 ---
- 89 - 
 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 3(p) or, if none is so 
specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(q) 
Interest Rate Switch 
If so specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, from and including the Interest 
Rate Switch Date, the Interest Rate applicable for the calculation of the Interest Amounts due 
for each remaining Interest Period with respect to the Notes shall be the rate specified as 
applying from and including such Interest Rate Switch Date in the Final Terms and the initial 
Interest Rate applicable to the Notes shall no longer apply. 
(r) 
Benchmark replacement 
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference 
Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SOFR”, notwithstanding the provisions 
in Conditions 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), 3(f) (Interest Rate on Floating 
Rate Notes), 3(g) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA) and 3(i) (Interest – 
Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR), if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent 
(or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)) determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by such Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
an Independent Adviser (as defined below) to determine (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) a Successor Rate (as defined below) or, alternatively, 
if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate no later than 3 Business 
Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) 
relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) (the “IA 
Determination Cut-off Date”) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(r)); 
(2) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate, in accordance with the provisions set 
out under sub-paragraph (3) below; 
(3) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate is determined in 
accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, 
Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) in relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(r)); provided, 
however, that if sub-paragraph (2) applies and the Issuer is unable to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to the Reset Determination Date 
or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset 
Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the Rate of Interest applicable to such next 
succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Reset Period or Interest 
Period as applicable (which may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the 
provisions in this sub-paragraph (3) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as

--- Page 92 ---
- 90 - 
 
applicable) are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 3(r); 
(4) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) may also, following consultation with the 
Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), specify 
changes to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, 
Business Days, Reset Determination Date, Interest Determination Date and/or the 
definition of Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method 
for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market 
practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate, which 
changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) also in compliance with the Issuer’s written plans provided for under article 
28(2) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 3(r)). If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer 
(as applicable), determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and determines the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
relevant Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such 
consequential amendments to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the English 
Law Notes and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this 
Condition 3(r). No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or such other changes, 
including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the relevant Paying Agent 
(if required)); 
(5) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to 
subparagraph (4) above to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders; and 
(6) 
if the provisions relating to the occurrence of, with respect to the Senior Notes, a MREL 
Disqualification Event, or, with respect to the Subordinated Notes only, a Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event, in case of a Alternative Benchmark Rate is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the provisions above would cause the occurrence 
of, respectively, a MREL Disqualification Event or a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event, 
therefore no Alternative Benchmark Rate will be adopted, and the Reference Rate 
applicable for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate 
available at the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(r): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice to Noteholders as a result 
of the replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or

--- Page 93 ---
- 91 - 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Rate (as applicable), where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate 
(as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer), determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Benchmark Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest in respect of Eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency 
and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), or, 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, 
such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its 
discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable 
to the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or being subject to a material change; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
the Original Reference Rate), provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date 
which is the later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) the 
date on which the administrator ceases publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely; or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued, provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which 
the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Original Reference Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate has ceased or will, within a specified period of time, cease to 
provide the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of cessation, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Original Reference Rate and further provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on 
the date which is the later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and 
(b) the date on which the administrator ceases to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely;

--- Page 94 ---
- 92 - 
 
(vi) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes, provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on 
the date which is the later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and 
(b) the date on which the Original Reference Rate is prohibited from being used or its 
use is subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally, or in respect of 
the Notes; or 
(vii) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, as amended from time to time, if applicable) for any Paying Agent, 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate which has been determined in 
relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of 
this Condition 3(r) (Benchmark Replacement). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap floating leg 
benchmark rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg 
benchmark rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid swap floating 
leg benchmark rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid 
swap floating leg benchmark rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or 
mid-swap floating leg benchmark rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
and 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context requires otherwise: 
The expressions “Early Redemption Amount"; “Final Redemption Amount”, “Instalment 
Amount”, “Optional Redemption Amount (Call)”, and “Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put)” mean, in respect of any Note: (A) such amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms; or (B) if no such amount is specified, the principal 
amount of such Note.

--- Page 95 ---
- 93 - 
 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy, 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the BRRD, the BRRD 
Implementing Regulations, the CRD IV, the Prudential Regulations for Banks of the Bank of 
Italy, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and those regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant Authority or 
of the institutions of the European Union and/or the Republic of Italy (as defined below) whether 
or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they 
are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group and standards and guidelines 
issued by the European Banking Authority; 
“Banking Reform Package” means (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, (iii) Directive 
(EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures, and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
“BRRD” means the directive 2014/59/EU, as amended, providing for the establishment of an 
EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package). 
“BRRD Implementing Regulations” means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of 16 
November 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from 
time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking 
Reform Package into Italian law). 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended and supplemented. 
“CRD IV” means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measure; 
“CRD IV Directive” means the directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC as amended, supplemented or replaced from 
time to time, including any successor regulations (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
“CRD IV Implementing Measure” means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD 
IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited 
to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank 
of Italy, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable 
to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries (on 
a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a standalone or consolidated 
basis); 
“CRR” means the Regulation No. 575/2013, as amended, of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms amending Regulation No. 648/2012, supplemented or replaced from time to time,

--- Page 96 ---
- 94 - 
 
including any successor regulations (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry 
into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to that term in the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes. 
“Italian Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD (in including, but not limited to, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 
and 181/2015) as amended from time to time, (ii) Regulation (EU) No.806/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform 
procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework 
of the Single Supervisory Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or superseded from time to time (the “SRM Regulation”) 
and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any 
obligation of a regulated entity (as defined below) (or other affiliate of such regulated entity) 
can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other 
obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
“Luxembourg Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Luxembourg, (i) relating to the transposition of 
the BRRD (including, but not limited to, the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 relative 
aux mesures de résolution, d'assainissement et de liquidation des établissements de crédit et de 
certaines enterprises d'investissement ainsi qu'aux systèmes de garantie des dépôts et 
d'indemnisation des investisseurs, as amended from time to time (the “Luxembourg BRRD 
Law”), (ii) relating to the SRM Regulation or (iii) otherwise arising under Luxembourg law and 
(iv) in each case, the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any 
obligation of a regulated entity or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, 
cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such 
regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period) and any right in a 
contract governing an obligation of a regulated entity may be deemed to have been exercised. 
For this purpose, a reference to a “regulated entity” is to any institution or entity (which includes 
certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their group companies) referred to in 
points (1), (2), (3) or (4) of Article 2(1) of the Luxembourg BRRD Law, and with respect to the 
SRM Regulation to any entity referred to in Article 2 of the SRM Regulation; and 
“Maturity Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Period” means the period from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the 
Maturity Date. 
“Prudential Regulations for Banks” means the Bank of Italy’s Disposizioni di Vigilanza per 
le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, including any successor regulations. 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Instalment 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Redemption Amount or such other amount in the nature 
of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that such 
amount is in any case at least equal to the principal amount of the relevant Note. 
“Regulatory Capital Requirements” means any applicable minimum capital or capital 
requirement specified for banks or financial group by the Relevant Authority. 
“Relevant Authority” means the Bank of Italy or such other governmental authority in the 
Republic of Italy (or other country where the Issuer is then domiciliated) or in the European 
Union having primary responsibility for prudential and resolution oversight and supervision of

--- Page 97 ---
- 95 - 
 
the Issuer and/or the Group from time to time and/or, as the context may require, the “resolution 
authority” or the “competent authority” as defined under BRRD and/or SRM Regulation. 
(b) 
Maturities/Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below in 
accordance with Conditions 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons), 4(d) (Purchases), 
4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 4(g) (Redemption due to Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event), Condition (h) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification 
Event), Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the option of holders of Notes) or Condition 4(j) 
(Redemption by instalments), each Note will be redeemed at its Final Redemption 
Amount on the Maturity Date. 
(ii) 
Senior Non Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of twelve months, 
as provided under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority. 
(iii) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of five years, as provided 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(c) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
Subject to Condition 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), if Redemption for taxation reasons is specified in the Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the holders of Notes (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) (A) has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 (Taxation) 
or (B) has or will become subject to additional amount of national income taxes (and/or, in the 
case of Mediobanca, regional tax on productive activities – IRAP) due to partial or entire 
limitation to the deductibility of any payments under the Notes, in either case as a result of (1) 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Luxembourg or any political 
subdivision thereof or any agency or authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the 
case of payments made by or on behalf of Mediobanca International) or the Republic of Italy or 
any political subdivision thereof or any agency or authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax (in the case of payments made by or on behalf of Mediobanca); or (2) any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, or (3) any judicial decision, 
official administrative pronouncement, published ruling, regulatory procedure, notice or 
announcement (including any notice or announcement of intent to adopt such procedures or 
regulations) (for purposes of this definition, an “Administrative Action”), or (4) any 
clarification of, or change in the official position or the interpretation of such Administrative 
Action or any interpretation or pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such 
Administrative Action that differs from the generally accepted position, in each case by any 
legislative body, court, governmental, administrative or regulatory authority or body, 
irrespective of the manner in which such clarification or change is made known, which change, 
amendment, Administrative Action or clarification becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, 
and (ii) such obligations/limitations under (A) and (B) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
(or the Guarantor, as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it which (x) do 
not require the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) to incur material out-of-pocket 
expenses and (y) would not otherwise be disadvantageous to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as 
determined in their discretion; provided that in the case under (A) above no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer (or 
the Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) then be due. Prior to the 
publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be) stating that such Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) is entitled to effect such

--- Page 98 ---
- 96 - 
 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of such Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) so to redeem have occurred, and an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that there is more than 
an unsubstantial risk that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) (A) has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts or (B) has or will become subject to additional amount 
of taxes, as indicated above, due to limitation of the deductibility of payments under the Notes 
as a result of such change, amendment, Administrative Action or clarification (the “Tax Event”) 
and provided further that in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of any Tax 
Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent required by the then 
applicable Applicable Banking Regulations, the relevant Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction 
of the Relevant Authority (in accordance with the indications contained in the report of the 
European Banking Authority named “EBA report on the monitoring of TLAC/MREL-eligible 
liabilities instruments of European Union Institutions”, as updated on 7 November 2022 and as 
subsequently updated from time to time) that such Tax Event is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable by such Issuer as at the Issue Date.  
(d) 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), the Issuer, the Guarantor and any of the Guarantor’s subsidiaries 
may purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price provided that all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered 
therewith. Without prejudice to the foregoing, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms the 
Issuer will be entitled to exercise the option to repurchase from the holder(s), at its sole 
discretion, (1) all (but not part of) the Notes of the relevant Series (the “Total Repurchase 
Option”) or (2) on one or more occasions, any portion of the Notes of the relevant Series, 
provided that in such circumstances the amount of the Notes of the relevant Series to be 
purchased from each holder shall be the same proportion that the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes of the relevant Series that are subject to the relevant Partial Purchase Option bears to 
the aggregate principal amount of all the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding prior to 
the exercise of the relevant Partial Purchase Option (the “Partial Repurchase Option”). The 
Total Repurchase Option and the Partial Repurchase Option can only be exercised by the Issuer 
at the date(s) and the price(s) specified in the Final Terms as the Total Repurchase Option date 
or the Partial Repurchase Option date(s) and the Total Repurchase Option amount or Partial 
Repurchase Option amount(s), respectively. Upon exercise of the Total Repurchase Option or 
the Partial Repurchase Option, the holder(s) shall be obliged to sell to the Issuer (or any other 
entity indicated by the Issuer) all the Notes of the Series in relation to which the Total 
Repurchase Option or the Partial Repurchase Option (as the case may be) is exercised. 
(e) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes, Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes for taxation 
reasons, Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes at the Option of the holder, Redemption of 
Zero Coupon Notes at the option of holders of Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 4(e) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer

--- Page 99 ---
- 97 - 
 
Subject to Condition 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), if the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, then the following provisions will apply: 
(1) 
If European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the 
Issuer may, on giving irrevocable prior notice to the holders of Notes, – which notice 
must be received by the holders of Notes no later than the last day of the notice period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms – redeem all or, if “Partial Redemption” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Notes. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall occur on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), together with accrued interest (if any) up to such date, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(2) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the 
Issuer may, at any time during any exercise period specified in the Final Terms (the 
“Exercise Period”), elects to redeem all or, if “Partial Redemption” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Notes, by sending a notice to the 
holders of Notes which notice must be received by such holders no later than the end of 
the relevant Exercise Period. Any such redemption of Notes shall occur on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date at their Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together with 
accrued interest (if any) up to such date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
In the case of a Partial Redemption, the notice to holders of Notes shall also contain the serial 
numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Fiscal 
Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
(g) 
Redemption due to Tier II Notes Disqualification Event 
Subject to Condition 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), if Redemption due to a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at any time (if the Subordinated Note is not a Floating 
Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Subordinated Note is a Floating Rate Note), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to 
the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), to the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event with respect 
to the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes, to the holders of the Subordinated Notes. 
A “Tier II Notes Disqualification Event” is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in 
the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations that would be likely to result in their exclusion, in whole or, to the extent permitted 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from Tier II Capital of the Mediobanca Group 
or the relevant Issuer and, in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of a Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent then 
required by the Applicable Banking, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Relevant 
Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to 
the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of 
the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
“Tier II Capital” has the meaning given to it from time to time in the Applicable Banking 
Regulation. 
(h) 
Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event 
Subject to Condition 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), if Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in

--- Page 100 ---
- 98 - 
 
whole but not in part, at any time (if the Senior Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if the Senior Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices), to the holders of the Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event with respect to the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or 
Senior Non Preferred Notes (as the case may be).  
“MREL Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer, that as a result of a 
change in Italian and/or EU laws or regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of 
a Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non Preferred Notes, which change was not 
reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the Series, it is likely that all or part 
of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or 
of Senior Non Preferred Notes will be excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet 
the MREL Requirements (however called or defined by then applicable regulations) if the Issuer 
is then subject to such requirements, provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not 
occur where such Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non Preferred Notes is 
excluded on the basis (1) that the remaining maturity of such Senior Preferred Notes and/or 
Senior Non Preferred Notes is less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility 
criteria under the MREL Requirements, or (2) of any applicable limits on the amount of eligible 
liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirements, or (3) such exclusion (in whole 
or in part) is the result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result 
of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer. 
“MREL Requirements” means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-
absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, from time to time 
(including any applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the generality 
of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) 
adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy, a Relevant 
Authority, a relevant resolution authority or the European Banking Authority from time to time 
(whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies are applied generally or specifically 
to the Issuer and/or the Group), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, 
superseded or replaced from time to time. 
(i) 
Redemption at the option of holders of Notes 
This Condition 4(h) applies only to the Senior Notes. 
If the Put Option is specified as being applicable to the Senior Notes in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the following provisions will apply: 
(1) 
If European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the holders of the Senior Notes, redeem all or, if “Partial 
Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Senior 
Notes on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at its Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with accrued interest (if any) up to such date, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. To exercise such option, the holders must deposit such 
Senior Notes with any Paying Agent at its specified office, together with a duly 
completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form of obtainable 
from any Paying Agent; the Exercise Notice must be deposited with such Paying Agent 
no later than the last day of the notice period specified in the relevant Final Terms. No 
Senior Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided 
in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes) without the 
prior consent of the Issuer.

--- Page 101 ---
- 99 - 
 
(2) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the holders of any the Senior Notes, redeem all or, if “Partial 
Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Senior 
Notes on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at its Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with accrued interest (if any) up to such date, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. To exercise such option which may be exercised at any 
time during any exercise period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Exercise 
Period”), the holder must deposit such Senior Notes with any Paying Agent at its 
specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise 
Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent; the Exercise Notice must be 
deposited with such Paying Agent no later than the end of the relevant Exercise Period. 
No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in 
the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes) without the prior 
consent of the Issuer. 
In the case of a Partial Redemption, the notice to holders of Senior Notes shall also contain the 
serial numbers of the Senior Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place 
as the Fiscal Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
(j) 
Redemption by instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled in accordance with Condition 4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the option of holders 
of Notes), each Note which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be 
partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified on it, whereupon 
the outstanding principal amount of such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount for 
all purposes. 
(k) 
Cancellation 
Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor’s 
subsidiaries (where applicable) may be surrendered for cancellation, by surrendering each such 
Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the 
Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, will, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor (where 
applicable) in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(l) 
Specific Buy Back Provisions 
This Condition 4(l) applies only to the Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca and/or 
Mediobanca International and where Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International are 
specified as Dealers and where the principal amount in respect of such Senior Preferred Note is 
equal to, at least, EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent amount in the Specified Currency). 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon 
the holder of any Senior Preferred Note giving to the Issuer not less than 5 Business Days’ 
notice in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) requesting 
the Issuer to repurchase the Senior Preferred Note before its scheduled maturity, the Issuer may, 
at its sole option, upon the expiry of such notice, repurchase in whole or in part such Senior 
Preferred Note paying an amount that, as acknowledged by the holder, can be less than par and 
is linked to the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions at that moment (calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of the following paragraphs of this Condition 4(l)), together, if 
appropriate, with any accrued but unpaid interest. As specified above, the Issuer has the right, 
in its sole option, to reject the repurchase request and, in particular, if the Issuer never replies to 
the notice, the Issuer is deemed to have rejected the repurchase request.

--- Page 102 ---
- 100 - 
 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the 
event that a holder requests the Issuer to repurchase the Senior Preferred Notes held by it prior 
to their Maturity Date, and the Issuer accepts such repurchase the Calculation Agent shall, from 
time to time, calculate the buy-back price of such Senior Preferred Notes on the basis of the 
Market Value of the Underlying Transactions (the “Buy Back Price”, without prejudice to the 
Issuer’s obligation to pay the Interest Amounts and the Redemption Amounts on such Senior 
Preferred Notes.  
In addition, if Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall pay an additional remuneration on the Senior Preferred Notes (the 
“Extra-Yield”), as indicated by the relevant Issuer in the “Schedule of specific Buy-Back 
provisions” to be read together with the applicable Final Terms and published by such Issuer on 
the websites specified in the same Final Terms.  
Further information on the composition of the remuneration (unbundling) shall be published by 
each of the Issuers from time to time together with the composition of the Underlying 
Transactions as described in this Condition 4(l).  
For the purpose of this Condition 4(l): 
“Buy-Back Price” means the repurchase price of the Senior Preferred Notes to be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions, as 
indicated by the relevant Issuer in the “Schedule of specific Buy-Back provisions” to be read 
together with the applicable Final Terms and published by such Issuer on the websites specified 
in the same Final Terms.  
“Market Value” means the close-out amount of the Underlying Transactions, including the 
relevant bid/ask prices for all the Senior Preferred Notes and for any possible funding 
arrangement and/or coupon swap, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a fair and 
commercially reasonable manner. 
“Underlying Transactions” means any possible funding arrangement and/or coupon swap 
and/or any of the following funded or unfunded arbitrage-like financial transactions: 
(i) 
Cash-CDS Arbitrage; 
(ii) 
Index-Components Arbitrage; and/or 
(iii) 
General Arbitrage, 
where: 
“Cash-CDS Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Cash Instrument + Short (Long): Replicating CDS 
where: 
“Cash Instrument” means any debt obligation (including any obligation issued by the Issuer) 
or basket of debt obligations, under security or loan format, with maturities and notionals that 
can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and aggregate principal 
amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes; 
“Replicating CDS” means a credit default swap transaction having similar maturity and 
principal amount as the Cash Instrument, and having as a reference entity the Cash Instruments 
issuer or the Cash Instrument guarantor (including the Issuer or the Guarantor or the Issuer’s 
parent or the Issuer’s affiliate), or, in the case of Cash Instrument that are asset-backed 
obligations or credit linked obligations, any credit entity or any credit risk embedded in such 
Cash Instrument.

--- Page 103 ---
- 101 - 
 
“Index-Components Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Credit Index + Short (Long): CDS Components 
where: 
“Credit Index” means any of the Markit credit default swaps indices, with maturities and 
notionals that can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, and any successor and/or replacement 
index thereof, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Markit iTraxx® and Markit CDX™ 
indices, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Credit Index 
may also be a portfolio of credit default swap tranches summing up to a full capital structure, 
i.e. summing up to any such Markit credit default swap index. 
“CDS Components” means a basket of single-name credit default swap transactions having 
similar notional, maturity, coupons and reference entity as the components of the Credit Index. 
CDS Components may also be a portfolio of credit default swap tranches having similar 
maturity, aggregate notional, aggregate coupons and aggregate reference entities as the 
components of the Credit Index. 
“General Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Asset Instruments + Short (Long): Replicating Derivatives 
where: 
“Asset Instruments” means any instrument (including funds or obligations, also asset-backed) 
carrying title to, or otherwise linked to credit, rates, equities, commodities currencies, emission 
allowances or other marketable assets capable of economic assessment, with maturities and 
notionals that can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes. 
“Replicating Derivatives” means any  derivative contract designed to hedge the exposure 
arising from the Asset Instruments, and having as underlying the Asset Instrument itself or any 
of its underlyings. For example: commodity certificate + future (“cash and carry arbitrage”), or 
convertible bond + CDS + equity option (“convertible arbitrage”). 
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion and the relevant composition is subject to change during the life of the Preferred Notes. The 
composition of the Underlying Transactions (including any possible funding arrangement and/or coupon 
swap) shall be published from time to time by Mediobanca or Mediobanca International on their website 
www.mediobanca.com or on the website of the Euronext Dublin or on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange or on any other means of publication, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(m) 
Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes 
Any redemption of the Senior Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for taxation 
reason), Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition (h) (Redemption due 
to MREL Disqualification Event), any purchase of the Notes in accordance with Condition 4(d) 
(Purchases), or any modification of the Notes in accordance with Conditions 9(a) (Meetings of 
holders of Notes) and 9(c) (Errors or inconsistencies), is subject to, to the extent such Senior 
Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements or, in 
case of a redemption pursuant to Condition (h) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification 
Event), qualified as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements before the 
occurrence of the MREL Disqualification Event, to compliance with the then Applicable 
Banking Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission 
of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following 
conditions is met:

--- Page 104 ---
- 102 - 
 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Senior Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments 
of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its own 
funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in 
the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial 
or full replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary 
to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations for continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time 
to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior 
Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that 
any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in 
subparagraphs (i) and (ii) of the preceding paragraph. 
Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for 
taxation reason), Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 4(g) 
(Redemption due to Tier II Notes Disqualification Event), any purchase of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 4(d) (Purchases), or any modification of the Notes in accordance 
with Conditions 9(a) (Meetings of holders of Notes) and 9(c) (Errors or inconsistencies), is 
subject to compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including: 
(i) 
the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with Article 77 and 78 of the CRR as amended or replaced from time to time, where 
either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), 
the Issuer replaces the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
its own funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(A) 
in case of redemption for tax reasons in accordance with Condition 4(c) 
(Redemption for taxation reason), the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in tax treatment is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date, or  
(B) 
in the case of redemption upon the occurrence of a Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event in accordance with Condition 4(g) (Redemption due to 
Tier II Notes Disqualification Event), the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the relevant change in the 
regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the

--- Page 105 ---
- 103 - 
 
Issue Date and the Relevant Authority considers such change to be reasonably 
certain; or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for its income capacity and the Relevant Authority 
has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable 
from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower 
of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant 
Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant 
Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier II 
instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such 
redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and (B) 
of sub-paragraph (i) of the preceding paragraph. 
To redeem any Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not constitute an Event of 
Default of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of 
any redemption or purchase, Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority (with respect to the Senior Non Preferred Notes only), and/or the 
MREL Requirements (with respect to the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes), or the Applicable Banking Regulations (with respect to the Subordinated Notes only) 
permit the redemption or purchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or 
additional pre-conditions to those set out above in this Condition 4(m), the Issuer shall comply 
with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s). 
5. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
(a) 
Payments outside the United States 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes will, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipts 
are presented for payment together with their relative Notes), Notes (in the case of all other 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest as specified in Condition 5(e)(vi)) or Coupons 
(in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 5(e)(ii)), as the case may be, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the 
currency in which such payment is due drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to 
an account denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that 
currency; provided that in the case of Euro, the transfer may be to a Euro account. 
(b) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in US Dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be 
able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by

--- Page 106 ---
- 104 - 
 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) 
such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payments subject to law, etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the holders of Notes or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer 
and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and 
the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) 
and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. The 
Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the 
Registrar and to appoint additional or other agents provided that the Issuer will at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one, (iii) 
Paying Agents having a specified office in at least two major European cities (including Ireland 
so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin), and (iv) such other 
agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be 
listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect of any 
Notes denominated in US Dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 5(b) (Payments 
in the United States) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due 
date for redemption of those Notes, Notes should be surrendered for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) will be 
deducted from the Redemption Amount due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon 
within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 7 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If the relevant Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Notes (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note which is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due

--- Page 107 ---
- 105 - 
 
date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Note which provides that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption 
shall be made only against the provisions of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note. Interest accrued on a Note which 
only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 7 (Prescription)). 
(g) 
Non-Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such 
place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall 
not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
In this Condition 5(g): 
“Additional Financial Centre” means the city or the cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
with respect to the Senior Notes: 
(A) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in 
each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(B) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
(ii) 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes: 
(A) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(1) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open 
for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for 
dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(2) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies

--- Page 108 ---
- 106 - 
 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre 
specified in the Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(1) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open 
for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for 
dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(2) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre specified in the Final Terms. 
6. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Gross Up 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons by 
the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee will be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on the account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or any political subdivision thereof or any agency or authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax (in the case of payments made by or on behalf of 
Mediobanca International) or the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any 
agency or authority therein or thereof having power to tax (in the case of payments made by or 
on behalf of Mediobanca), unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental changes is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts in respect of, with regard to the Notes 
not qualifying at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only, 
principal and interest (if permitted by MREL Requirements), and, with regard to any other Notes, 
interest only (and not in respect of principal) as may be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would have been received in 
respect of the Notes, Receipts or (as the case may be) Coupons, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon or (as the case may be) under the Deed 
of Guarantee: 
(i) 
for or on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Decree No. 239, Legislative Decree 
No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (“Decree No. 461”) or related implementing regulations; 
or in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures of Decree No. 239 
and related implementing rules have not been properly and promptly met or complied 
with (except where due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer, the Guarantor or their 
agents); or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Notes, Receipt or Coupons presented for payment: 
(A) 
by, or on behalf of, a holder who is subject to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by 
reason of its having some connection (otherwise than merely by holding the 
Note, Receipt or Coupon) with (in the case of payments of principal and 
interest under the Senior Notes made by or on behalf of Mediobanca 
International) the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (including taxes imposed by 
the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005) or (in the case of payments of 
principal and interest made by or on behalf of Mediobanca and in respect of 
payments by Mediobanca under the Deed of Guarantee) the Republic of Italy; 
or

--- Page 109 ---
- 107 - 
 
(B) 
in the Republic of Italy (in respect of Notes Receipt or Coupon issued by 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.) or the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (in respect of Notes Receipt or Coupon issued by Mediobanca 
International (Luxembourg) S.A.); or 
(C) 
by, or on behalf of, a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by making a declaration 
or any other statement, including, but not limited to, a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant taxing authority 
or intermediary/paying agent, but has failed to do so properly and promptly; 
or 
(D) 
(in the case of payments of principal and interest made by or on behalf of 
Mediobanca and in respect of payments by Mediobanca under the Deed of 
Guarantee) to a holder who is a non-Italian resident or individual or legal 
entity which is resident in any country not allowing for an adequate exchange 
of information with the Italian tax authorities that is not included in the list 
set by Italian Ministerial Decree 4 September 1996, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented from time to time; or 
(E) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder 
thereof would have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(F) 
with respect to any Notes qualifying as “atypical” securities (titoli “atipici”) 
for Italian tax purposes subject to the regime provided for by Decree No. 512, 
for and on account of any withholding or deduction required by law pursuant 
to such decree, 
without prejudice to the option of the Issuer to redeem the Notes pursuant to, and subject to the 
conditions of, Condition 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons). 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer or (if applicable) the 
Guarantor shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (“FATCA 
Withholding”) as a result of a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent 
of the Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA Withholding. The Issuer or 
(if applicable) the Guarantor will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify an investor for any such FATCA Withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, 
the paying agent or any other party. 
(b) 
Taxing Jurisdiction 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Republic of Italy respectively, 
references in these Conditions to Luxembourg or Italy shall be construed as references to the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or (as the case may be) the Republic of Italy and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means 
the date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the holders of Notes 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt 
or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions 
to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all 
Instalment Amounts, Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 4 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or

--- Page 110 ---
- 108 - 
 
any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 3 (Interest and Other 
Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” 
shall be deemed to include any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 
6. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) for payment in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons (which, for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become 
void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, the holder of a Note of any Series may give 
written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, 
whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together with accrued interest to the date of 
payment shall become immediately due and payable: 
Winding-up: the Issuer is wound up or dissolved, except for the purposes of, and pursuant to, or in 
connection with, a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, consolidation, 
deconsolidation or disposal of assets. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, “Events of Default” means any of the events listed in this 
Condition 8. 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as specifically provided by this Condition 8 shall be available to 
holders of the Notes or Coupons for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or Coupons. 
9. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF NOTES AND MODIFICATIONS 
(a) 
Meetings of holders of Notes 
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes contains provisions for 
convening meetings of holders of Notes to consider any matter affecting their interest, including 
modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Notes (including these Conditions insofar as 
the same may apply to such Notes). An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting shall be binding on all the holders of Notes, whether present or not and on all relevant 
holders of Coupons, except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend 
the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment 
of interest thereon, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount or an Instalment Amount of, or 
any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in 
respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of 
interest or the basis for calculating the Interest Amount in respect thereof, (iv) if a Minimum 
and/or a Maximum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown in the 
Final Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to change any method of 
calculating the Redemption Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or 
denomination of the Notes, (vii) to modify the provisions contained concerning the quorum 
required at any meeting of holders of Notes or any adjournment thereof or concerning the 
majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, (viii) to modify the provisions which 
would have the effect of giving any authority, direction or sanction which under the Notes is 
required to be given pursuant to a meeting of holders of Notes to which the special quorum 
provisions apply, (ix) to take any steps which as specified in the Final Terms may only be taken 
following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions 
apply or (x) to amend the foregoing exceptions in any manner, will only be binding if passed at 
a meeting of the holders of Notes (or at any adjournment thereof) at which a special quorum 
(provided for in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes) is present. 
(b) 
Modification of Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes

--- Page 111 ---
- 109 - 
 
The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes, if to do so could not reasonably be 
expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the holders of Notes. 
(c) 
Errors or inconsistencies 
The Issuer and, with respect to the Senior Preferred Notes only, the Guarantor may, without the 
prior consent of the holders of the Notes correct (i) any manifest and/or material error in the 
Conditions and/or in the Final Terms, (ii) any error of a formal, minor or technical nature in the 
Conditions and/or in the Final Terms or (iii) any inconsistency in the Conditions and/or in the 
Final Terms between the Conditions and/or the Final Terms and any other documents prepared 
in connection with the issue and/or offer of a Series of Notes (provided such correction is not 
materially prejudicial to the holders of the relevant Series of Notes). In addition, pursuant to 
Condition 3(r) (Benchmark replacement), certain changes may be made to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such 
Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. Any such correction shall 
be binding on the holders of the relevant Notes and the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) 
shall cause such correction to be notified to the holders of the Notes as soon as practicable 
thereafter pursuant to Condition 12 (Notices). 
(d) 
Modification following a MREL Disqualification Event 
With respect to the Senior Notes only, if Modification following a MREL Disqualification 
Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, where a MREL Disqualification 
Event has occurred and is continuing and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), 
then the Issuer may, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
modify the terms of the Senior Notes to the extent that such modification is necessary to ensure 
that no such MREL Disqualification Event would exist after such modification or the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg 
Bail-In Power), provided that, following such modification: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 
(Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), the terms and 
conditions of the Senior Notes, as so modified (the “modified Senior Notes”), are no 
more prejudicial to Noteholders than the terms and conditions applicable to the Senior 
Notes prior to such modification (the “existing Senior Notes”); and 
(ii) 
the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes continues to be 
the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the modified Senior Notes rank at least equal to the existing Senior Notes and feature 
the same tenor, principal amount, interest rates (including applicable margins), interest 
payment dates and redemption rights as the existing Senior Notes; and 
(iv) 
the modified Senior Notes continue to be listed on a regulated market (for the purposes 
of the MiFID II (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended)) of an internationally recognised 
stock exchange as selected by the Issuer (provided that the existing Senior Notes were 
so listed prior to the occurrence of such MREL Disqualification Event), 
and provided further that: 
(a) 
Mediobanca obtains approval of the proposed modification from the Relevant 
Authority (if such approval is required) or gives prior written notice (if such notice is 
required to be given) to the Relevant Authority and, following the expiry of all relevant 
statutory time limits, the Relevant Authority is no longer entitled to object or impose 
changes to the proposed modification;

--- Page 112 ---
- 110 - 
 
(b) 
the modified Senior Notes are assigned the same or higher published and solicited 
rating of the existing Senior Notes in effect at such time (to the extent the existing 
Senior Notes were rated prior to the occurrence of such MREL Disqualification Event); 
(c) 
the modification does not give rise to any right on the part of the Issuer to exercise any 
option to redeem the Senior Notes prior to their stated maturity, without prejudice to 
the provisions under Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer); and 
(d) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, substantially in the form 
shown in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes, signed 
by two of the Issuer’s executive officers stating that paragraphs (i) to (iv) and (a) to (c) 
above have been complied with, such certificate to be made available for inspection by 
Noteholders. 
In connection with any modification as indicated in this Condition 9(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes are then listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Modification following a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event or a Tax Event 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes only, if modification following a Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event or a Tax Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
where a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event or a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing 
and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 
(Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), then the Issuer may, without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, modify the terms of the Notes 
to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no such Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event or Tax Event would exist after such modification or the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In 
Power), provided that, following such modification: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 
(Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), the terms and 
conditions of the Subordinated Notes, as so modified (the “modified Notes”), are no 
more prejudicial to Noteholders than the terms and conditions applicable to the 
Subordinated Notes prior to such modification (the “existing Notes”); and 
(ii) 
the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes continues 
to be the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the modified Subordinated Notes rank at least equal to the existing Subordinated Notes 
and feature the same tenor, principal amount, interest rates (including applicable 
margins), interest payment dates and redemption rights as the existing Subordinated 
Notes; and 
(iv) 
the modified Subordinated Notes continue to be listed on a regulated market (for the 
purposes of the MiFID II (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended)) of an internationally 
recognised stock exchange as selected by the Issuer (provided that the existing Notes 
were so listed prior to the occurrence of such Tier II Notes Disqualification Event or 
Tax Event, as applicable), 
and provided further that: 
(a) 
Mediobanca obtains approval of the proposed modification from the Relevant 
Authority (if such approval is required) or gives prior written notice (if such notice is 
required to be given) to the Relevant Authority and, following the expiry of all relevant 
statutory time limits, the Relevant Authority is no longer entitled to object or impose 
changes to the proposed modification;

--- Page 113 ---
- 111 - 
 
(b) 
the modified Notes are assigned the same or higher published and solicited rating of 
the existing Subordinated Notes in effect at such time (to the extent the existing 
Subordinated Notes were rated prior to the occurrence of such Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event or Tax Event, as applicable); 
(c) 
the modification does not give rise to any right on the part of the Issuer to exercise any 
option to redeem the Subordinated Notes prior to their stated maturity, without 
prejudice to the provisions under Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer); 
(d) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, substantially in the form 
shown in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes, signed 
by two of the Issuer’s executive officers stating that paragraphs (i) to (iv) and (a) to (c) 
above have been complied with, such certificate to be made available for inspection by 
Noteholders; and 
(e) 
in the case of any proposed modifications owing to a Tax Event, the Issuer has 
delivered to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Tax Event can be avoided by the proposed modifications. 
In connection with any modification as indicated in this Condition 9(e), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are then 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(f) 
Modification to Notes distributed to a Single Noteholder 
In partial derogation to the provisions of Condition 9(a),(b),(c),(d) and (e) above, in case the 
Notes have been distributed to a single holder (the “Single Holder”), the approval for the 
amendments under Condition 9(a),(b),(c),(d) and (e) above shall be given by the Single Holder 
by way of binding approval letter with prior delivery of the relevant proof of ownership of the 
relevant Note. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or 
such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice 
of whose designation is given to holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, 
for exchange for further Coupons, there will be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
11. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the first payment of interest) and so that the same shall 
be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” 
shall be construed accordingly. 
The Issuer may also from time to time upon not less than 30 days’ prior notice to Noteholders, without 
the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons of any Series, consolidate the Notes with Notes of one or 
more other Series (the “Other Notes”) issued by it, provided the Notes and the Other Notes have been 
redenominated into Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro), and otherwise have, in respect of all 
periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the first payment of interest). Notice of

--- Page 114 ---
- 112 - 
 
any such consolidation will be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). The 
Fiscal Agent shall act as the consolidation agent. 
With effect from their consolidation, the Notes and the Other Notes will (if listed prior to such 
consolidation) be listed on at least one European stock exchange on which either the Notes or the Other 
Notes were listed immediately prior to such consolidation. 
The Issuer shall in dealing with holders of such Notes following a consolidation pursuant to this 
Condition 11 have regard to the interest of the holders and the holders of the Other Notes, taken together 
as a class, and shall treat them alike. 
12. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the holders of Notes will be valid if (i) until such time as any Definitive Notes are issued, the 
notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System(s), for communication by them to the holders of Notes; 
and (ii) if and so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin’s regulated market 
and listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin, the notice is published in accordance with the rules 
and regulations of the Euronext Dublin (which shall include publication in a leading newspaper having 
general circulation in Ireland or on the website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) or on 
the website of the relevant Issuer (www.mediobanca.it or www.mediobancaint.lu) and the Guarantor 
(www.mediobanca.it). If any such publication is not practicable, notice will be validly given if published 
in another leading daily English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to the 
holders of Notes in accordance with this Condition 12. 
13. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
(a) 
The Issuer and, in case of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, the 
Guarantor may at any time, without the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons, substitute 
Mediobanca in place of Mediobanca International or Mediobanca International in place of 
Mediobanca (each a “Substitute”) upon notice by the Issuer, the Guarantor (in case of Senior 
Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International) and the Substitute to be given in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), provided that; 
(i) 
no payment in respect of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or the Deed of 
Guarantee (as the case may be) is at the relevant time overdue; 
(ii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of a deed poll in the form scheduled to the Programme 
Manual as Schedule 12 (the “Deed Poll”), agree to indemnify each holder of Notes 
and Coupons against any incremental tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge 
which is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country 
of the Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with 
respect to any Note, Receipt, Coupon, Talon or the relevant Deed of Covenant and 
which would not have been so imposed or otherwise suffered by any holder of Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the 
substitution; 
(iii) 
in respect of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, where the 
Substitute is not the Guarantor, the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, 
the Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant shall be unconditionally 
guaranteed by the Guarantor by means of the Deed Poll, in accordance with the terms 
thereof; 
(iv) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes, Receipts,

--- Page 115 ---
- 113 - 
 
Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, where applicable, of the Guarantor have 
been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for 
the English Law Notes, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had 
been an original party to it; 
(vi) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent and Dealers from lawyers 
of recognised standing in each jurisdiction referred to in paragraph (ii) above, in Italy 
and in England as to the fulfilment of the requirements of this Condition 13 and the 
other matters specified in the Deed Poll and that the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute; 
(vii) 
each stock exchange on which the Notes are listed shall have confirmed that, following 
the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue to be listed on such 
stock exchange; 
(viii) 
if applicable, the Substitute has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to 
receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Deed Poll and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substitute shall 
succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power, of the Issuer under 
the Notes and the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes with the same 
effect as if the Substitute had been named as the Issuer herein, and the Issuer shall be released 
from its obligations under the Notes and under the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the 
English Law Notes. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 13(a), the Substitute may, without the consent of any 
holder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in Conditions 13(a) and 13(b) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the 
context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further Substitute. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 13(a) or 13(c) any Substitute may, without the consent 
of any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be delivered to, and kept by, 
the Fiscal Agent. Copies of such documents will be available free of charge at the specified 
office of the Paying Agent. 
14. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
15. 
LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the relevant Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with English 
law, also in accordance with the provisions of the Rome II Regulation, except: (I) in case of 
Notes issued by Mediobanca, Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) 
(Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes), 2(d) (Status of the Subordinated Notes), 4(b) 
(Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption due to Tier II Notes Disqualification Event), 
4(h) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event), 8 (Events of Default) and 16 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of these Conditions, are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law; and (II) in case of Senior Preferred 
Notes issued by Mediobanca International, Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred 
Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(h) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification 
Event) and 16 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of these Conditions,

--- Page 116 ---
- 114 - 
 
which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Luxembourgish law. For the 
avoidance of doubt, articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg Company Law shall not apply 
to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
“Dispute”), arising from or connected with the Notes, whether arising out of or in connection 
with contractual or non-contractual obligations. Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit 
any right to take proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor 
shall the taking of proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of proceedings 
in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Service of notices/documents: Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) agree 
that the documents which start any proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) and any 
other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on them 
by being delivered to Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. - London Branch, 4th 
floor, 62 Buckingham Gate SW1E 6AJ, United Kingdom. If such person is not or ceases to be 
effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
(where applicable), the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) shall, on the written demand 
of any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer and to the Guarantor (where applicable) 
or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent appoint a further person in England to accept 
service of process on their behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder 
shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (where applicable) and delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) 
or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this Condition 15(c) shall affect the 
right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition 
15(c) applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
16. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE ITALIAN / LUXEMBOURG BAIL-IN POWER 
(A) 
Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and without 
prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each holder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 16, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, 
accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise 
may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction 
of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation 
thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including 
by means of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation 
of the Notes or the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest 
payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect 
to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an Event of 
Default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant Authority 
in accordance with this Condition 16.

--- Page 117 ---
- 115 - 
 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of the Italian Bail-In Power. 
(B) 
Acknowledgment of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power 
The provisions of this Condition 16(B) applies to Senior Preferred Notes only. 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and without 
prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Senior Preferred Notes each holder 
(which, for the purposes of this Condition 16, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Senior 
Preferred Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the 
reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) 
due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect 
of the Senior Preferred Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such 
shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or 
variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Senior Preferred Notes or the principal 
amount in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest 
due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the amendment 
or alteration of the maturity of the Senior Preferred Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Senior Preferred Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect 
to the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an Event 
of Default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant 
Authority in accordance with this Condition 16.

--- Page 118 ---
- 116 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes applicable to each Series of Notes to be governed 
under Italian Law (respectively, the “Italian Law Notes” or the “Notes” and the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes” or the “Conditions”) which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed into 
each Note in final form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Notes in global 
form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Notes whilst in final form to the extent 
described under “Provisions relating to the Notes While in Global Form” below. 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (“Mediobanca”), Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) 
S.A. (“Mediobanca International”) (each, an “Issuer” and, together, the “Issuers”) have established an Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to Euro 40,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of senior preferred notes which may be issued by each of the Issuers (the “Senior Preferred 
Notes”), senior non preferred notes which may be issued by Mediobanca only (the “Senior Non Preferred Notes” 
and, together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the “Senior Notes”) and subordinated notes which may be issued 
by Mediobanca only (the “Subordinated Notes”), guaranteed by Mediobanca (in its capacity as guarantor, the 
“Guarantor”) in respect of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International only. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes dated 30 
December 2022, as amended or supplemented from time to time, (the “Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for 
the Italian Law Notes”) between the Issuers, the Guarantor, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, as fiscal agent 
and principal paying agent (the “Fiscal Agent”) and Mediobanca in its capacity as Italian paying agent (the 
“Italian Paying Agent” and together with the Fiscal Agent and any additional or other paying agents in respect 
of the Notes from time to time appointed, the “Paying Agents”). The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the holders 
of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International from time to time, executed and delivered a deed 
of guarantee (the “Deed of Guarantee”) dated 30 December 2022 under which it has guaranteed, in accordance 
with the terms and subject to limitations of the Deed of Guarantee, the due and punctual payment of the amounts 
due by Mediobanca International under the Notes as and when the same shall become due and payable (the 
“Guarantee of the Notes”). The holders of the Notes (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the 
“Coupons”) appertaining to interest bearing Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for 
further Coupons (the “Talons”) and the holders of the instalment receipts (the “Receipts”) appertaining to the 
payment of principal by instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes applicable to them. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each, a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or 
more tranches (each, a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche of Notes is the subject of final terms (the “Final 
Terms”) which completes these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
these Conditions and the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. All subsequent references in these Conditions 
to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject of the Final Terms. These Conditions apply to Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes, only to the extent that such Senior Non Preferred Notes are issued by 
Mediobanca, and are defined as “strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello” pursuant to and for the 
purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. These Conditions 
apply also to Subordinated Notes which are issued by Mediobanca and are defined as “Tier II Instruments” in Part 
II, Chapter 1 of the Prudential Regulations for Banks and in Article 63 of the CRR. Copies of the Final Terms are 
available during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of 
which is set out below (the “Specified Office”). Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Issue 
and Paying Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes and are subject to their detailed provisions. 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will specify whether the Issuer is Mediobanca or 
Mediobanca International. In these Conditions, any reference to a statute or regulation shall be construed as a 
reference to such statute or regulation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-
enacted. 
Copies of the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection at the specified office of the Paying Agent.

--- Page 119 ---
- 117 - 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are issued in bearer form in the currency (the “Specified Currency”) and the denominations 
(the “Specified Denomination(s)”) shown in the Final Terms, provided that: (i) Senior Non Preferred 
Notes will have denomination of at least EUR 150,000 (or, where the Senior Non Preferred Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other 
minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time, (ii) Subordinated Notes will have 
a denomination of at least EUR 200,000 (or, where the Subordinated Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other minimum denomination 
provided by applicable law from time to time, and (iii) Reset Notes will have a denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000 (or, where the Reset Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other currency). 
Notes are issued with Coupons (and where appropriate, a Talon) attached save in the case of Notes which 
do not bear interest in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the 
date specified in the Final Terms as the Maturity Date (as designed below), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. Any Note the principal amount of which is redeemable in instalments is 
issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Title to the Note and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, 
as the case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other 
purposes, whether or not such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone. 
In these Conditions, “holder” (in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon. All capitalised terms which are not defined in these Conditions will 
have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating 
that such term is not applicable to the Notes. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes. 
2. 
STATUS OF NOTES AND GUARANTEE 
(a) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below. 
“Bank of Italy” means the Bank of Italy and/or any other competent authority which at a future 
date carries out the functions which the Bank of Italy performs as at the Issue Date. 
“CET1 Instruments” means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
“Italian Banking Act” means Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of 
the transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law). 
“Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa” means Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as 
described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Italian Banking Act. 
“Loss Absorption Requirement” means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that 
Own Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may 
be) are subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 Instruments 
or other instruments of ownership in accordance with Article 59 of the BRRD and the related 
national implementing provisions applicable to the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case 
may be). 
“Own Funds” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the CRR as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations.

--- Page 120 ---
- 118 - 
 
(b) 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank at all times at least pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for certain mandatory exceptions of applicable 
law, it being understood moreover that the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Senior 
Preferred Notes will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power or the Luxembourg Bail-In Power, 
as the case may be. 
Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have 
waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(c) 
Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes (being notes intended to qualify as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the Italian 
Banking Act) will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non preferred obligations of 
Mediobanca and will rank at all times pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment obligations of Mediobanca 
under each Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be, 
will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors and any 
holder of Senior Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of Mediobanca, including 
claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, 
but (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and non preferred 
obligations of Mediobanca which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior 
or senior to such Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes and (C) in priority to any present or 
future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes (including any holder 
of Subordinated Notes) and the claims of shareholders of Mediobanca, in all such cases in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking 
Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority, it being understood moreover that the obligations of Mediobanca under the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power. 
Each holder of a Senior Non Preferred Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have 
waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Non Preferred Note. 
(d) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes and any related Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of Mediobanca and, subject to the provisions of this Condition 2, will at all times 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. In relation to each Series of 
Subordinated Notes, all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be treated equally and all 
amounts paid by Mediobanca in respect of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata 
on all Notes of such Series. 
In the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment obligations of Mediobanca 
under each Series of Subordinated Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be, will rank 
in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors and any holder of 
Senior Notes and their respective Coupons) of Mediobanca as well as subordinated creditors 
which rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated Notes but (B) at least pari passu 
with all other subordinated obligations of Mediobanca which do not rank or are not expressed 
by their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of Subordinated Notes and (C) in priority 
to the claims of subordinated creditors ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated 
Notes (including, but not limited to, “Additional Tier 1 Instruments” (as defined in the

--- Page 121 ---
- 119 - 
 
Prudential Regulations for Banks and in the CRR)) and of the shareholders of Mediobanca, it 
being understood moreover that the obligations of Mediobanca under the Subordinated Notes 
will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power. 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD 
and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where 
the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to 
the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from 
time to time. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have waived 
any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
(e) 
Status of Guarantee 
The Guarantee of the Senior Preferred Notes constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and conditions and subject to 
the limitations set out in the Deed of Guarantee which will rank at all times at least pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and equally with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save for certain mandatory 
exceptions of applicable law. 
(f) 
No negative pledge 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
3. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below. 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Broken Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“BUBOR” means the Budapest interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and

--- Page 122 ---
- 120 - 
 
(iii) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant 
Final Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is 
not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and 
is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by 
law or regulation to be closed. 
“Calculation Agent” means Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., the Fiscal 
Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Interest Rate(s) and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Calculation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“CIBOR” means the Copenhagen interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“CMS” means the constant maturity swap rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “1/1” is specified, 1; 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; 
(d) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(e) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(f) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 123 ---
- 121 - 
 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(h) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
(
)
(
)
(
)
360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
(
)
(
)
(
)
360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 124 ---
- 122 - 
 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30. 
“EU Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and 
amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014. 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate and the First Margin. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Instalment Date(s)” means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Date” means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(
)
(
)
(
)
360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 125 ---
- 123 - 
 
(a) 
with respect to the Senior Notes, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of any Interest Period and determined according to Condition 3(l) 
(Calculations in respect of the Senior Notes); 
(b) 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount specified in the Final Terms as being payable on the 
Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date or the dates specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the same may be 
adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Accrual Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Accrual Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Date. 
“Interest Rate” means the rate of interest (expressed as a percentage per annum) payable from 
time to time in respect of this Note and which is either specified, or calculated in accordance 
with the provisions, in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Rate Switch Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the Final Terms) 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., a copy of which is 
available on the website of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(www.isda.org) and can be obtained from the Issuer. 
“Issue Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Issue Price” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Linear Interpolation” means the straight-line interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the Reference Rate or the ISDA Rate, as the case may be, one of which will be determined as if 
the Specified Duration were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the affected Interest Period and the other of which will be determined as if the 
Specified Duration or the Designated Maturity, as the case may be, were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of such Interest Period. 
“Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing

--- Page 126 ---
- 124 - 
 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the 
Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent). 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is 
euro or any other rate specified in the Final Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), either: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Multiplier” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“NIBOR” means the Norwegian interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Amount” means 
 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
(
)(y)
AY
1
RP
+
×

--- Page 127 ---
- 125 - 
 
be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation (if presentation is 
required) are open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and 
for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
“PRIBOR” means the Prague interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation 
to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable. 
“Reference Banks” means, the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none, four (or, if the Relevant Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the 
Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
“Reference Price” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, CMS, PRIBOR, ROBOR, 
BUBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR or the yield on securities issued by the Italian Government, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and including where applicable the relevant yield and issue of securities 
issued by the Italian Government.

--- Page 128 ---
- 126 - 
 
“Reference Rate Multiplier” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end 
of the irregular Interest Period. 
“Relevant Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Reference 
Rate is most closely connected or, if none is so connected, London. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms for the purpose of providing a Reference Rate, or such 
other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service 
or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or 
organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates 
in respect of deposits in the relevant currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial 
Centre provided that if the Relevant Currency is Euro and the Benchmark is EURIBOR, the 
Relevant Time shall be 11.00 am Brussels time. 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable). 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period. 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
“ROBOR” means the Romanian interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 129 ---
- 127 - 
 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning, if any, given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor or replacement 
for that system (the TARGET2 System) is open. 
“Yield” means: 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date 
on the basis of the Issue Price, using the formula below. It is not an indication of future yield. 
 
Where: 
“P” is the Issue Price of the Notes; “C” is the annualised Interest Amount; “A” is the principal 
amount of Notes due on redemption; “n” is time to maturity in years; and “r” is the annualised 
yield. 
(b) 
Interest Rate and Accrual 
(A) 
With respect to the Senior Notes, each Senior Note (other than Zero Coupon Notes) 
bears, for each Interest Period, interest on its outstanding principal amount at the 
Interest Rate, such interest being payable as the Interest Amount, in arrear and on each 
Interest Payment Date. Where an Interest Period is a short or long Interest Period, then: 
(i) 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Interest Amount payable for that short or long Interest 
Period shall be, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Broken Amount specified therein; 
(ii) 
if (in case of the Senior Preferred Notes only) the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Interest Amount 
payable for that short or long Interest Period shall be the relevant amount 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Interest Rate applicable for that short or long Interest 
(
)
(
)
(
) n
r
1
A
n
r
1
1
r
C
P
−
+
+
−
+
−
=

--- Page 130 ---
- 128 - 
 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent using Linear 
Interpolation; 
(B) 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes, each Subordinated Note bears interest on its 
outstanding principal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest 
Rate, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note on the last day of the last Interest Period and, in any 
case, on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest will continue to accrue (as well after as 
before judgment) at the Interest Rate in the manner provided in this Condition 3 to the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)). 
(c) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified in these Conditions or in the 
relevant Final Terms to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (i) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day, (ii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day, save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for 
which the final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will 
not accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date or (iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(d) 
Interest Rate on Fixed Rate Notes 
With respect to the Senior Notes, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Interest Rate for each Interest Period shall be the fixed rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield of the Fixed Rate Note is indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms and is calculated as the internal rate of return (IRR). The yield of the Fixed 
Rate Notes is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and, if indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Fixed Coupon and/or the Broken Amount. 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Denomination. The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which 
a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Interest Rate to the 
Calculation Amount of such Note, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction 
(not adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention) and rounding the resulting 
figure in accordance with Condition 3(k) (Rounding). Where the Specified Denomination of a 
Fixed Rate Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. The yield of the Fixed Rate Note is indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms and is calculated as the internal rate of return (IRR). The yield of the Fixed Rate Notes 
is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and, as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Fixed Coupon and/or the Broken Amount. 
(e) 
Interest Rate on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates

--- Page 131 ---
- 129 - 
 
If, in case of any Notes other than the Senior Non Preferred Notes, the Reset Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then such 
Reset Note bears interest: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate 
of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date 
if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) in the case of the 
Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, and (ii) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the 
provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 3(d) (Interest Rate on Fixed 
Rate Notes). 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
Subject to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark replacement), if on any Reset Determination Date the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the Issuer or a third party (i.e. a financial adviser or an investment bank appointed 
by the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in 
question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding 
Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(e)(ii) “Reference Banks” means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four (or, if the Relevant Financial Centre 
is Helsinki, five) major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely 
connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute. 
For the avoidance of doubts it being understood that the provisions set forth in this Condition 
3(e) shall apply in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
(f) 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 132 ---
- 130 - 
 
If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: if Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined (other than 
in respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms), subject to Condition 3(r) 
(Benchmark replacement), as follow: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
if, in the case of paragraph (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page 
or, in the case of paragraph (B) above, fewer than two such rates appear on 
that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable: 
(1) 
the Issuer or a third party (i.e. a financial adviser or an investment 
bank appointed by the Issuer) will request the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a 
quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(2) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations; and 
(3) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates 
(being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Relevant Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be 
(a) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being 
applicable, the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may 
be) the arithmetic mean determined in accordance with the above 
provisions (the “Determined Rate”); 
(b) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable (i) the sum of the Margin and the relevant Determined 
Rate multiplied by (ii) the Multiplier; 
(c) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the sum of (i) Margin, and (ii) the

--- Page 133 ---
- 131 - 
 
relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate 
Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a 
rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Interest Rate applicable to the 
Notes during such Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with the 
foregoing, save that the Determined Rate shall be the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: If, in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes, ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be 
(a) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, 
the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate; 
(b) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable (i) 
the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by (ii) the 
Multiplier; 
(c) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the sum of (i) Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate 
multiplied by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
This Condition 3(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, if Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SONIA”. 
Where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(g): 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”, with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 134 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due 
and payable). 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day “i” 
up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending 
on, but excluding, the date which is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as applicable) 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on

--- Page 135 ---
- 133 - 
 
the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is 
published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day “i"; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms; the relevant London Banking Day “i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking 
Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day 
will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking 
Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 3(r) 
(Benchmark Replacement), be: 
(A) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business 
on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which 
the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Subject to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(g), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
This Condition 3(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, if Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SOFR”.

--- Page 136 ---
- 134 - 
 
Where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on each Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(h): 
“Benchmark” means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily SOFR, as 
determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions 
set out in this Condition 3(h). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining 
Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth 
herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately 
precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be 
multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in 
the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions 
under Condition 3(h) below will apply. 
“Business Day” means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is 
not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a 
date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; 
“Compounded SOFR” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in:

--- Page 137 ---
- 135 - 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and including, 
the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day in such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
“p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable); 
“p” for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift 
Period” (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SOFR” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 3(h) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or any successor source; 
“SOFRi” means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i"; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i"; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that

--- Page 138 ---
- 136 - 
 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in U.S. government securities. 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for 
all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this section, 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other 
party. 
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided 
that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded 
SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its 
designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or

--- Page 139 ---
- 137 - 
 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides may 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative;

--- Page 140 ---
- 138 - 
 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark 
is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect 
to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 3(h) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 3(h); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 3(h), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the 
first Interest Period). 
(i) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR 
This Condition 3(i) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the “Reference Rate” is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being “€STR”. 
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus

--- Page 141 ---
- 139 - 
 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on each Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(i): 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“D” means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360); 
“do” means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the “€STR reference rate”, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Settlement Day as provided 
by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, 
as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately 
following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined 
in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central 
Bank or the successor administrator of such rate); 
“€STRi” means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
TARGET Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day “i"; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”.

--- Page 142 ---
- 140 - 
 
“i”  
is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 
Settlement Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET 
Settlement Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and including) 
the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case 
of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
“p” for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms. 
Subject to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark Replacement), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be 
calculated pursuant to Condition 3(i) above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in 
respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR 
reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such 
TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central 
Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to Condition 3(r) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(i), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(j) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be, provided however 
that provisions relating to the Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate shall not apply to the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes and shall not be specified at any time in the relevant Final Terms. 
(k) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (ii)

--- Page 143 ---
- 141 - 
 
all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (iii) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down 
to the nearest Yen. For these purposes “unit” means, with respect to any currency other than 
Euro, the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, with respect to Euro, means one cent. 
(l) 
Calculations in respect of the Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(l) applies to the Senior Notes only. 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Period shall calculated using one of the 
following methods: 
(i) 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable but subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Interest Amount payable for any 
Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the 
Interest Rate to the Calculation Amount and by multiplying the product so obtained by 
the Day Count Fraction (adjusted or unadjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) above, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Fixed Coupon Amount 
and/or Broken Amount is specified in the Final Terms to be payable on an Interest 
Payment Date, the Interest Amount payable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
Fixed Coupon Amount and/or Broken Amount so specified; or 
(iii) 
if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable with respect to Senior Preferred Notes only, the Interest Amount payable 
for any Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (i) 
(Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates) (adjusted or unadjusted in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(iv) 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Interest Amount payable for any Interest Period shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the Interest Rate to the Calculation 
Amount and by multiplying the product so obtained by the Day Count Fraction 
(adjusted or unadjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms). 
Each Interest Amount (other than the Fixed Coupon Amount and the Broken Amount) shall be 
rounded in accordance with Condition 3(k) (Rounding). 
(m) 
Calculations in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3(m) applies to the Subordinated Notes only. 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Subordinated Note for any period shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the outstanding Calculation 
Amount by the Day Count Fraction, save that where an Interest Amount (or a formula for its 
calculation) is specified in respect of such period, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Subordinated Note for such period will equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in 
accordance with a formula). Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Subordinated Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided 
above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. In respect of any short or long Interest Period as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Interest Rate using Linear Interpolation.

--- Page 144 ---
- 142 - 
 
(n) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption Amounts 
and Instalment Amounts 
After the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date or such other time on such date 
as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation, it will, promptly, determine 
the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amount on the principal amount of the Notes for the 
relevant Interest Period, calculate the Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such 
quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Interest Rate 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, 
if required to be calculated, the Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the holders of the Notes, any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Notes which is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange 
so requires, such exchange promptly after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
an Interest Rate and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after 
such determination. The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 8 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the 
Interest Rate payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition 3(n) but no publication of the Interest Rate or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest 
Amount, Redemption Amount and Instalment Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(o) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer will use its best endeavours to ensure that there shall at all times be four Reference 
Banks (or such other number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre 
and one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the Conditions applicable 
to the Notes and for so long as any Notes are outstanding. If any Reference Bank (acting through 
its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer 
will appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as 
such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation 
Agent performing its duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Interest Rate for 
any Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amounts or any other requirements, the Issuer 
will appoint the London office of a leading bank engaged in the London interbank market to act 
as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid. 
(p) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable 
and the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) 
the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).

--- Page 145 ---
- 143 - 
 
The calculation of the above amount shall be made (where such calculation is to be made for a 
period which is not a whole number of years) on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 3(p) or, if none is so 
specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(q) 
Interest Rate Switch 
If so specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, from and including the Interest 
Rate Switch Date, the Interest Rate applicable for the calculation of the Interest Amounts due 
for each remaining Interest Period with respect to the Notes shall be the rate specified as 
applying from and including such Interest Rate Switch Date in the Final Terms and the initial 
Interest Rate applicable to the Notes shall no longer apply. 
(r) 
Benchmark replacement 
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference 
Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SOFR”, notwithstanding the provisions 
in Conditions 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), 3(f) (Interest Rate on Floating 
Rate Notes), 3(g) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA) and 3(i) (Interest – 
Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR), if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent 
(or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)) determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by such Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
an Independent Adviser (as defined below) to determine (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) a Successor Rate (as defined below) or, alternatively, 
if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate no later than 3 Business 
Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) 
(the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”) for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(r)); 
(2) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate, in accordance with the provisions set 
out under sub-paragraph (3) below; 
(3) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate is determined in 
accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, 
Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) in relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(r)); provided, 
however, that if sub-paragraph (2) applies and the Issuer is unable to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to the Reset Determination 
Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding 
Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the Rate of Interest applicable to such 
next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Reset Period or Interest 
Period as applicable (which may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating 
to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the

--- Page 146 ---
- 144 - 
 
provisions in this sub-paragraph (3) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as 
applicable) are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 3(r); 
(4) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate in accordance with the above provisions, the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) may also, following consultation 
with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), 
specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day 
Convention, Business Days, Reset Determination Date, Interest Determination Date 
and/or the definition of Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and 
the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow 
market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods 
(as applicable) also in compliance with the Issuer’s written plans provided for under 
article 28(2) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 3(r)). If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the 
Issuer (as applicable), determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and 
determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Paying Agent shall, at the direction and 
expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes and these Conditions as may be required 
in order to give effect to this Condition 3(r). No Noteholder consent shall be required 
in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of any documents or 
other steps by the relevant Paying Agent (if required)); 
(5) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to 
subparagraph (4) above to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders; and 
(6) 
if the provisions relating to the occurrence of, with respect to the Senior Notes, a MREL 
Disqualification Event, or, with respect to the Subordinated Notes only, a Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event, in case of a Alternative Benchmark Rate is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the provisions above would cause the 
occurrence of, respectively, a MREL Disqualification Event or a Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event, therefore no Alternative Benchmark Rate will be adopted, and 
the Reference Rate applicable for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last 
Reference Rate available at the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Relevant 
Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(r): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice to Noteholders as a result 
of the replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which:

--- Page 147 ---
- 145 - 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Rate (as applicable), where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate 
(as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer), determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Benchmark Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest in respect of Eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency 
and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), or, 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, 
such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its 
discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable 
to the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or being subject to a material change; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
the Original Reference Rate), provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date 
which is the later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) the 
date on which the administrator ceases publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely; or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued, provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which 
the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Original Reference Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate has ceased or will, within a specified period of time, cease to 
provide the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of cessation, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Original Reference Rate and further provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on 
the date which is the later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and

--- Page 148 ---
- 146 - 
 
(b) the date on which the administrator ceases to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely; 
(vi) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes, provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on 
the date which is the later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and 
(b) the date on which the Original Reference Rate is prohibited from being used or its 
use is subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally, or in respect of 
the Notes; or 
(vii) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, as amended from time to time, if applicable) for any Paying Agent, 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate which has been determined in 
relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of 
this Condition 3(r) (Benchmark Replacement). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap floating leg 
benchmark rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg 
benchmark rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid swap floating 
leg benchmark rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid 
swap floating leg benchmark rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or 
mid-swap floating leg benchmark rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
and 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context requires otherwise: 
The expressions “Early Redemption Amount"; “Final Redemption Amount”, “Instalment 
Amount”, “Optional Redemption Amount (Call)”, and “Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put)” mean, in respect of any Note: (A) such amount as may be specified in, or determined in

--- Page 149 ---
- 147 - 
 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms; or (B) if no such amount is specified, the principal 
amount of such Note. 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy, 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the BRRD, the BRRD 
Implementing Regulations, the CRD IV, the Prudential Regulations for Banks of the Bank of 
Italy, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and those regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant Authority or 
of the institutions of the European Union and/or the Republic of Italy (as defined below) whether 
or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they 
are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group and standards and guidelines 
issued by the European Banking Authority; 
“Banking Reform Package” means (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, (iii) Directive 
(EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures, and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
“BRRD” means the directive 2014/59/EU, as amended, providing for the establishment of an 
EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package). 
“BRRD Implementing Regulations” means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of 16 
November 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from 
time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking 
Reform Package into Italian law). 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended and supplemented. 
“CRD IV” means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measure; 
“CRD IV Directive” means the directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC as amended, supplemented or replaced from 
time to time, including any successor regulations (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
“CRD IV Implementing Measure” means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD 
IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited 
to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank 
of Italy, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable 
to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries (on 
a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a standalone or consolidated 
basis);

--- Page 150 ---
- 148 - 
 
“CRR” means the Regulation No. 575/2013, as amended, of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms amending Regulation No. 648/2012, supplemented or replaced from time to time, 
including any successor regulations (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry 
into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to that term in the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes. 
“Italian Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD (in including, but not limited to, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 
and 181/2015) as amended from time to time, (ii) Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a 
uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or superseded from time to time (the “SRM 
Regulation”) and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to 
which any obligation of a regulated entity (as defined below) (or other affiliate of such regulated 
entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other 
obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
“Luxembourg Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Luxembourg, (i) relating to the transposition of 
the BRRD (including, but not limited to, the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 relative 
aux mesures de résolution, d'assainissement et de liquidation des établissements de crédit et de 
certaines enterprises d'investissement ainsi qu'aux systèmes de garantie des dépôts et 
d'indemnisation des investisseurs, as amended from time to time (the “Luxembourg BRRD 
Law”), (ii) relating to the SRM Regulation or (iii) otherwise arising under Luxembourg law and 
(iv) in each case, the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any 
obligation of a regulated entity or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, 
cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such 
regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period) and any right in a 
contract governing an obligation of a regulated entity may be deemed to have been exercised. 
For this purpose, a reference to a “regulated entity” is to any institution or entity (which includes 
certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their group companies) referred to in 
points (1), (2), (3) or (4) of Article 2(1) of the Luxembourg BRRD Law, and with respect to the 
SRM Regulation to any entity referred to in Article 2 of the SRM Regulation; and 
“Maturity Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Period” means the period from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the 
Maturity Date. 
“Prudential Regulations for Banks” means the Bank of Italy’s Disposizioni di Vigilanza per 
le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, including any successor regulations. 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Instalment 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Redemption Amount or such other amount in the nature 
of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that such 
amount is in any case at least equal to the principal amount of the relevant Note. 
“Regulatory Capital Requirements” means any applicable minimum capital or capital 
requirement specified for banks or financial group by the Relevant Authority.

--- Page 151 ---
- 149 - 
 
“Relevant Authority” means the Bank of Italy or such other governmental authority in the 
Republic of Italy (or other country where the Issuer is then domiciliated) or in the European 
Union having primary responsibility for prudential and resolution oversight and supervision of 
the Issuer and/or the Group from time to time and/or, as the context may require, the “resolution 
authority” or the “competent authority” as defined under BRRD and/or SRM Regulation. 
(b) 
Maturities/Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below in 
accordance with Conditions 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons), 4(d) (Purchases), 
4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 4(g) (Redemption due to Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event), Condition (h) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification 
Event), Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the option of holders of Notes) or Condition 4(j) 
(Redemption by instalments), each Note will be redeemed at its Final Redemption 
Amount on the Maturity Date. 
(ii) 
Senior Non Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of twelve months, 
as provided under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority. 
(iii) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of five years, as provided 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(c) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
Subject to Condition 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), if Redemption for taxation reasons is specified in the Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the holders of Notes (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) (A) has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 (Taxation) 
or (B) has or will become subject to additional amount of national income taxes (and/or, in the 
case of Mediobanca, regional tax on productive activities – IRAP) due to partial or entire 
limitation to the deductibility of any payments under the Notes, in either case as a result of (1) 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Luxembourg or any political 
subdivision thereof or any agency or authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the 
case of payments made by or on behalf of Mediobanca International) or the Republic of Italy or 
any political subdivision thereof or any agency or authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax (in the case of payments made by or on behalf of Mediobanca), or (2) any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, or (3) any judicial decision, 
official administrative pronouncement, published ruling, regulatory procedure, notice or 
announcement (including any notice or announcement of intent to adopt such procedures or 
regulations) (for purposes of this definition, an “Administrative Action”), or (4) any 
clarification of, or change in the official position or the interpretation of such Administrative 
Action or any interpretation or pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such 
Administrative Action that differs from the generally accepted position, in each case by any 
legislative body, court, governmental, administrative or regulatory authority or body, 
irrespective of the manner in which such clarification or change is made known, which change, 
amendment, Administrative Action or clarification becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, 
and (ii) such obligations/limitations under (A) and (B) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
(or the Guarantor, as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it which (x) do 
not require the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) to incur material out-of-pocket 
expenses and (y) would not otherwise be disadvantageous to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as 
determined in their discretion; provided that in the case under (A) above no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer (or 
the Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) then be due. Prior to the

--- Page 152 ---
- 150 - 
 
publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be) stating that such Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of such Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) so to redeem have occurred, and an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that there is more than 
an unsubstantial risk that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) (A) has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts or (B) has or will become subject to additional amount 
of taxes, as indicated above, due to limitation of the deductibility of payments under the Notes 
as a result of such change, amendment, Administrative Action or clarification (the “Tax Event”) 
and provided further that in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of any Tax 
Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent required by the then 
applicable Applicable Banking Regulations, the relevant Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction 
of the Relevant Authority that such Tax Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable 
by such Issuer as at the Issue Date. 
(d) 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), the Issuer, the Guarantor and any of the Guarantor’s subsidiaries 
may purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price provided that all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered 
therewith. Without prejudice to the foregoing, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms the 
Issuer will be entitled to exercise the option to repurchase from the holder(s), at its sole 
discretion, (1) all (but not part of) the Notes of the relevant Series (the “Total Repurchase 
Option”) or (2) on one or more occasions, any portion of the Notes of the relevant Series, 
provided that in such circumstances the amount of the Notes of the relevant Series to be 
purchased from each holder shall be the same proportion that the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes of the relevant Series that are subject to the relevant Partial Purchase Option bears to 
the aggregate principal amount of all the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding prior to 
the exercise of the relevant Partial Purchase Option (the “Partial Repurchase Option”). The 
Total Repurchase Option and the Partial Repurchase Option can only be exercised by the Issuer 
at the date(s) and the price(s) specified in the Final Terms as the Total Repurchase Option date 
or the Partial Repurchase Option date(s) and the Total Repurchase Option amount or Partial 
Repurchase Option amount(s), respectively. Upon exercise of the Total Repurchase Option or 
the Partial Repurchase Option, the holder(s) shall be obliged to sell to the Issuer (or any other 
entity indicated by the Issuer) all the Notes of the Series in relation to which the Total 
Repurchase Option or the Partial Repurchase Option (as the case may be) is exercised. 
(e) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes, Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes for taxation 
reasons, Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes at the Option of the holder, Redemption of 
Zero Coupon Notes at the option of holders of Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 4(e) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer

--- Page 153 ---
- 151 - 
 
Subject to Condition 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), if the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, then the following provisions will apply: 
(1) 
If European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the 
Issuer may, on giving irrevocable prior notice to the holders of Notes, – which notice 
must be received by the holders of Notes no later than the last day of the notice period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms – redeem all or, if “Partial Redemption” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Notes. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall occur on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), together with accrued interest (if any) up to such date, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(2) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the 
Issuer may, at any time during any exercise period specified in the Final Terms (the 
“Exercise Period”), elects to redeem all or, if “Partial Redemption” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Notes, by sending a notice to the 
holders of Notes which notice must be received by such holders no later than the end of 
the relevant Exercise Period. Any such redemption of Notes shall occur on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date at their Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together with 
accrued interest (if any) up to such date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
In the case of a Partial Redemption, the notice to holders of Notes shall also contain the serial 
numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Fiscal 
Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
(g) 
Redemption due to Tier II Notes Disqualification Event  
Subject to Condition 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), if Redemption due to Tier II Notes Disqualification Event is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at any time (if the Subordinated Note is not a Floating 
Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Subordinated Note is a Floating Rate Note), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to 
the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), to the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event with respect 
to the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes, to the holders of the Subordinated Notes. 
A “Tier II Notes Disqualification Event” is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in 
the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations that would be likely to result in their exclusion, in whole or, to the extent permitted 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from Tier II Capital of the Mediobanca Group 
or the relevant Issuer and, in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of a Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent then 
required by the Applicable Banking, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Relevant 
Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to 
the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of 
the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
“Tier II Capital” has the meaning given to it from time to time in the Applicable Banking 
Regulation. 
(h) 
Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event 
Subject to Condition 4(m) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), if Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in

--- Page 154 ---
- 152 - 
 
whole but not in part, at any time (if the Senior Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if the Senior Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices), to the holders of the Senior Notes, upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event with respect to the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or 
Senior Non Preferred Notes (as the case may be). 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer, that as a result of a 
change in Italian and/or EU laws or regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of 
a Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non Preferred Notes, which change was not 
reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the Series, it is likely that all or part 
of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or 
of Senior Non Preferred Notes will be excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet 
the MREL Requirements (however called or defined by then applicable regulations) if the Issuer 
is then subject to such requirements, provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not 
occur where such Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non Preferred Notes is 
excluded on the basis (1) that the remaining maturity of such Senior Preferred Notes and/or 
Senior Non Preferred Notes is less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility 
criteria under the MREL Requirements, or (2) of any applicable limits on the amount of eligible 
liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirements, or (3) such exclusion (in whole 
or in part) is the result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result 
of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer. 
“MREL Requirements” means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-
absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, from time to time 
(including any applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the generality 
of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) 
adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy, a Relevant 
Authority, a relevant resolution authority or the European Banking Authority from time to time 
(whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies are applied generally or specifically 
to the Issuer and/or the Group), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, 
superseded or replaced from time to time. 
(i) 
Redemption at the option of holders of Notes 
This Condition 4(h) applies only to the Senior Notes. 
If the Put Option is specified as being applicable to the Senior Notes in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the following provisions will apply: 
(1) 
If European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the holders of the Senior Notes, redeem all or, if “Partial 
Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Senior 
Notes on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at its Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with accrued interest (if any) up to such date, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. To exercise such option, the holders must deposit such 
Senior Notes with any Paying Agent at its specified office, together with a duly 
completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form of obtainable from 
any Paying Agent; the Exercise Notice must be deposited with such Paying Agent no 
later than the last day of the notice period specified in the relevant Final Terms. No 
Senior Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided 
in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes) without the prior 
consent of the Issuer.

--- Page 155 ---
- 153 - 
 
(2) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the holders of any the Senior Notes, redeem all or, if “Partial 
Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Senior 
Notes on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at its Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with accrued interest (if any) up to such date, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. To exercise such option which may be exercised at any time 
during any exercise period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Exercise 
Period”), the holder must deposit such Senior Notes with any Paying Agent at its 
specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise 
Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent; the Exercise Notice must be 
deposited with such Paying Agent no later than the end of the relevant Exercise Period. 
No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes) without the prior consent 
of the Issuer. 
In the case of a Partial Redemption, the notice to holders of Senior Notes shall also contain the 
serial numbers of the Senior Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place 
as the Fiscal Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
(j) 
Redemption by instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled in accordance with Condition 4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the option of holders 
of Notes), each Note which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be 
partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified on it, whereupon 
the outstanding principal amount of such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount for 
all purposes. 
(k) 
Cancellation 
Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor’s 
subsidiaries (where applicable) may be surrendered for cancellation, by surrendering each such 
Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the 
Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, will, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor (where 
applicable) in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(l) 
Specific Buy Back Provisions  
This Condition 4(l) applies only to the Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca and/or 
Mediobanca International and where Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International are 
specified as Dealers and where the principal amount in respect of such Senior Preferred Note is 
equal to, at least, EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent amount in the Specified Currency). 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon 
the holder of any Senior Preferred Note giving to the Issuer not less than 5 Business Days’ 
notice in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) requesting 
the Issuer to repurchase the Senior Preferred Note before its scheduled maturity, the Issuer may, 
at its sole option, upon the expiry of such notice, repurchase in whole or in part such Senior 
Preferred Note paying an amount that, as acknowledged by the holder, can be less than par and 
is linked to the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions at that moment (calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of the following paragraphs of this Condition 4(l)), together, if 
appropriate, with any accrued but unpaid interest. As specified above, the Issuer has the right, 
in its sole option, to reject the repurchase request and, in particular, if the Issuer never replies to 
the notice, the Issuer is deemed to have rejected the repurchase request.

--- Page 156 ---
- 154 - 
 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the 
event that a holder requests the Issuer to repurchase the Senior Preferred Notes held by it prior 
to their Maturity Date, and the Issuer accepts such repurchasethe Calculation Agent shall, from 
time to time, calculate the buy-back price of such Senior Preferred Notes on the basis of the 
Market Value of the Underlying Transactions (the “Buy Back Price”, without prejudice to the 
Issuer’s obligation to pay the Interest Amounts and the Redemption Amounts on such Senior 
Preferred Notes. 
In addition, if Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall pay an additional remuneration on the Senior Preferred Notes (the 
“Extra-Yield”), as indicated by the relevant Issuer in the “Schedule of specific Buy-Back 
provisions” to be read together with the applicable Final Terms and published by such Issuer on 
the websites specified in the same Final Terms. 
Further information on the composition of the remuneration (unbundling) shall be published by 
each of the Issuers from time to time together with the composition of the Underlying 
Transactions as described this Condition 4(l).  
For the purpose of this Condition 4(l): 
“Buy-Back Price” means the repurchase price of the Senior Preferred Notes to be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions, as 
indicated by the relevant Issuer in the “Schedule of specific Buy-Back provisions” to be read 
together with the applicable Final Terms and published by such Issuer on the websites specified 
in the same Final Terms. 
“Market Value” means the close-out amount of the Underlying Transactions, including the 
relevant bid/ask prices for all the Senior Preferred Notes and for any possible funding 
arrangement and/or coupon swap, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a fair and 
commercially reasonable manner. 
“Underlying Transactions” means any possible funding arrangement and/or coupon swap 
and/or any of the following funded or unfunded arbitrage-like financial transactions: 
(i) 
Cash-CDS Arbitrage; 
(ii) 
Index-Components Arbitrage; and/or 
(iii) 
General Arbitrage, 
where: 
“Cash-CDS Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Cash Instrument + Short (Long): Replicating CDS 
where: 
“Cash Instrument” means any debt obligation (including any obligation issued by the Issuer) 
or basket of debt obligations, under security or loan format, with maturities and notionals that 
can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and aggregate principal 
amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes; 
“Replicating CDS” means a credit default swap transaction having similar maturity and 
principal amount as the Cash Instrument, and having as a reference entity the Cash Instruments 
issuer or the Cash Instrument guarantor (including the Issuer or the Guarantor or the Issuer’s 
parent or the Issuer’s affiliate), or, in the case of Cash Instrument that are asset-backed 
obligations or credit linked obligations, any credit entity or any credit risk embedded in such 
Cash Instrument.

--- Page 157 ---
- 155 - 
 
“Index-Components Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Credit Index + Short (Long): CDS Components 
where: 
“Credit Index” means any of the Markit credit default swaps indices, with maturities and 
notionals that can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, and any successor and/or replacement 
index thereof, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Markit iTraxx® and Markit CDX™ 
indices, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Credit Index 
may also be a portfolio of credit default swap tranches summing up to a full capital structure, 
i.e. summing up to any such Markit credit default swap index. 
“CDS Components” means a basket of single-name credit default swap transactions having 
similar notional, maturity, coupons and reference entity as the components of the Credit Index. 
CDS Components may also be a portfolio of credit default swap tranches having similar 
maturity, aggregate notional, aggregate coupons and aggregate reference entities as the 
components of the Credit Index. 
“General Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Asset Instruments + Short (Long): Replicating Derivatives 
where: 
“Asset Instruments” means any instrument (including funds or obligations, also asset-backed) 
carrying title to, or otherwise linked to credit, rates, equities, commodities,  currencies, emission 
allowances or other marketable assets capable of economic assessment, with maturities and 
notionals that can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes. 
“Replicating Derivatives” means any derivative contract designed to hedge the exposure 
arising from the Asset Instruments, and having as underlying the Asset Instrument itself or any 
of its underlyings. For example: commodity certificate + future (“cash and carry arbitrage”), or 
convertible bond + CDS + equity option (“convertible arbitrage”). 
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion and the relevant composition is subject to change during the life of the 
Preferred Notes. The composition of the Underlying Transactions (including any possible 
funding arrangement and/or coupon swap) shall be published from time to time by Mediobanca 
or Mediobanca International on their website www.mediobanca.com or on the website of the 
Euronext Dublin or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on any other means 
of publication, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(m) 
Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes 
Any redemption of the Senior Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for taxation 
reason), Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition (h) (Redemption due 
to MREL Disqualification Event), any purchase of the Notes in accordance with Condition 4(d) 
(Purchases), or any modification of the Notes in accordance with Conditions 9(a) (Meetings of 
holders of Notes) and 9(c) (Errors or inconsistencies), is subject to, to the extent such Senior 
Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements or, in 
case of a redemption pursuant to Condition (h) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification 
Event), qualified as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements before the 
occurrence of the MREL Disqualification Event, to compliance with the then Applicable 
Banking Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission 
of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following 
conditions is met:

--- Page 158 ---
- 156 - 
 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Senior Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments 
of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its own 
funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in 
the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial 
or full replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary 
to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations for continuing authorization. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior 
Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that 
any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in 
subparagraphs (i) and (ii) of the preceding paragraph. 
Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for 
taxation reason), Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 4(g) 
(Redemption due to Tier II Notes Disqualification Event), any purchase of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 4(d) (Purchases), or any modification of the Notes in accordance 
with Conditions 9(a) (Meetings of holders of Notes) and 9(c) (Errors or inconsistencies), is 
subject to compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including: 
(i) 
the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with Article 77 and 78 of the CRR as amended or replaced from time to time, where 
either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), 
the Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of 
equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; 
or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
its own funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(A) 
in case of redemption for tax reasons in accordance with Condition 4(c) 
(Redemption for taxation reason), the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in tax treatment is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date, or  
(B) 
in the case of redemption upon the occurrence of a Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event in accordance with Condition 4(g) (Redemption due to 
Tier II Notes Disqualification Event), the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the relevant change in the 
regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the 
Issue Date and the Relevant Authority considers such change to be reasonably 
certain; or

--- Page 159 ---
- 157 - 
 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for its income capacity and the Relevant Authority 
has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the Subordinated Notes, 
in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other 
threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may 
be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate 
nominal amount of the Tier II instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure 
that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and 
(B) of sub-paragraph (i) of the preceding paragraph. 
To redeem any Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not constitute an Event of Default 
of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any redemption or 
purchase, Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority (with 
respect to the Senior Non Preferred Notes only), and/or the MREL Requirements (with respect to the 
Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes), or the Applicable Banking Regulations 
(with respect to the Subordinated Notes only) permit the redemption or purchase only after compliance 
with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above in this Condition 4(m), 
the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s). 
5. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
(a) 
Payments outside the United States 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes will, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipts 
are presented for payment together with their relative Notes), Notes (in the case of all other 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest as specified in Condition 5(e)(vi)) or Coupons 
(in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 5(e)(ii)), as the case may be, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the 
currency in which such payment is due drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to 
an account denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that 
currency; provided that in the case of Euro, the transfer may be to a Euro account. 
(b) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in US Dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be 
able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) 
such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payments subject to law, etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation) and (ii) any

--- Page 160 ---
- 158 - 
 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the holders of Notes or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer 
and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and 
the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) 
and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. The 
Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the 
Registrar and to appoint additional or other agents provided that the Issuer will at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one, (iii) 
Paying Agents having a specified office in at least two major European cities (including Ireland 
so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin), and (iv) such other 
agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be 
listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect of any 
Notes denominated in US Dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 5(b) (Payments 
in the United States) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due 
date for redemption of those Notes, Notes should be surrendered for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) will be 
deducted from the Redemption Amount due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon 
within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 7 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If the relevant Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Notes (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note which is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due 
date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Note which provides that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption 
shall be made only against the provisions of such indemnity as the Issuer may require.

--- Page 161 ---
- 159 - 
 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note. Interest accrued on a Note which 
only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 7 (Prescription)). 
(g) 
Non-Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such 
place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall 
not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
In this Condition 5(g): 
“Additional Financial Centre” means the city or the cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
with respect to the Senior Notes: 
(A) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in 
each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(B) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
(ii) 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes: 
(A) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(1) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open 
for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for 
dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(2) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre 
specified in the Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(1) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open 
for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for 
dealings in foreign currencies; and

--- Page 162 ---
- 160 - 
 
(2) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre specified in the Final Terms. 
6. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Gross Up 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons by 
the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee will be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on the account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or any political subdivision thereof or any agency or authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax (in the case of payments made by or on behalf of 
Mediobanca International) or the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any 
agency or authority therein or thereof having power to tax (in the case of payments made by or 
on behalf of Mediobanca), unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental changes is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts in respect of, with regard to the Senior 
Notes not qualifying at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements 
only, principal and interest (if permitted by MREL Requirements), and, with regard to any other 
Notes, interest only (and not in respect of principal) as may be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would have been 
received in respect of the Notes, Receipts or (as the case may be) Coupons, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon or (as the case may be) under the 
Deed of Guarantee: 
(i) 
for or on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Decree No. 239, Legislative Decree 
No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (“Decree No. 461”) or related implementing regulations; 
or in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures of Decree No. 239 
and related implementing rules have not been properly and promptly met or complied 
with (except where due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer, the Guarantor or their 
agents); or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Notes, Receipt or Coupons presented for payment: 
(A) 
by, or on behalf of, a holder who is subject to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by 
reason of its having some connection (otherwise than merely by holding the 
Note, Receipt or Coupon) with (in the case of payments of principal and 
interest under the Senior Notes made by or on behalf of Mediobanca 
International) the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (including taxes imposed by 
the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005) or (in the case of payments of 
principal and interest made by or on behalf of Mediobanca and in respect of 
payments by Mediobanca under the Deed of Guarantee) the Republic of Italy; 
or 
(B) 
in the Republic of Italy (in respect of Notes Receipt or Coupon issued by 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.) or the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (in respect of Notes Receipt or Coupon issued by Mediobanca 
International (Luxembourg) S.A.); or 
(C) 
by, or on behalf of, a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by making a declaration 
or any other statement, including, but not limited to, a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant taxing authority

--- Page 163 ---
- 161 - 
 
or intermediary/paying agent, but has failed to do so properly and promptly; 
or 
(D) 
(in the case of payments of principal and interest made by or on behalf of 
Mediobanca and in respect of payments by Mediobanca under the Deed of 
Guarantee) to a holder who is a non-Italian resident or individual or legal 
entity which is resident in any country not allowing for an adequate exchange 
of information with the Italian tax authorities that is not included in the list 
set by Italian Ministerial Decree 4 September 1996, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented from time to time; or 
(E) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder 
thereof would have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(F) 
with respect to any Notes qualifying as “atypical” securities (titoli “atipici”) 
for Italian tax purposes subject to the regime provided for by Decree No. 512, 
for and on account of any withholding or deduction required by law pursuant 
to such decree, 
without prejudice to the option of the Issuer to redeem the Notes pursuant to, and subject to the 
conditions of, Condition 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons). 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer or (if applicable) the 
Guarantor shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (“FATCA 
Withholding”) as a result of a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent 
of the Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA Withholding. The Issuer or 
(if applicable) the Guarantor will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify an investor for any such FATCA Withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, 
the paying agent or any other party. 
(b) 
Taxing Jurisdiction 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Republic of Italy respectively, 
references in these Conditions to Luxembourg or Italy shall be construed as references to the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or (as the case may be) the Republic of Italy and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means 
the date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the holders of Notes 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt 
or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions 
to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all 
Instalment Amounts, Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 4 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or 
any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 3 (Interest and Other 
Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” 
shall be deemed to include any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 
6.

--- Page 164 ---
- 162 - 
 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) for payment in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons (which, for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become 
void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, the holder of a Note of any Series may give 
written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, 
whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together with accrued interest to the date of 
payment shall become immediately due and payable: 
Winding-up: the Issuer is wound up or dissolved, except for the purposes of, and pursuant to, or in 
connection with, a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, consolidation, 
deconsolidation or disposal of assets. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, “Events of Default” means any of the events listed in this 
Condition 8. 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as specifically provided by this Condition 8 shall be available to 
holders of the Notes or Coupons for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or Coupons. 
9. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF NOTES AND MODIFICATIONS 
(a) 
Meetings of holders of Notes 
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes contains provisions for 
convening meetings of holders of Notes to consider any matter affecting their interest, including 
modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Notes (including these Conditions insofar as 
the same may apply to such Notes). An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting shall be binding on all the holders of Notes, whether present or not and on all relevant 
holders of Coupons, except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend 
the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment 
of interest thereon, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount or an Instalment Amount of, or 
any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in 
respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of 
interest or the basis for calculating the Interest Amount in respect thereof, (iv) if a Minimum 
and/or a Maximum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown in the 
Final Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to change any method of 
calculating the Redemption Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or 
denomination of the Notes, (vii) to modify the provisions contained concerning the quorum 
required at any meeting of holders of Notes or any adjournment thereof or concerning the 
majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, (viii) to modify the provisions which 
would have the effect of giving any authority, direction or sanction which under the Notes is 
required to be given pursuant to a meeting of holders of Notes to which the special quorum 
provisions apply, (ix) to take any steps which as specified in the Final Terms may only be taken 
following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions 
apply or (x) to amend the foregoing exceptions in any manner, will only be binding if passed at 
a meeting of the holders of Notes (or at any adjournment thereof) at which a special quorum 
(provided for in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes) is present. 
(b) 
Modification of Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes 
The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, if to do so could not reasonably be 
expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the holders of Notes.

--- Page 165 ---
- 163 - 
 
(c) 
Errors or inconsistencies 
The Issuer and, with respect to the Senior Preferred Notes only, the Guarantor may, without the 
prior consent of the holders of the Notes correct (i) any manifest and/or material error in the 
Conditions and/or in the Final Terms, (ii) any error of a formal, minor or technical nature in the 
Conditions and/or in the Final Terms or (iii) any inconsistency in the Conditions and/or in the 
Final Terms between the Conditions and/or the Final Terms and any other documents prepared 
in connection with the issue and/or offer of a Series of Notes (provided such correction is not 
materially prejudicial to the holders of the relevant Series of Notes). In addition, pursuant to 
Condition 3(r) (Benchmark replacement), certain changes may be made to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such 
Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. Any such correction shall 
be binding on the holders of the relevant Notes and the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) 
shall cause such correction to be notified to the holders of the Notes as soon as practicable 
thereafter pursuant to Condition 12 (Notices). 
(d) 
Modification following a MREL Disqualification Event 
With respect to the Senior Notes only, if Modification following a MREL Disqualification 
Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, where a MREL Disqualification 
Event has occurred and is continuing and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 14 (Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), 
then the Issuer may, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
modify the terms of the Senior Notes to the extent that such modification is necessary to ensure 
that no such MREL Disqualification Event would exist after such modification or the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 (Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg 
Bail-In Power), provided that, following such modification: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 
(Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), the terms and 
conditions of the Senior Notes, as so modified (the “modified Senior Notes”), are no 
more prejudicial to Noteholders than the terms and conditions applicable to the Senior 
Notes prior to such modification (the “existing Senior Notes”); and 
(ii) 
the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes continues to be 
the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the modified Senior Notes rank at least equal to the existing Senior Notes and feature 
the same tenor, principal amount, interest rates (including applicable margins), interest 
payment dates and redemption rights as the existing Senior Notes; and 
(iv) 
the modified Senior Notes continue to be listed on a regulated market (for the purposes 
of the MiFID II (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended)) of an internationally recognised 
stock exchange as selected by the Issuer (provided that the existing Senior Notes were 
so listed prior to the occurrence of such MREL Disqualification Event), 
and provided further that: 
(a) 
Mediobanca obtains approval of the proposed modification from the Relevant 
Authority (if such approval is required) or gives prior written notice (if such notice is 
required to be given) to the Relevant Authority and, following the expiry of all relevant 
statutory time limits, the Relevant Authority is no longer entitled to object or impose 
changes to the proposed modification; 
(b) 
the modified Senior Notes are assigned the same or higher published and solicited 
rating of the existing Senior Notes in effect at such time (to the extent the existing 
Senior Notes were rated prior to the occurrence of such MREL Disqualification Event);

--- Page 166 ---
- 164 - 
 
(c) 
the modification does not give rise to any right on the part of the Issuer to exercise any 
option to redeem the Senior Notes prior to their stated maturity, without prejudice to 
the provisions under Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer); and 
(d) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, substantially in the form 
shown in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, signed 
by two of the Issuer’s executive officers stating that paragraphs (i) to (iv) and (a) to (c) 
above have been complied with, such certificate to be made available for inspection by 
Noteholders. 
In connection with any modification as indicated in this Condition 9(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes are then listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Modification following a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event or a Tax Event 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes only, if modification following a Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event or a Tax Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
where a Tier II Notes Disqualification Event or a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing 
and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 
(Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), then the Issuer may, without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, modify the terms of the Notes 
to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no such Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event or Tax Event would exist after such modification or the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 14 (Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In 
Power), provided that, following such modification: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 
(Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-In Power), the terms and 
conditions of the Subordinated Notes, as so modified (the “modified Notes”), are no 
more prejudicial to Noteholders than the terms and conditions applicable to the 
Subordinated Notes prior to such modification (the “existing Notes”); and 
(ii) 
the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes continues 
to be the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the modified Subordinated Notes rank at least equal to the existing Subordinated Notes 
and feature the same tenor, principal amount, interest rates (including applicable 
margins), interest payment dates and redemption rights as the existing Subordinated 
Notes; and 
(iv) 
the modified Subordinated Notes continue to be listed on a regulated market (for the 
purposes of the MiFID II (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended)) of an internationally 
recognised stock exchange as selected by the Issuer (provided that the existing Notes 
were so listed prior to the occurrence of such Tier II Notes Disqualification Event or 
Tax Event, as applicable), 
and provided further that: 
(a) 
Mediobanca obtains approval of the proposed modification from the Relevant 
Authority (if such approval is required) or gives prior written notice (if such notice is 
required to be given) to the Relevant Authority and, following the expiry of all relevant 
statutory time limits, the Relevant Authority is no longer entitled to object or impose 
changes to the proposed modification; 
(b) 
the modified Notes are assigned the same or higher published and solicited rating of 
the existing Subordinated Notes in effect at such time (to the extent the existing 
Subordinated Notes were rated prior to the occurrence of such Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event or Tax Event, as applicable);

--- Page 167 ---
- 165 - 
 
(c) 
the modification does not give rise to any right on the part of the Issuer to exercise any 
option to redeem the Subordinated Notes prior to their stated maturity, without 
prejudice to the provisions under Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer); 
(d) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, substantially in the form 
shown in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, signed 
by two of the Issuer’s executive officers stating that paragraphs (i) to (iv) and (a) to (c) 
above have been complied with, such certificate to be made available for inspection by 
Noteholders; and 
(e) 
in the case of any proposed modifications owing to a Tax Event, the Issuer has 
delivered to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Tax Event can be avoided by the proposed modifications. 
In connection with any modification as indicated in this Condition 9(e), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are then 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(f) 
Modification to Notes distributed to a Single Noteholder 
In partial derogation to the provisions of Condition 9(a),(b),(c),(d) and (e) above, in case the 
Notes have been distributed to a single holder (the “Single Holder”), the approval for the 
amendments under Condition 9(e),(b),(c),(d) and (e) above shall be given by the Single Holder 
by way of binding approval letter with prior delivery of the relevant proof of ownership of the 
relevant Note. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or 
such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice 
of whose designation is given to holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, 
for exchange for further Coupons, there will be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
11. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the first payment of interest) and so that the same shall 
be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” 
shall be construed accordingly. 
The Issuer may also from time to time upon not less than 30 days’ prior notice to Noteholders, without 
the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons of any Series, consolidate the Notes with Notes of one or 
more other Series (the “Other Notes”) issued by it, provided the Notes and the Other Notes have been 
redenominated into Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro), and otherwise have, in respect of all 
periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the first payment of interest). Notice of 
any such consolidation will be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). The 
Fiscal Agent shall act as the consolidation agent.

--- Page 168 ---
- 166 - 
 
With effect from their consolidation, the Notes and the Other Notes will (if listed prior to such 
consolidation) be listed on at least one European stock exchange on which either the Notes or the Other 
Notes were listed immediately prior to such consolidation. 
The Issuer shall in dealing with holders of such Notes following a consolidation pursuant to this 
Condition 11 have regard to the interest of the holders and the holders of the Other Notes, taken together 
as a class, and shall treat them alike. 
12. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the holders of Notes will be valid if (i) until such time as any Definitive Notes are issued, the 
notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System(s), for communication by them to the holders of Notes; 
and (ii) if and so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin’s regulated market 
and listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin, the notice is published in accordance with the rules 
and regulations of the Euronext Dublin (which shall include publication in a leading newspaper having 
general circulation in Ireland or on the website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) or on 
the website of the relevant Issuer (www.mediobanca.it or www.mediobancaint.lu) and the Guarantor 
(www.mediobanca.it). If any such publication is not practicable, notice will be validly given if published 
in another leading daily English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to the 
holders of Notes in accordance with this Condition 12. 
13. 
LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the relevant Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with Italian 
law, also in accordance with the provisions of the Rome II Regulation, except in case of Senior 
Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior 
Preferred Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(h) (Redemption due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) and 14 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of 
these Conditions, which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Luxembourgish law. For the avoidance of doubt, articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg 
Company Law shall not apply to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”), 
arising from or connected with the Notes, whether arising out of or in connection with 
contractual or non-contractual obligations. Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any 
right to take proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor 
shall the taking of proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of proceedings 
in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
14. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE ITALIAN / LUXEMBOURG BAIL-IN POWER 
A) Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and without 
prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each holder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 14, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, 
accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise 
may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction 
of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with

--- Page 169 ---
- 167 - 
 
any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation 
thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including 
by means of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation 
of the Notes or the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest 
payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect 
to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an Event of 
Default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant Authority 
in accordance with this Condition 14. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of the Italian Bail-In Power. 
B) Acknowledgment of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power 
The provisions of this Condition 14(B) applies to Senior Preferred Notes only. 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and without 
prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Senior Preferred Notes each holder 
(which, for the purposes of this Condition 14, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Senior 
Preferred Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the 
reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) 
due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect 
of the Senior Preferred Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such 
shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or 
variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Senior Preferred Notes or the principal 
amount in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest 
due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the amendment 
or alteration of the maturity of the Senior Preferred Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Senior Preferred Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect 
to the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an Event 
of Default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant 
Authority in accordance with this Condition 14.

--- Page 170 ---
- 168 - 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of 
the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary 
(in the case of a CGN) or a common safekeeper (in the case of an NGN) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the 
case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each, an “Accountholder”) must look solely to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for 
such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation 
to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long 
as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the 
Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, 
the relevant Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and (in the case of an NGN) effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the 
certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary 
Global to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons, 
Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-fifth day after the 
bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive 
Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has occurred 
and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon

--- Page 171 ---
- 169 - 
 
has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the 
Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the 
principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on such seventh day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) 
on such forty-fifth day (in the case of paragraph (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such due date 
(in the case of paragraph (c) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have 
under the Deeds of Covenant. Under the Deeds of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary 
Global Note will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled 
if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in 
an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the Issuer will give notice of the 
exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes, as the case may be. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and, where applicable, 
with Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the 
bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-fifth day after the 
bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note 
on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg 
time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have 
no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or 
others may have under the Deeds of Covenant). Under the relevant Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled 
to an interest in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the 
holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were 
shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the relevant Issuer will give notice of 
the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes, as the case may be.

--- Page 172 ---
- 170 - 
 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they apply to 
the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of 
any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the relevant Issuer 
in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the 
Global Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure that, in respect of a CGN, the payment is noted on a schedule thereto 
and, in respect of an NGN, the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the option of 
holders of Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the 
option of holders of Notes) of the Italian Law Notes, the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the 
period specified in the relevant Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and Put Option Notice, give written 
notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such 
option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, as the case may 
be, in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal 
amount specified by the relevant Issuer in accordance with the relevant Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed 
will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, at their discretion, as either 
a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, as the case may be, while all the 
Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global 
Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) 
deposited with a depositary, common depositary or common safekeeper (as the case may be) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, notices to Noteholders may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, as the case may be, on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system; provided, however, that, so long as the 
Notes are listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, notices will also be published 
in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or on the website of the Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/).

--- Page 173 ---
- 171 - 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
General Funding and Regulatory Capital 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from each Tranche of Notes will be used 
by the Issuer for its general funding purposes and to improve the regulatory capital structure of the Issuer. 
Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds 
If the Tranche of the Notes to be issued is described as Green Bonds and/or Social Bonds and/or Sustainability 
Bonds, the relevant Final Terms will describe the relevant projects to which the net proceeds of the Tranche of 
Notes will be applied, including by reference to the relevant bond framework and where further details of the 
relevant projects will be available. In accordance with the relevant definition criteria set out by the International 
Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) from time to time: 
(a) 
only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Assets will be denominated “Green 
Bonds”; 
(b) 
only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Social Assets will be denominated “Social 
Bonds”; and 
(c) 
only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Sustainability Assets will be denominated 
“Sustainability Bonds”. 
In the event of a project divestment or if a project no longer meets the eligibility criteria, an amount equal to the 
net proceeds of the “Green Bonds”, “Social Bond” or “Sustainability Bonds” will be used to finance or refinance 
other projects qualifying as Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainability Assets, as the 
case may be. 
Green Bonds 
Eligible Green Assets have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green 
projects set out in the Green Bond Principles published by ICMA. For the purpose of this section, “Eligible Green 
Assets” include projects aimed at addressing the key climate change concerns referred to in the “Mediobanca 
Green 
and 
Sustainable 
Bond 
Framework” 
published 
in 
the 
Mediobanca’s 
website 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/green-social-and-sustainability-bond-
framework.html. 
Social Bonds 
Eligible Social Assets have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for social 
projects set out in the Social Bond Principles published by ICMA. For the purpose of this section, “Eligible Social 
Assets” include projects aimed at providing and/or promoting the social projects referred to in the “Mediobanca 
Green 
and 
Sustainable 
Bond 
Framework” 
published 
in 
the 
Mediobanca’s 
website 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/green-social-and-sustainability-bond-
framework.html. 
Sustainability Bonds 
For the purpose of this section, “Eligible Sustainability Assets” means projects with positive environmental and 
social outcomes, in accordance with the applicable Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by ICMA (involving 
a combination of its Green Bond Principles and Social Bond Principles), as further specified in the “Mediobanca 
Green 
and 
Sustainable 
Bond 
Framework” 
published 
in 
the 
Mediobanca’s 
website 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/green-social-and-sustainability-bond-
framework.html.

--- Page 174 ---
- 172 - 
 
Second-party Opinion 
Where the Final Terms specify that the proceeds to the Notes will be used to finance or refinance Eligible Green 
Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainability Assets (in whole or in part), the Issuer may appoint 
consultants and/or institutions with recognised expertise in environmental sustainability to issue a second-party 
opinion (a “Second-party Opinion”) attesting that the relevant projects have been defined in accordance with the 
broad categorisation of eligibility for those projects set out by ICMA. 
The Final Terms relating to such Notes will specify (to the extent known at the relevant date): 
(i) 
further details of the Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainability Assets 
selected by the Issuer for financing and/or refinancing with the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes; 
(ii) 
where a list of the relevant projects is or will be available for viewing by Noteholders; and 
(iii) 
details of periodic updates, including an updated list of the relevant projects financed and/or refinanced 
with the net proceeds of the Notes, the amounts allocated and their expected impact, any ongoing process 
of verification, information on key performance indicators relating to such projects and where that 
information will be made available for viewing by Noteholders.

--- Page 175 ---
- 173 - 
 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
This section of the Base Prospectus reflects the contents of certain information contained in the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca and the audited non-consolidated annual financial 
statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021. 
History and development of Mediobanca 
Legal status and information 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. was set up on 10 April 1946 by virtue of a notarial deed drawn 
up by Notary public Arturo Lovato, file no. 3041/52378. Mediobanca is a joint stock company incorporated under 
Italian law registered in the Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi Companies’ Register under Registration no. 
00714490158 having its registered office and administrative headquarters in Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia 1, 20121 
Milan, Italy, tel. No.: (0039) 02-88291. The LEI code of Mediobanca is: PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44. 
Mediobanca operates under Italian law, and the court of Milan has jurisdiction over any disputes arising against 
it. At the date hereof, Mediobanca’s issued share capital totals Euro 444,153,715, represented by 849,225,969 
registered shares 
Important events in Mediobanca’s recent history 
Neither Mediobanca nor any company in the Group have carried out transactions that have materially affected or 
that might be reasonably expected to materially affect, Mediobanca’s ability to meet its obligations towards third 
parties. 
On 12 November 2019, the Board of Directors of Mediobanca has approved and published the 2019/2023 strategic 
plan, setting out certain objectives to be achieved within June 2023 (the “Plan Objectives”), based on the growth 
of highly-profitable banking activities and the development of all the Mediobanca Group divisions (Wealth 
Management, Consumer Banking and Corporate & Investment Banking). As at the date hereof, the Plan 
Objectives and strategic targets were generally confirmed.  
Mediobanca has been assigned with the following rating levels: 
Rating 
agency 
Rating 
type 
Short-term 
debt 
Long-term 
debt 
Outlook 
Most recent 
rating action 
S&P’s 
Issuer Credit 
Rating 
(“ICR”) 
A-2 
BBB 
Stable 
29 July 2022 
Fitch Ratings 
Issuer Default 
Rating 
(“IDR”) 
F3 
BBB 
Stable 
17 December 2021 
Moody’s 
Issuer Default 
Rating 
(“IDR”) 
P-2 
Baa1 
Negative 
9 August 2022 
 
Mediobanca will publish updated information on its ratings on its website www.mediobanca.com in the specific 
section www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/rating.html. 
For an explanation of the rating given by S&P please see below the S&P rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of no more than 
one year 
Investment grade 
AAA 
Investment grade 
A-1

--- Page 176 ---
- 174 - 
 
The obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is extremely strong. 
AA 
The obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is very strong. An 
obligation rated 'AA' differs from the highest-rated 
obligations only to a small degree. 
A 
The obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated 
categories. However, the obligor’s capacity to meet 
its financial commitment on the obligation is still 
strong. 
BBB 
The 
obligation exhibits 
adequate protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions 
or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to 
a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. 
The obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is strong. Within this 
category, certain obligations are designated with a plus 
sign (+). This indicates that the obligor’s capacity to 
meet its financial commitment on these obligations is 
extremely strong. 
A-2 
The obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher rating 
categories. However, the obligor’s capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation is satisfactory. 
A-3 
The 
obligation 
exhibits adequate protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a 
weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation. 
(Source: Standard & Poor’s) 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of less than one 
year 
Speculative grade 
BB 
The obligation is less vulnerable to nonpayment than 
other speculative issues. However, it faces major 
ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse 
business, financial, or economic conditions which 
could lead to the obligor’s inadequate capacity to 
meet its financial commitment on the obligation. 
B 
The obligation is more vulnerable to nonpayment than 
obligations rated 'BB', but the obligor currently has 
the capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. Adverse business, financial, or economic 
conditions will likely impair the obligor’s capacity or 
willingness to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. 
CCC 
The obligation is currently vulnerable to nonpayment, 
and is dependent upon favorable business, financial, 
and economic conditions for the obligor to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. In the event 
Speculative grade 
B 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics. The obligor currently has 
the capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation; however, it faces major 
ongoing 
uncertainties which could lead to the obligor’s 
inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitment 
on the obligation. 
B -1 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, but the obligor has a 
relatively stronger capacity to meet its financial 
commitments over the short-term compared to other 
speculative-grade obligors. 
B -2 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, and the obligor has an 
average speculative-grade capacity to meet its

--- Page 177 ---
- 175 - 
 
of adverse business, financial, or economic 
conditions, the obligor is not likely to have the 
capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. 
CC 
The obligation is currently highly vulnerable to 
nonpayment. 
C 
A 'C' rating is assigned to obligations that are 
currently highly vulnerable to 
nonpayment, 
obligations that have payment arrearages allowed by 
the terms of the documents, or obligations of an issuer 
that is the subject of a bankruptcy petition or similar 
action which have not experienced a payment default. 
D 
The obligation is in payment default. The 'D' rating 
category is used when payments on an obligation, 
including a regulatory capital instrument, are not 
made on the date due even if the applicable grace 
period has not expired, unless Standard & Poor’s 
believes that such payments will be made during such 
grace period. 
financial commitments over the short-term compared 
to other speculative-grade obligors. 
B -3 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, and the obligor has a 
relatively weaker capacity to meet its financial 
commitments over the short-term compared to other 
speculative-grade obligors. 
C 
The obligation is currently vulnerable to nonpayment 
and is dependent upon favorable business, financial, 
and economic conditions for the obligor to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. 
D 
The obligation is in payment default. The 'D' rating 
category is used when payments on an obligation, 
including a regulatory capital instrument, are not made 
on the date due even if the applicable grace period has 
not expired, unless Standard & Poor’s believes that 
such payments will be made during such grace period 
NB:  
ratings from “AA” to “CCC” inclusive can be modified by adding the “+” or “-” minus sign to specify the position. 
For an explanation of the rating given by Fitch please see below the Fitch rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of no more than 
one year 
Investment grade 
AAA 
Denote the lowest expectation of default risk. They 
are assigned only in cases of exceptionally strong 
capacity for payment of financial commitments. This 
capacity is highly unlikely to be adversely affected by 
foreseeable events. 
AA 
Denote expectations of very low default risk. They 
indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial 
commitments. This capacity is not significantly 
vulnerable to foreseeable events. 
A 
Denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity 
for payment of financial commitments is considered 
strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more 
Investment grade 
F-1 
Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely 
payment of financial commitments; may have an 
added “+” to denote any exceptionally strong credit 
feature. 
 
F-2 
Good intrinsic capacity for timely payment of 
financial commitments. 
F-3 
The intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial 
commitments is adequate.

--- Page 178 ---
- 176 - 
 
vulnerable to adverse business or economic 
conditions than is the case for higher ratings 
BBB 
Indicate that expectations of default risk are currently 
low. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered adequate but adverse 
business or economic conditions are more likely to 
impair this capacity. 
(Source: Fitch Ratings) 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of less than one 
year 
Speculative grade 
BB 
Indicate an elevated vulnerability to default risk, 
particularly in the event of adverse changes in 
business or economic conditions over time; however, 
business or financial flexibility exists which supports 
the servicing of financial commitments. 
B 
Indicate that material default risk is present, but a 
limited 
margin of safety remains. Financial 
commitments are currently being met; however, 
capacity for continued payment is vulnerable to 
deterioration in the business and economic 
environment. 
CCC 
Default is a real possibility. 
CC 
Default of some kind appears probable. 
C 
Default is imminent or inevitable, or the issuer is in 
standstill. 
RD 
Indicate an issuer that in Fitch Ratings’ opinion has 
entered into bankruptcy filings, administration, 
receivership, liquidation or other formal winding-up 
procedure, or which has otherwise ceased business. 
Speculative grade 
B 
Minimal capacity for timely payment of financial 
commitments, plus heightened vulnerability to near 
term adverse changes in financial and economic 
conditions. 
 
C 
Default is a real possibility. 
 
RD 
Indicates an entity that has defaulted on one or more 
of its financial commitments, although it continues to 
meet other financial obligations. Applicable to entity 
ratings only. 
 
D 
Indicates a broad-based default event for an entity, or 
the default of a short-term obligation.

--- Page 179 ---
- 177 - 
 
For an explanation of the rating given by Moody’s please see below the Moody’s rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than one year 
Aaa 
Obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of credit risk. 
Aa 
Obligations rated Aa are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. 
A 
Obligations rated A are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. 
Baa 
Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may 
possess certain speculative characteristics. 
Ba 
Obligations rated Ba are judged to be speculative and are subject to substantial credit risk. 
B 
Obligations rated B are considered speculative and are subject to high credit risk. 
Caa 
Obligations rated Caa are judged to be speculative of poor standing and are subject to very high credit risk. 
Ca 
Obligations rated Ca are highly speculative and are likely in, or very near, default, with some prospect of 
recovery of principal and interest. 
C 
Obligations rated C are the lowest rated and are typically in default, with little prospect for recovery of principal 
or interest. 
Note: Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates 
that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. Additionally, a “ (hyb)” indicator is appended to all ratings of hybrid 
securities issued by banks, insurers, finance companies, and securities firms. 
(Source: Moody’s) 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (formerly, Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Italy S.r.l.) ("S&P"), 
Fitch Ratings ("Fitch") and Moody’s France S.A.S. ("Moody's") are credit rating agencies which are established 
in the European Community and have been registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
subsequently amended and supplemented) (the "CRA"). As such, S&P, Fitch and Moody's are included in the 
latest list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA – see www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/creditrating-agencies/risk.

--- Page 180 ---
- 178 - 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Principal categories of products sold and/or services provided 
As provided in Article 3 of the company’s Articles of Association, the purpose of the company is to raise funds 
and provide credit in any of the forms permitted, especially medium- and long-term credit to corporates. 
In complying with the regulatory provisions in force, the company may perform all banking, financial and 
brokerage operations and services, and any other operation instrumental or otherwise related to the achievement 
of its corporate purpose. 
The Mediobanca Group’s activities are segmented as follows: 
• 
Wealth Management (WM): this division brings together all asset management activities provided to 
clients in the following segments: 
• 
Premier, served by CheBanca!; 
• 
Private & HNWI, served in Italy by Mediobanca Private Banking, and in the Principality of 
Monaco by CMB Monaco, including fiduciary activities performed by Spafid, Spafid Family 
Office SIM and Spafid Trust; 
• 
Asset Management, the principal entities in which are the product factories Cairn Capital 
(Alternative AM), RAM Active Investments (Alternative AM), Mediobanca Management 
Company, Mediobanca SGR, and, since September 2021, also Bybrook Capital LLP, an 
alternative asset manager focused on the European distressed market. 
• 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB): this division brings together all services provided to 
corporate clients: 
• 
Wholesale Banking (WB): Client Business (lending, advisory, and capital market activities) and 
proprietary trading performed by Mediobanca, Mediobanca International, Mediobanca 
Securities and Messier & Associés; 
• 
Specialty Finance, which includes factoring and credit management for third parties only, 
performed by MBCredit Solutions and MBContact Solutions. A gradual and orderly disposal 
procedure for the NPL portfolio acquisition business has been launched, and the authorizations 
to transfer these activities to Revalea, a newly-incorporated company set up by Compass, are 
still pending; as from FY 2022-23 all NPL management activity has been transferred to the 
Holding Functions division. 
• 
Consumer Banking (CB): this division provides retail clients with the full range of consumer credit 
products, ranging from personal loans to salary-backed finance (Compass). This division also includes 
Compass RE, which reinsures the risks linked to insurance policies sold to cilents, Compass Rent, which 
provides finance for hiring moveable assets (used cars in particular), and  Compass Link (network of 
agents); 
• 
Insurance - Principal Investing (PI): this division administers the Group’s portfolio of equity 
investments and holdings, in particular the shareholding in Assicurazioni Generali; 
• 
Holding Functions: this division comprises SelmaBipiemme Leasing and NPL management activity for 
the portfolios acquired (previously this activity was performed by MBCredit Solutions but has now been 
transferred to the Holding Functions), MIS, Spafid Connect and Ricerche e Studi, plus the share of the 
costs of the central Group functions such as Group Treasury and ALM (with the aim of minimizing the 
cost of funding and optimizing liquidity management on a consolidated basis, including the securities 
held as part of the banking book2), and the cost of the central Group functions, including operations, 
                                                             
2 Group Treasury finances the individual business areas, applying funds transfer pricing rates (FTP curve) with different spreads depending 
on the expiry date for the various uses.

--- Page 181 ---
- 179 - 
 
support units (Planning and Financial Reporting, Corporate Affairs, Investor Relations, etc.), senior 
management and the control units (Risk Management, Group Audit and Compliance) not attributable to 
the business lines. As from FY 2022-23, NPL portfolio management activity will also be included among 
the Holding Functions. 
As at 30 June 2022, Mediobanca had a market capitalization of approximately €7 billion.  
Affluent & Premier – CheBanca! 
Mediobanca operates in wealth management with Affluent & Premier clients through its subsidiary CheBanca!. 
This subsidiary, launched in 2008, effectively served as retail deposit gatherer for the Mediobanca Group 
throughout the financial crisis. Since 2016 it has developed a distribution model based on strong investments in 
technology and innovation and an advisory-based approach which has enabled the company to become a 
recognized, high-growth operator in its reference market, with client TFAs which currently total €33.9 billion. 
Today CheBanca! is distinguished by its: 
• 
High brand recognition; 
• 
Effective, innovative multi-channel distribution (internet, 207 own branches/POS, 516 FAs and 507 
relationship managers); 
• 
Substantial customer base (approximately 895,000 clients); 
• 
Strong commercial results: €17.5 billion in deposits, €16.7 billion in AUM, and a loan book of €11.4 billion 
in mortgage lending. 
At 30 June 2022, the company employed a total of 1,489 staff. 
Private & HNWIs 
The product/service offering to clients is split between: 
• 
MB Private Banking offers private banking services through its 91 bankers and 10 branch offices, 
working to help develop asset management activities in synergy with the mid-cap platform. The 
Mediobanca Private Banking product offering for high net worth clients includes portfolio management, 
advisory and financing services. Independence, operational autonomy, focus on private investment 
banking activities, and excellence and quality of service, are the hallmarks of a bank which has 
approximately €18 billion in in assets under management at its branches in Bergamo, Bologna, Brescia, 
Florence, Genoa, Milan, Padua, Rome, Turin and Treviso. 
• 
CMB Monaco ("CMB") is 100%-owned by Mediobanca. CMB, a market leader in the private banking 
sector in the Principality of Monaco, has assets under management of approximately €12 billion. Its 
geographical position, indepth knowledge of markets and absolute independence make it a player of 
primary importance, able to provide exclusive services to its clientèle, ranging from loans to asset 
management. 
• 
Spafid, 100%-owned by Mediobanca, this company provides fiduciary administration services for equity 
investments, stock market investments and fiduciary services for issuers. 
MB Asset Management 
The product factories forming part of the Wealth Management division include Cairn Capital, RAM, Mediobanca 
SGR and Bybrook Capital. 
• 
Cairn Capital, a 51% stake in which was completed in December 2015 (the percentage stake currently 
owned is 85.1%), is an asset manager and advisor based in London, specializing in credit products. In 
September 2021 Cairn Capital expanded its product offering in the alternative credit segment through the 
acquisition of Bybrook Capital, an asset manager specializing in distressed credit based in London.

--- Page 182 ---
- 180 - 
 
• 
RAM AI, a 69% stake in which was acquired in March 2018 (the percentage is now 94.7%), is one of the 
leading European systematic asset managers, offering a wide selection of alternative funds to a vast range 
of institutional and professional investors. 
• 
Mediobanca SGR, set up in 2017 following the merger of Banca Esperia into Mediobanca S.p.A., plays 
a key role in defining investment strategies and developing innovative products for the Group’s networks. 
Consumer Credit – Compass Banca (Compass) 
Mediobanca has operated in the consumer credit sector since the 1960s through its subsidiary Compass. Compass 
today is one of the leading consumer credit operators on the Italian market, with a market share of approximately 
10%, a share that rises to 13% in the personal loans segment. 
Compass offers products (including personal loans, special purpose loans for acquisition of consumer durable 
goods, credit cards and salary-backed finance), using a highly diversified distribution network consisting of 181 
own branches, branches run by agents (65) and Compass Quinto branches (57), distribution agreements with 
banking partners and retailers (including BancoPosta). 
In the financial year ended 30 June 2022, Compass reported a loan book of approximately €13,8 billion and a 
headcount of 1,454 staff. 
Wholesale Banking 
Mediobanca seeks to provide its corporate clients with advisory services and financial services to help them grow 
and develop. 
The Wholesale Banking Division is divided into Client Business and Proprietary Trading. Client Business 
includes three different areas: Investment Banking, Debt Division, and Market Division. 
1. 
Investment Banking 
Corporate finance 
Mediobanca is a leader in Italy, and has an increasingly significant role at the European level in financial advisory 
services through its branch offices in London, Paris and Madrid, and through Messier & Associés, in which it 
holds an 83.1% stake. A client-based approach is adopted, backed by indepth knowledge of the financial issues 
and a consolidated track record in executing deals. The operating unit is organized into different industry teams 
covering individual industries to provide more effective specialization. 
Corporate finance is structured into the following activities: 
• 
Defining strategic objectives for companies and identifying extraordinary financing transactions in order 
to help meet them; 
• 
Extraordinary financing transactions: mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and partnerships, disposals 
and spinoffs; 
• 
Liability restructuring: earnings/financial analysis of companies/groups undergoing restructuring; working 
out financial rebalancing scenarios; negotiating with key creditors; 
• 
Corporate restructuring: LBOs, MBOs, spinoffs and tax-/inheritance-related issues; 
• 
Company valuations, on a standalone basis and for purposes of setting exchange ratios; 
• 
Relations with authorities: assistance in handling relations with market authorities, primarily Consob and 
Borsa Italiana. 
Messier & Associés

--- Page 183 ---
- 181 - 
 
Founded at the end of 2010, Messier & Associés is now one of the three leading corporate finance boutiques in 
France, with a loyal client base at both national and international level. 
Messiers & Associés specializes in M&A advisory services, which it provides to large and mid-cap clients, and 
in financial sponsors activity. The company also performs debt and capital advisory and debt restructuring 
activities. Headquartered in Paris, it has offices in New York and employs around 40 staff. 
2. 
Equity capital markets 
Mediobanca is the Italian leader and has a role of increasing importance internationally in structuring, co-
ordinating and executing equity capital markets transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, secondary offerings and 
ABOs, and bonds convertible into equity solutions (equity derivatives to manage investments and treasury shares): 
this unit structures and implements extraordinary financing transactions involving equity investments and treasury 
shares; using a dedicated trading platform, the team offers customers innovative, high value-added solutions, and 
also handles any legal, accounting, tax and regulatory issues. 
Debt Division 
Lending & Structured Finance 
The Financing teams serve Mediobanca’s Italian and international customers, through the branch offices located 
in Paris, London and Madrid, offering: 
• 
Advice in evaluating possible capital structures and financing solutions available from among a vast 
series of debt products, including considering possible implications in terms of rating; 
• 
Structuring and executing lending transactions; 
• 
Access to the international syndicated loans market; 
• 
Facility and security agent services for corporate and structured lending transactions. 
The principal Lending & Structured Finance area products are: 
• 
Corporate lending (bilateral loans, club deals and syndicated loans): corporate loans aimed at supporting 
customers’ financial requirements generated by investments or related to their companies’ growth; the 
financial solutions offered are aimed primarily at medium-/large-sized firms operating on domestic and 
international markets, in industrial and service-based sectors. 
• 
Structured finance (acquisition finance, loans for LBOs/MBOs, project finance, infrastructure finance, 
real estate finance): financial support to corporate counterparties and institutional investors as part of 
leveraged transactions to acquire stakes in listed and unlisted companies; a wide range of lending 
transactions are developed, arranged, structured, underwritten and executed based on complex structures, 
and because of their size these are often syndicated on the international market. On the back of its solid 
track record in various sectors, customers are provided with advisory services covering the entire process 
of structuring deals to support investment and infrastructure or industrial projects, including offering 
strategies, selection of the most effective debt instruments, hedging strategies, financial modelling and 
structuring contracts. 
Mediobanca International 
Mediobanca International is mainly focused on lending operations to companies in the following forms: corporate 
lending (bilateral loans, club deals, and syndicated facilities) and structured finance (acquisition finance, 
LBO/MBO loans, project finance, infrastructure finance, real estate finance). These uses are financed from 
funding raised on international markets via specific programmes (Notes, Structured Notes, Certificates, Warrants, 
Euro Commercial Tradable Papers, Euro Commercial Papers), short- and medium-term, mostly guaranteed by 
parent company Mediobanca S.p.A. 
3. 
Debt capital market

--- Page 184 ---
- 182 - 
 
The debt capital market team manages the origination, structuring, execution and placement of bond issues 
(corporates and financials), covered bonds, and securitizations, seeking to meet its clients’ needs for financing. 
Market division 
Mediobanca operates on the secondary markets, trading equities and fixed-income securities, foreign exchange 
products and credit risk, interest rate and exchange rate derivatives. The division’s activities are divided into the 
following areas: 
• 
CMS: this area structures solutions based on interest rates, credit and alternative products; it targets 
corporate clients, banks and institutional investors who need to restructure their investment portfolios, 
increase asset liquidity and diversify their sources of funding. Advisory services and structuring ad hoc 
solutions for alternative investments targets institutional investors; 
• 
Equity derivatives institutional marketing: a range of equity-linked investments are offered to banks, 
insurances, asset managers and family offices, from synthetic replications of simple underlying assets to 
sophisticated protection mechanisms and solutions for increasing the return on portfolios, funded or 
unfunded; 
• 
MB Securities: this is Mediobanca’s equity brokerage division, offering global access to equity markets 
and research on the Italian market (over 100 companies are covered), plus a pan-European focus on the 
financials sector (banks and insurances); a dedicated team also offers corporate broking services. 
4. 
Proprietary Trading 
Proprietary trading is carried out by two units: 
• 
Trading portfolio (HFT Credit, HFT Fixed income, xVA, Global Macro): responsible for trading 
bond portfolios and centralized management Cross Value Adjustments, providing support to both 
Strategic Portfolio & ALM and to the other Group legal entities; 
• 
Equity & Derivatives Trading: responsible for the Bank’s trading activities in various equity market 
products (equities and derivatives). 
5. 
Specialty Finance 
Specialty Finance activities include managing and financing credit and working capital. Factoring activities are 
managed by MBFACTA and credit management operations by MBCredit Solutions. 
• 
MBCredit Solutions has for many years performed credit recovery activities (on behalf of the Group 
companies and third parties) and NPL portfolio acquisitions. 
• 
MBFACTA provides trade receivables sale and discount services (with and without recourse, maturity, 
supply credit) to refinance corporate working capital. As well as the financial benefits, this service can 
also include an insurance component (guarantee against insolvency or delays in payments) and/or a 
management component (portfolio management, accounting, collection and recovery). The factoring 
platform’s factoring offering will be tailored specifically to developing the Mid Corporate segment in 
synergy with the other services offered by CIB to this category of firm. 
Principal investing 
The Principal Investing division consists primarily of the Bank’s investment in Assicurazioni Generali, which is 
consolidated using the equity method. The value option which the investment represents for the Group is in terms 
of available, liquid resources that can be activated in the event of growth acquisitions materializing. 
Principal Investing also includes the funds invested by the Mediobanca Group in the seed capital of the alternative 
funds managed by the asset management companies. 
Company 
Sector 
%  of share capital 
Book value as at 30/6/22

--- Page 185 ---
- 183 - 
 
€m 
Assicurazioni Generali  
Insurance 
12.83% 
3,069.4 
 
Leasing 
Mediobanca owns a direct 60% stake in SelmaBipiemme Leasing, with the other 40% held by the Banca Popolare 
di Milano. The group operates in financial leasing. 
Treasury 
The Group’s Treasury and ALM units are centralized at parent company level with the objective of optimizing 
funding and liquidity management. The Group Funding unit is responsible for the Group’s funding, raised in all 
technical forms ranging from deposits to debt securities to financing. With regard to the issuance of securities, the 
Group Funding Unit is responsible for structuring, issuing and placing debt products, the proceeds from which 
are used to finance the Bank’s activities. Funding operations take the form primarily of the issuance of securities, 
both plain vanilla and structured. Securities are placed with retail investors through public offerings (implemented 
via the Wealth Management division companies’ proprietary network), through individual third-party banking 
networks (either on an exclusive basis or via groups of banks operating as syndicates), and direct sales on the 
MOT bond market operated by Borsa Italiana. Demand from institutional investors is met via public offerings of 
securities on the Euromarket and by private placements of bespoke products tailored to meet the investor’s specific 
requirements. 
New products or new activities 
Without prejudice to the contents hereof (section 5.1), no significant new products and/or services have been 
introduced that are worth being recorded or disclosed publicly. 
Principal markets 
The Mediobanca Group’s activities are principally focused on the domestic market (from a geographical 
standpoint Italy accounts for approximately 80% of the Group’s loan book). In particular: 
• 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB): in WB, half the revenues and loan book is originated by the Italian 
market, the other half by other countries (notably France, Spain and the United Kingdom); while Specialty 
Finance activities are focused on the domestic Italian market. The division employs some 650 staff, around 
145 of whom are based outside Italy; 
• 
Consumer Banking: activities focus exclusively on the Italian market, and employ approximately 1,454 
staff at 203 branches/agencies; 
• 
Wealth Management (WM): this division’s activity is focused primarily on the Italian market, with the 
exception of CMB (which operates in the Principality of Monaco), RAM AI (which operates throughout 
Europe from its headquarters in Switzerland), and Cairn Capital (which operates in the United Kingdom); 
and employs 2,104 staff, with approximately 1,200 FAs/relationship managers, and over 200 
branches/financial shops; 
• 
Leasing activities chiefly target the domestic market. 
The agreement on future relations between the United Kingdom and the European Union was signed on 30 
December 2020, ratified by the European Parliament in April 2021, even though it had already been applied 
provisionally from 1 January 2021 as authorized by the European Council. For financial services, the agreement 
does not provide for any broader reciprocal access to markets than the agreements which the EU has entered into 
with other commercial partners. At the end of March 2021, the EU and the United Kingdom executed a 
Memorandum of Understanding establishing a framework for Financial Services Regulatory Co-operation, which 
does not replace the banking and financial services passporting arrangements.

--- Page 186 ---
- 184 - 
 
Mediobanca currently operates in the United Kingdom, both at its London branch office and cross-border, under 
the Temporary Permissions Regime (TPR) permitted by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), which allows 
the Bank to continue to perform its current activities as though it were formally authorized. The FCA has asked 
Mediobanca to start the formal process in order to receive its own authorization to operate in the United Kingdom 
as a third country branch from the Financial Conduct Authority by June 2022. Mediobanca has also undertaken a 
series of initiatives, in accordance with the ECB guidance, to address the issue of no longer being allowed to serve 
EU clients from the United Kingdom. These have included transferring some front office staff members (including 
some considered as key function holders) from the London branch offices to other offices located within the EU 
(15 in total in the course of 2020). There are still some areas of uncertainty, however, regarding the application of 
some of the market regulations (e.g. on shares/derivatives trading obligations), for which specific solutions have 
been adopted in order to ensure that the new rules are complied with. The total number of staff employed by the 
London branch, which was 89 as at 30 June 2020, had declined to 73 at 30 June 2022. It should be emphasized 
that the Group’s activities in the United Kingdom continue to be relatively minor (accounting for approximately 
3% of its total revenues).  
As far as regards UK-based Group company Cairn Capital (“Cairn”), the company has delegated management of 
its funds to an Ireland-based fund manager (Carne Global Fund Managers Ireland Limited), which in turn has sub-
delegated management back to Cairn itself. Cairn will therefore continue to handle the investment strategies and 
portfolio management for the funds. The marketing activity for the funds, though, will be performed by a company 
in the process of being set up to be owned by Cairn. 
Basis of any statement made by the Issuers in the Base Prospectus regarding their competitive position 
The Base Prospectus contains no statement by the Issuers regarding their competitive position. 
Mediobanca Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework 
Mediobanca “Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework” (the “Mediobanca Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework”) has been established according to the Green Bond Principles (2021), the 
Social Bond Principles (2021) and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (2021), which are overseen by the 
International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”). The Mediobanca Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework sets out rules and procedures to identify eligible projects and initiatives, aligned with best market 
practices, aiming at full transparency and quality of Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds issued. 
The Mediobanca Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is presented through the following key pillars: 
1. use of proceeds 
2. project evaluation and selection 
3. management of proceeds 
4. reporting 
5. external review 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds (as 
applicable) issued under this Base Prospectus and in accordance with the Mediobanca Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework will serve to finance and/or refinance green, social and sustainability assets 
belonging to the following categories (together, the “Eligible Categories”): 
• 
Renewable energies: projects related to the generation of energy, including connection to the grid and 
transportation, from certain renewable sources, as specified in the Mediobanca Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework; 
• 
Energy efficiency: financing projects and infrastructures or the purchase of equipment featuring 
improved efficiency in energy usage; 
• 
Sustainable mobility: financing projects related to the manufacture of low carbon technologies for 
transport and operation of personal mobility devices and cycle logistics;

--- Page 187 ---
- 185 - 
 
• 
Green and energy efficient buildings: financing – including retail mortgages – or refinancing for 
construction, purchasing, development and renovation of residential and commercial buildings; 
• 
Circular economy & Pollution prevention and control: projects contributing to the development of a 
circular economy; 
• 
Environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources: loans to borrowers with high 
level sustainability criteria in the forestry sector; 
• 
Sustainable water: projects dedicated to and aimed at improving water treatment, collection and 
distribution, centralised or for retail usage; 
• 
SME financing and social and economic advancement: projects dedicated to support employment, 
reduce social exclusion and inequalities 
The list of Eligible Categories may be extended, with new ones added to the Mediobanca Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework, subject to external review. Mediobanca reviews the validity of the Mediobanca 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework annually, considering the development and progress made in 
all the areas tackled by environmental and sustainable best practices and upcoming regulations. The Mediobanca 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework updates will also be consistent with Mediobanca’s lending 
strategy and internal policies with respect to its ESG goals.  
The pool of assets falling within the Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets and/or Eligible Sustainability 
Assets will be approved and evaluated by an internal committee of Mediobanca (the “Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Committee”). The Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Committee will also be 
responsible for, inter alia, monitoring such pools and updating and maintaining the Mediobanca Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework (as mentioned above). 
Furthermore, to ensure the transparency and soundness of the Mediobanca Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework, Mediobanca has obtained independent verification from a second opinion provider which will assess 
and assist on sustainability profiles, performance and coherence with the ICMA’s Green Bond Principles (2021), 
Social Bond Principles (2021) and Sustainability Bond Guidelines (2021). 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds can be issued as different debt instruments, including public 
or private placements, Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes in various 
formats and currencies. Further details will be provided in the applicable documentation related to the specific 
transaction. 
The Mediobanca Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, as well as any future updates, will apply to 
any Green Bond, Social Bond and/or Sustainability Bond issued by the relevant Issuer as long as any such 
instrument is still outstanding.

--- Page 188 ---
- 186 - 
 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Description of organizational structure of group headed up by Mediobanca 
Mediobanca is the parent company of the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
The Mediobanca Group is registered as a banking group in the register instituted by the Bank of Italy. 
The following diagram illustrates the structure of the Mediobanca Group as at the date hereof.

--- Page 189 ---
- 187 -

--- Page 190 ---
- 188 - 
 
Subsidiaries and main investee companies 
A list of the main Group companies included in the area of consolidation for the consolidated financial statements 
as at the date of this document is shown below: 
Group Companies 
Company Name 
Headquarters 
% ownership 
Type of investment 
COMPASS Banca S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
CHEBANCA! S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
SELMABIPIEMME LEASING S.p.A. 
Italy 
60% 
(dir) 
CMB Monaco S.A. 
Principality of Monaco 
99,998% 
(dir) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A.* 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir) 
SPAFID S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
SPAFID TRUST S.r.l. 
Italy 
100%1 
(indir) 
SPAFID CONNECT S.p.A. 
Italy 
100%2 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA SECURITIES USA LLC 
United States of America 
100% 
(dir) 
MEDIOBANCA SGR S.p.A. 
Italy 
100%  
(dir) 
MEDIOBANCA MANAGEMENT COMPANY S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir) 
MBCREDIT SOLUTIONS S.p.A. 
Italy 
100%3 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA INNOVATION SERVICES S.c.p.A 
Italy 
99,9% 
(dir) 
MBFACTA S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
QUARZO S.r.l. 
Italy 
90%3 
(indir) 
QUARZO CQS S.r.l. 
Italy 
90%3 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA COVERED BONd S.r.l. 
Italy 
90%4 
(indir) 
CMB ASSET MANAGEMENT S.A.M. 
Principality of Monaco 
99,50%5 
(indir) 
CMG MONACO S.A.M. 
Principality of Monaco 
99,92%5 
(indir) 
COMPASS RE S.A.** 
Luxembourg 
100%3 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL IMMOBILIERE S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100%6 
(indir) 
CAIRN CAPITAL GROUP Ltd. 
United Kingdom 
64,67%*** 
(dir) 
CAIRN CAPITAL Ltd. 
United Kingdom 
64,67%7*** 
(indir) 
CAIRN CAPITAL NORTH AMERICA Inc.  
United States of America 
64,67%7*** 
(indir) 
 
 
 
 
CAIRN CAPITAL INVESTMENTS Ltd.(inoperative) 
United Kingdom 
64,67%7*** 
(indir) 
CAIRN INVESTMENTS MANAGERS Ltd. (inoperative) 
United Kingdom 
64,67%7*** 
(indir) 
MB FUNDING LUX S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir) 
SPAFID FAMILY OFFICE SIM S.p.A. 
Italy 
100%1 
(indir) 
RAM ACTIVE INVESTMENTS S.A. 
Switzerland 
91,70**** 
(dir) 
RAM ACTIVE INVESTMENTS (EUROPE)  
Luxembourg 
91,70%8**** 
(ind) 
MESSIER & ASSOCIES S.A.S. 
France 
79,66%***** 
(dir) 
MESSIER & ASSOCIES LLC. 
United States of America 
50%9***** 
(indir) 
MBCONTACT SOLUTIONS S.r.l.**  
Italy 
100%10 
(indir) 
COMPASS RENT S.r.l.** 
Italy 
100%3 
(indir) 
COMPASS LINK s.r.l. 
Italy 
100%3 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Ltd. 
Grand Cayman  
64,67%7 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL LLP 
United States of America 
64,67%11 
(indir) 
                                                             
1 Investment held by Spafid S.p.A. 
2 Investment held by MIS S.c.p.A. 
3 Investment held by Compass Banca S.p.A. 
4 Investment held by CheBanca! S.p.A. 
5 Investment held by CMB S.A. 
6 Investment held by Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A.  
7 Investment held by Cairn Capital Group Ltd. 
8 Investment held by RAM Active Investments S.A. 
9 Investment held by Messier & Associes S.A.S. 
10 Investment held by MBCredit Solutions S.p.A.

--- Page 191 ---
- 189 - 
 
BYBROOK CAPITAL SERVICES Ltd 
United Kingdom 
64,67%12 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL BADMINTON FUND Ltd 
Grand Cayman 
64,67%12 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL BURTON PARTNERSHIP Ltd 
Grand Cayman 
64,67%12 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL FUND Ltd 
Grand Cayman 
64,67%12 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL LLC. 
United States of America 
64,67%12 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL LP 
United States of America 
64,67%13 
(indir) 
CMB REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT S.A.M. 
Principality of Monaco 
100%14 
(dir/indir) 
REVALEA S.p.A. (inoperative)15 
Italy 
100%3 
(indir) 
RAM ACTIVE INVESTMENTS UK** (inoperative) 
United Kingdom 
91,708 
(indir) 
 
11 Investment held by Bybrook Capital Services Ltd 
12 Investment held by Bybrook Management Services Ltd 
13 Investment held by Bybrook Capital LLC 
14 Investment as to 60% held by CMB Monaco and as to 40% by Mediobanca 
15 In attesa di ricevere l’autorizzazione all’iscrizione all’albo dei 106 
* Of which 1% owned by Compass. 
**These companies do not form part of the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
*** Consolidated percentage rises to 89.07% including the put-and-call options taken out in conjunction with the acquisition. 
**** Consolidated percentage rises to 98.3% including the put-and-call options taken out in conjunction with the acquisition. 
***** Consolidated percentage rises to 100% including the put-and-call options taken out in conjunction with the acquisition. 
 
 
Forecasts or estimates of profits 
No profit forecasts or estimates have been made in the Base Prospectus. 
Information on recent trends 
No material adverse changes have taken place in Mediobanca’s or the Group’s prospects since the consolidated 
financial statements as at 30 June 2022. 
No material adverse changes have taken place in the financial results of Mediobanca and the Mediobanca Group 
since the most recent consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2022. 
Information on trends, uncertainties, requests, commitments or known facts which could reasonably be 
expected to have material repercussions on the Issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial year 
Mediobanca is not aware of any information on trends, uncertainties, requests, commitments or facts known which 
could reasonably have significant repercussions on Mediobanca’s prospects for the current financial year. 
A deterioration in the medical situation due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the removal of government support 
measures, the ineffectiveness of the vaccination plan, as well as the evolution of virus variants, could impact 
further on the economic, social and financial situation in Italy and hence on the credit quality, capitalization and 
earnings of the Issuer which operates primarily on the Italian market. 
Mediobanca is committed to executing the strategic and operating guidelines of its 2019-23 Strategic Plan, 
confirming the intention to optimize capital, with the objective of restoring the CET1 ratio to 13.5% by end-June 
2023, including through share buybacks and acquisitions to strengthen the business lines. 
BODIES RESPONSIBLE FOR GOVERNANCE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISION  
Information on bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision 
Information on the Bank’s bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision is provided below, as 
updated following the Annual General Meeting held on 28 October 2020. 
Changes in the composition of the governing bodies and other information related to them are published from 
time to time on the Issuer’s website in the relevant section https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-
governance/index.html, without prejudice to the obligations set out under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Board of Directors

--- Page 192 ---
- 190 - 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors, appointed on 28 October 2020 for the 2021, 2022 
and 2023 financial years until the date on which the financial statements as at 30 June 2023 will be approved, is 
made up of fifteen members, eleven of whom qualify as independent under Article 148, paragraph 3 of Italian 
Legislative Decree 58/98, eight of which eleven also qualify as independent under Article 19 of the company’s 
Articles of Association (the requisites for which definition are substantially aligned with those of the voluntary 
code of corporate governance issued by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the “Code of Conduct”) in respect of listed 
companies). Its composition also reflects the legal requirements in terms of gender balance. 
Composition of Board of Directors 
Name 
Post held 
Place and 
date  
of birth 
Term of 
office expires 
 
Independence 
Principal activities performed outside the 
Issuer 
Renato Pagliaro2 Chairman 
Milan, 20/2/57 
28/10/23 
 
 
Maurizia Angelo 
Comneno1 
Deputy 
Chair 
Rome, 18/6/48 
28/10/23 
b) 
- 
Alberto 
Nagel1,2 
CEO 
Milan, 7/6/65 
28/10/23 
 
- 
Virginie Banet 
Director 
Neuilly sur Seine 
18/01/66 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Chairperson, Iolite  
Financial Consulting;  
Director, Netgem  
Director, Lagardère 
Francesco 
Saverio Vinci1,2 
Group 
General 
Manager 
 
Milan, 10/11/62 
28/10/23 
 
- 
Maurizio 
Carfagna 
Director 
Milan, 13/11/47 
28/10/23 
a)  
b) 
Director, FingProg Italia  
Director, Futura Invest 
Director, Istituto Europeo di Oncologia 
Laura Cioli 
Director 
Macerata 10/07/63 28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
CEO, Sirti 
 
Director Sofina 
 
Maurizio Costa 
Director 
Pavia, 29/10/ 48 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Amplifon 
Angela Gamba 
Director 
Palazzolo sull'Oglio 
(BS), 15/8/70 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Edison 
Director, FPS Investments S.r.l. 
Director, Medical Technology and Devices 
SA 
Valérie 
Hortefeux 
Director 
Aulnay 
(France), 
14/12/67 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Socfinasia 
Director, Financière de L’Odet  
Maximo Ibarra 
Director 
Calì 
(Colombia), 
13/12/68 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
CEO, Engineering Engineering Ingegneria 
Informatica, Chairman and CEO, 
Engineering D HUB 
Chairman and CEO, Cybertech 
Alberto Lupoi 
Director 
Rome, 29/03/70 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
- 
Elisabetta 
Magistretti 
Director 
Busto Arsizio, 
21/7/47 
28/10/23 
b) 
Director, Brembo 
Director, Smeg 
Vittorio Pignatti-
Morano 
Director 
Rome, 14/9/57 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Trilantic Capital Management GP 
Director, Trilantic Capital Partners 
Management 
Director, Trilantic Capital Partners V 
Management 
Director, Ocean Ring Jersey Co 
Director, Ocean Trade Lux Co 
Director, ICS Maugeri 
Director, Edizione 
Gabriele Villa1 
Director 
Milan, 18/6/64 
28/10/23 
b) 
Standing Auditor, Edison

--- Page 193 ---
- 191 - 
 
Name 
Post held 
Place and 
date  
of birth 
Term of 
office expires 
 
Independence 
Principal activities performed outside the 
Issuer 
Standing Auditor, Italmobiliare 
1 Member of Executive Committee. 
2 Member of Mediobanca senior management 
a) Qualifies as independent pursuant to Article 19 of the company’s Articles of Association. 
b) Qualifies as independent pursuant to Article 148, para. 3 of the Italian Finance Act. 
All Board members are in possession of the requisites to hold such office set by the regulations in force at the 
time. 
The address for all members of the Board of Directors for the duties they discharge is: Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1, 
20121, Milan, Italy. 
Statutory Audit Committee 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Statutory Audit Committee, appointed on 28 October 2020 for the 2021, 
2022 and 2023 financial years until the date on which the financial statements as at 30 June 2021 will be approved, 
is made up of three Standing Auditors and two Alternate Auditors. 
Composition of Statutory Audit Committee: 
Name 
Post held 
Place and date 
of birth 
Term 
expires 
Principal activities performed outside 
the Issuer as significant with respect to 
the Issuer 
Francesco di Carlo 
Chairman 
Milan, 04/10/69 
28/10/23 
Director, Milano Investment Partners 
SGR 
Standing Auditor, 
Italiaonline 
Elena Pagnoni 
Standing 
Auditor 
Colleferro 
(Rome), 10/05/63 
28/10/23 
 Standing Auditor, ITS Controlli Tecnici 
Ambrogio Virgilio 
Standing 
Auditor 
Bari, 05/01/56 
28/10/23 
- 
Marcello Caradonna 
Alternate 
Auditor 
Stornara (FG), 
22/05/59 
28/10/23 
Chair, Statutory Audit Committee, 
College of Auditors CTI, ATS 
MilanoCorneliani and OTS 
Standing Auditor, ENI 
Standing Auditor 
Covercare and Nuova 
Corneliani 
Independent Director, Integrae SIM 
Director, FNM 
Roberto Moro 
Alternate 
Auditor 
Milan, 04/03/65 
28/10/23 
Chair of Statutory Audit Committee, IRE 
Holding, Digital Value, DV Holding, 
ITD Solutions and Pirelli Tyre, 
Formalift, T.T. Tecnosistemi 
Standing Auditor, Antas, ASM Energia, 
Energean International, Energean Italy, 
Energean Sicilia, Energy Wave, Italware, 
Fidiger, Duplomatic MS, Ecolombardia 
4, Getec Italia 
Standing Auditor, Compass Rent, 
Compass Link, MBContact Solutions, 
Quarzo, Spafid, SelmaBipiemme 
Leasing, Soisy 
Stefano Sarubbi 
Alternate 
Auditor 
Milan, 06/12/65 
28/10/23 
Chair of Statutory Audit Committee, 
Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane – Inwiit 
Chair of Statutory Audit Committee, 
Prysmian

--- Page 194 ---
- 192 - 
 
Name 
Post held 
Place and date 
of birth 
Term 
expires 
Principal activities performed outside 
the Issuer as significant with respect to 
the Issuer 
Chair of Statutory Audit Committee, 
Acque Minerali 
Chair of Statutory Audit Committee, 
Destination Italia 
Standing Auditor Coca Cola Italia 
CEO, Sigmagest 
Director, Manifatture Sigaro Toscano 
 
All Statutory Audit Committee members are in possession of the requisites to hold such office by law, in terms of 
fitness, professional qualifications and independence; and are all registered as auditors in the list instituted by the 
Italian Ministry for the Economy and Finances with the exception of Elena Pagnoni who is registered as a lawyer 
with the Register of Lawyers of Rome. 
The address for all members of the Statutory Audit Committee for the duties they discharge is: Piazzetta E. Cuccia 
1, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
Conflicts of interest among bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision 
A ban was instituted pursuant to Article 36 of Italian Decree Law 201/11, as converted into Italian Law 214/11, 
on representatives of banks, insurers and financial companies from holding positions in companies which operate 
in the same sectors. Each year the Board of Directors assesses the positions of the individual directors, which may 
have changed as a result of changes in the activities or size of the other companies in which they hold posts. To 
this end, each director, including in order to avoid potential conflict of interest, shall inform the Board of any 
changes in the positions assumed by them in the course of their term of office. 
Mediobanca also adopts the procedure recommended under Article 136 of the Italian Banking Act for approval 
of transactions involving individuals who perform duties of management and control in other companies 
controlled by such parties. 
Members of the bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision are also required to comply with 
the following provisions: 
• 
Article 53 of the Italian Banking Act and implementing regulations enacted by the Bank of Italy, in 
particular the supervisory provisions on links with related parties; 
• 
Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code (Directors’ Interests); 
• 
Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code (Transactions with Related Parties) ) and the Consob 
implementing regulations, in particular the Regulations on Transactions with Related Parties approved 
under resolution no. 17221 of 12 March 2010. 
Mediobanca and its governing bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to ensure compliance with 
the provisions referred to above. 
Main Shareholders  
Information on ownership structure 
No party controls Mediobanca according to the definition provided in Article 93 of the Italian Banking Act. 
Based on the shareholders’ register and publicly available information as at 28 October 2022, the following 
individuals and entities own directly or indirectly financial instruments representing share capital with voting 
rights in excess of 3% of the company’s share capital, directly or indirectly, are listed below:

--- Page 195 ---
- 193 - 
 
Shareholder 
%  of share capital 
 Delfin S.à r.l. 
19.77 
Francesco Gaetano Caltagirone (1) 
5.61% 
Mediolanumgroup  
3.43% 
BlackRock group (2) 
3.15% 
(1) Indirect shareholding through Istituto Finanziario 2012 S.p.A., Gamma S.r.l. and Fincal S.p.A.. 
(2)  BlackRock Inc. (NY), via fifteen asset management subsidiaries (cf. form 120 b of 6 August 2020): total investment of 3.97%, of which 
3.15% of share capital, 0.69% of which as potential investment and 0.13% in other long positions with settlement in cash. BlackRock Inc. 
(NY) makes use of the exemption under art. 119 bis of the Consob resolution no. 11971 issued on 14 May 1999 as amended with reference 
to its communication obligations provided under art. 120 of the Italian Legislative Decree 58/98 for shares that are between the 3% and 5%. 
(3) Investment held directly and indirectly as borrower (non-discretionary asset management). 
(4) Indirect participation %) 
For completeness, the Issuer holds owns shares for an amount equal to approximately 1.01% 
of its share capital. 
Updates relating to information on the main shareholders are published from time to time on the Issuer’s website 
www.mediobanca.com in the relevant section https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/main-
shareholders/main-shareholders.html, without prejudice to the obligations set forth in Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation regarding the possible drafting of a supplement. 
Shareholders’ Agreement 
On 20 December 2018, certain shareholders of Mediobanca representing, as at the date herof, approximately 12.08% 
of the share capital of the Issuer entered into a prior consultation shareholders' agreement (the "Shareholders'  
Agreement") pursuant to Article 122 of the Financial Services Act and the Consob resolution No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as subsequently amended. The main shareholders include the Mediolanum Group, Schematrentatre 
(Edizione)1, Fininvest, Fin.Priv., Monge & C. S.p.A., Gavio Group, Ferrero Group, for a total of 20 shareholders. 
Such Shareholders' Agreement is effective from 1 January 2019, will expire on 31 December 2024 and is 
automatically renewed for 3-year periods among the participants who did not give notice of termination at least 3 
months before the original or extended expiry date. No provision is made in the Shareholders' Agreement for 
commitments in terms of lock-up or votes in respect of the shares syndicated to it.  
Information on the Shareholders’ Agreement may 
be found on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/main-shareholders/shareholder-consultation-
agreement.html.  
Agreements the performance of which may result in a change of control subsequent to the date hereof 
Mediobanca is not aware of any agreements aimed at bringing about future changes regarding the ownership 
structure of Mediobanca. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Independent auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements 
At the annual general meeting held on 27 October 2012, the shareholders of Mediobanca appointed 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. to audit the Bank’s separate and consolidated full-year and interim financial 
statements up to and including the financial year ending 30 June 2021. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. a company with its registered offices in Piazza Tre Torri 2, Milan, Italy, has 
audited the separate and consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca as at 30 June 2021. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A is registered under No. 119644 in the Register of Accounting Auditors (Registro 
                                                             
1   On September 30, Schematrentatre terminated the Shareholders’ Agreement, with effect from 1 January 2022. As a result of this termination, 
subject to other changes, the percentage represented by the Shareholders’ Agreement will stand at around 10% of the share capital.

--- Page 196 ---
- 194 - 
 
dei Revisori Legali) maintained by MEF (Ministero dell'Economia e delle Finanze) in compliance with the 
provisions of Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010, as amended.  
EY S.p.A. is an independent public accounting firm registered under no. 70945 in the Register of Accountancy 
Auditors (Registro Revisori Contabili) held by the Italian Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. EY S.p.A. is 
also a member of the ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili, being the Italian Auditors 
Association. The business address of EY S.p.A. is Via Meravigli 12, 20123 Milan, Italy. EY S.p.A. has audited 
the separate and consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca as at 30 June 2022. 
Information regarding resignations, dismissals or failures to renew the appointment of the independent 
auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no information about any resignation, revocation or non-renewal of 
the engagement of the independent auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements. 
On 28 October 2020, the Shareholders’ Meeting of Mediobanca, at the proposal of the Board of Statutory Auditors, 
appointed the auditing firm EY S.p.A. to audit the accounts for the financial years from 30 June 2022 to 30 June 
2030. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the proceedings involving Mediobanca and its consolidated 
subsidiaries may have, or have had in the recent past, a material impact on the Group’s financial position or 
profitability, and as far as Mediobanca is aware, no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which 
may have such material impact has either been announced or is pending. 
A description of the main tax disputes and litigation pending is provided below, purely for information purposes: 
Litigation pending and tax disputes 
Civil Proceedings - Claim for damages  
Among the most significant legal proceedings still pending against Mediobanca there is the following claim for 
damages made by: 
• 
Lucchini S.p.A. in A.S. (“Lucchini") against 12 banks (including Mediobanca) claiming that the banks 
would have contributed to the economic and financial distress of the company for having drawn up and 
executed an industrial and financial plan of the company based on allegedly unrealistic forecasts and a 
restructuring agreement pursuant to article 182-bis of the bankruptcy law which provided for guarantees 
excessively favourable to the banks, thus delaying Lucchini's submission to the extraordinary administration 
procedure. With a ruling on 21 July 2020, the Court of Milan rejected Lucchini's request, ordering him to 
pay the costs. With a notice of appeal served on 28 September 2020 Lucchini appealed the sentence. 
Mediobanca is awaiting the Court of Appeal to issue its final judgement. 
It should be noted that on 26 July 2022 the Court of Florence declared the dismission of the dispute previously 
pending between Fondazione Monte dei Paschi di Siena ("FMPS"), its former directors, as well as Mediobanca 
and other13 banks. This ruling follows the settlement agreement entered into between FMPS and the pool of banks 
involved in such proceedings on 20 December 2021, which provided for, inter alia, a waiver of the litigation 
proceedings. Pursuant to this agreement, Mediobanca paid an amount considerably lower in respect of the original 
petitum of the claim. 
Tax – Administrative proceedings  
With regard to the dispute pending with the tax authorities, it should note that there were no significant changes 
with respect to the previous year. 
With reference to the alleged non-application of transparency taxation (tassazione per trasparenza), provided for 
by the Controlled Foreign Company (CFC) regulations, of the income produced by CMB Monaco (formerly called

--- Page 197 ---
- 195 - 
 
Compagnie Monégasque de Banque) and Compagnie Monégasque de Gestion for the financial years 2013, 2014 
and 2015 three disputes are pending with the tax authorities. In detail, the dispute regarding the financial year 
2013/2014 (profits 2013, tax of € 21.3 million plus interest and penalties), in which Mediobanca was victorious 
in first instance, is pending before the Lombardy Regional Tax Court following an appeal lodged by the Revenue 
Office; disputes relating to the 2014/15 and 2015/16 fiscal years (respectively profits 2014 and 2015, tax of € 16.1 
million and € 16.4 million, plus interest and penalties) are pending the first instance hearing; 
With reference to the alleged failure to apply withholding taxes by Mediobanca on interest paid as part of a secured 
financing transaction in addition to the dispute of the year 2014 (tax of € 2.3 million, plus interest and penalties) 
and of which the setting of the first level hearing is awaited, a notice of assessment has been served in relation to 
2015 (tax for € 1.9 million, plus interest and penalties), which the Bank intends to challenge. 
With reference to the three disputes regarding the failure to reimburse interest accrued on VAT credits claimed 
by SelmaBipiemme, relating to various years (totaling € 9.4 million in interest), on 14 June 2021, the Lombardy 
Regional Tax Court accepted SelmaBipiemme's appeal and obliged the tax authorities to reimburse interest 
relating to year 2005 (totaling € 6.8 million). The deadline for the authorities to appeal to the Supreme Court is 
still pending. In order to cover the potential liability linked to a negative outcome, the company has set aside 
provisions for risks and charges of € 6 million. 
Further tax proceedings 
In addition to those listed above, eleven additional disputes are pending, including: 
• 
one relating to the alleged failure by the former Banca Esperia to report a transfer of money to foreign 
countries as part of the tax monitoring communication, against which penalties were imposed for € 5.9 
million. The Company was unsuccessful in the first two levels of judgment and paid the disputed amount. 
An appeal is pending before the Supreme Court; 
• 
one relating to VAT overpaid by SelmaBipiemme in relation to nautical leasing transactions in 2004, 2005 
and 2006 (tax refund requested of € 1.7 million). The company has appealed the Revenue Office's decision 
to reject the request for reimbursement and is waiting for a hearing to be scheduled; 
• 
nine relating to direct and indirect taxes, of minor importance and with different levels of judgment, for a 
total of € 1.4 million in taxes assessed. 
Mediobanca SGR was also sued as manager of the real estate fund "Marsupio" in relation to the alleged failure to 
pay substitute tax on 3 transactions for a higher assessed tax of € 746.000 (charged to the fund). The Company 
was victorious in the first instance, but lost in the second and has appealed to the Supreme Court. 
On 17 December 2020, Compass Banca was served two invitations to contradictory proceedings containing 
findings for IRES and IRAP purposes for the 2015/16 financial year relating to income generated by the insurance 
brokerage activity carried out with regard to its clients and relations with the subsidiary Compass RE. The 
contradictory phase ended in March 2021 with an adhesion process regarding transfer pricing and the payment of 
higher taxes for € 3.5 million, in addition to interest and penalties for a total of € 1.6 million. In June 2021 the 
Company activated on its own initiative an adhesion process with the tax authorities on income of the same nature 
produced in the financial years 2016/17 and 2017/18; this process was concluded on 23 July 2021 with the 
payment of approximately € 2.1 million of higher taxes, in addition to interest and penalties for a total of € 0.4 
million, covering both years. The extension of the method accepted by the Administration to transactions carried 
out by Compass and Compass RE in subsequent years would not result in the emergence of higher income for the 
Company. 
Proceedings with supervisory authorities 
Mediobanca has no ongoing proceedings with any supervisory authority. 
The effects of the "Lexitor" sentence on retail operations are contained and limited to any disputes on early 
repayments of consumer credit practices (above all assignment of one-fifth of salary), which occurred before 5 
December 2019 (date of the letter to the market from the Bank of Italy on the Lexitor sentence), for which a 
number of complaints have been received that are following the normal procedural process. On 25 July 2021 Law 
no. 106/2021 came into force, converting Decree Law no. 73/2021, which reformulated the text of art. 125 sexies

--- Page 198 ---
- 196 - 
 
of the Italian Banking Act and clarified that the effects of the aforementioned sentence only apply to contracts 
concluded after the entry into force of the aforementioned law. As reported, Compass allocated a provision of € 
15 million, of which € 3.5 million was used. 
Antitrust proceedings 
As far as the Group is concerned, Compass, following proceedings with the Italian Antitrust Authority, in relation 
to the alleged forced combination of financing and insurance products not related to loan, had two proceedings 
pending before the Lazio Regional Administrative Court to challenge the measures by which the aforementioned 
proceedings have been concluded. Of the two judgments, the first ended with the rejection of the appeal by the 
court (sentence published on 6 September 2021), whilst the second is currently still pending before the Lazio 
Regional Administrative Court. In the meantime Compass will also assess the advisability of a possible appeal to 
the Council of State of the first measure within the terms of the law. 
Inspections 
As part of the ordinary supervisory activities by the ECB, it should be noted that an OSI (on-site inspection) on 
the subject of "market risk" was launched in September 2019. The final report of the inspection was delivered on 
22 March 2021; the Issuer remains waiting for the report to be acknowledged by the JST (Joint Supervisory Team) 
of the ECB and any recommendations to be provided by it. 
In November 2021, an additional inspection was launched in parallel, which will focus specifically on market risk 
issues relating to calculation and monitoring of trading P&L, independent price verification and fair value 
measurement on a small sample of selected transactions. 
MATERIAL AGREEMENTS 
Neither Mediobanca nor any of the companies controlled by Mediobanca has entered into or participates in 
agreements outside of their normal course of business which could result an obligation or entitlement for Group 
members that would impact significantly on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations in respect of the holders of 
financial instruments issued or to be issued. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Mediobanca approved the consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2022 
On 22 September 2022, the Board of Directors of Mediobanca examined and approved the consolidated annual 
financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 30 June 2022, which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Mediobanca approved the consolidated quarterly result as at 30 September 2022 
On 27 October 2022, the press release related to the approval of the consolidated quarterly results as at and for 
the three-month period ended 30 September 2022 was published. 
Mediobanca ordinary and extraordinary annual shareholders’ meeting 
On 28 October 2022the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer examined and approved as ordinary meeting the 
Issuer’s financial statements as at 30 June 2022 and the amount of profit for the period being allocated to reserves.

--- Page 199 ---
- 197 - 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.p.A. 
The consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021 
were prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and International 
Accounting Standards (“IAS”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), and the 
respective interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”), which were adopted by the 
European Union. 
All the above consolidated financial statements, prepared in each case together with the notes thereto, are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
The annual consolidated financial statements referred to above have been audited, respectively, by EY S.p.A. and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., whose reports thereon are attached to such annual financial statements.

--- Page 200 ---
- 198 - 
 
REGULATORY ASPECTS 
The Mediobanca Group is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB, the 
ECB and is also subject to the authority of the Single Resolution Board ("SRB"). The banking laws to which the 
Mediobanca Group is subject govern the activities in which banks may engage and are designed to maintain the 
safety and soundness of such institutions and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Mediobanca Group must 
comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. New acts of legislation and 
regulations may be introduced in Italy and the European Union that may affect the Mediobanca Group, including 
proposed regulatory initiatives that could significantly alter the Mediobanca Group's capital requirements. 
The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups include implementation of measures consistent 
with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee"). 
In accordance with the regulatory frameworks described above and consistent with the regulatory framework 
being implemented at the European Union level, the Mediobanca Group has in place specific procedures and 
internal policies to monitor, among other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the prevention and detection 
of money laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in customer relations and registration 
and reporting obligations. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that 
violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect the Mediobanca Group's results of operations, 
business and financial condition. In addition, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws and regulations 
have only been recently approved and the relevant implementation procedures are still in the process of being 
developed. 
Basel III and the CRD IV Package 
In the wake of the global financial crisis that began in 2008, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
(“BCBS”) approved, in the fourth quarter of 2010, revised global regulatory standards (“Basel III”) on bank 
capital adequacy and liquidity, which impose requirements for, inter alia, higher and better-quality capital, better 
risk coverage, measures to promote the build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods of stress and the 
introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-based requirement as well as two global liquidity standards. 
The Basel III framework adopts a gradual approach, with the requirements to be implemented over time, with full 
enforcement in 2019. 
In January 2013, the BCBS revised its original proposal in respect of the liquidity requirements in light of concerns 
raised by the banking industry, providing for a gradual phasing-in of the Liquidity Coverage Ratio with a full 
implementation in 2019 as well as expanding the definition of high-quality liquid assets to include lower quality 
corporate securities, equities and residential mortgage backed securities. Regarding the other liquidity requirement, 
the net stable funding ratio, the BCBS published the final rules in October 2014 which took effect from 1 January 
2018. 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through new banking requirements: Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRD IV Directive”) 
and Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (the “CRD IV Regulation” and together with the CRD IV Directive, the 
“CRD IV Package”). The CRD IV Package has been subsequently updated by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 
(“CRR II”) and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 (“CRD V”). 
Full implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period of time (the 
requirements are now largely fully effective as of 1 January 2019 and some minor transitional provisions provide 
for phase-in until 2024). Further details on the implementation of the Banking Reform Package (as defined below) 
are provided in the paragraph “Revision to the CRD IV Package” below.  
National options and discretions that were so far exercised by national competent authorities will be exercised by 
the Single Supervisory Mechanism (“SSM”) in a largely harmonised manner throughout the Banking Union. In 
this respect, on 14 March 2016, the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) adopted Regulation (EU) No. 2016/445 
on the exercise of options and discretions, as subsequently amended. Depending on the manner in which these 
options/discretions had been exercised by the national competent authorities and on the manner in which the SSM 
will exercise them in the future, additional/lower capital requirements may result.

--- Page 201 ---
- 199 - 
 
 
In addition to the capital requirements under CRD IV, the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU 
of 15 May 2014, as subsequently amended, (“BRRD”) introduces requirements for banks to maintain at all times 
a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds and eligible liabilities (the “Minimum Requirement for Own Funds 
and Eligible Liabilities”, or “MREL”). The Issuer has to meet MREL requirements on a consolidated basis. 
MREL constrains the structure of liabilities and may require the use of subordinated debt, which would have an 
impact on cost and potentially on the Issuer’s financing capacity. 
In Italy, the Government approved a Legislative Decree on 12 May 2015 (“Decree 72/2015”) implementing the 
CRD IV Directive and amending the Italian Banking Act. Decree 72/2015 entered into force on 27 June 2015. 
Decree 72/2015 impacts, inter alia, on: 
• 
proposed acquirers of holdings in credit institutions, requirements for shareholders and members of the 
management body (Articles 23 and 91 of the CRD IV Directive); 
• 
competent authorities’ powers to intervene in cases of crisis management (Articles 64, 65, 102 and 104 of 
the CRD IV Directive); 
• 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (so called whistleblowing, Article 71 of the 
CRD IV Directive); and 
• 
administrative penalties and measures (Article 65 of the CRD IV Directive). 
The Bank of Italy published supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circular of the Bank of Italy 
No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as subsequently amended from time to time by the Bank of Italy, (the “Circular 
No. 285”) which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing the CRD IV Package and the Banking Reform 
Package, and setting out additional local prudential rules. The CRD IV Package is also supplemented in Italy by 
technical rules relating to the CRD IV Directive and the CRD IV Regulation published through delegated 
regulations of the European Commission and guidelines of the EBA. 
As part of the CRD IV Package, certain transitional arrangements as implemented by the Circular No. 285 have 
been gradually phased-out. The transtionational arrangements which provide for the regulatory capital recognition 
of outstanding instruments which qualified as Tier I and Tier II capital instruments under the framework which 
the CRD IV Package replaced but which no longer meet the minimum criteria under the CRD IV Package have 
been gradually phased out.  
Capital Requirements 
According to Article 92 of the CRD IV Regulation, as amended by the CRR II, institutions shall at all times satisfy 
the following own funds requirements: (i) a CET1 Capital ratio of 4.5 per cent.; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6 per 
cent.; (iii) a Total Capital ratio of 8 per cent, and (iv) the Leverage Ratio of 3 per cent. These minimum ratios are 
complemented by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 Capital: 
• 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5 per cent from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to Article 129 of the 
CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section II of Circular No. 285); 
• 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer ("CCyB"): set by the relevant competent authority between 0% - 
2.5% of credit risk exposures towards counterparties each of the home Member State, other Member 
States and third countries (but may be set higher than 2.5 % where the competent authority considers 
that the conditions in the Member State justify this), with gradual introduction from 1 January 2016 
and applying temporarily in the periods when the relevant national authorities judge the credit 
growth excessive (pursuant to Article 130 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section III 
of Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has set, and decided to maintain, the CCyB (relating to 
exposures towards Italian counterparties) at 0% for the fourth quarter of 2022; 
• 
Capital buffers for globally systemically important banks ("G-SIBs"): set as an "additional loss 
absorbency" buffer varying depending on the sub-categories on which the globally systemically 
important institutions ("G-SIIs") are divided into. The lowest sub-category shall be assigned a G-

--- Page 202 ---
- 200 - 
 
SII buffer of 1 % of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the 
CRD IV Regulation and the buffer assigned to each sub-category shall increase in gradients of at 
least 0,5 % of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRD 
IV Regulation. G-SIBs is determined according to specific indicators (size, interconnectedness, lack 
of substitutes for the services provided, global cross border activity and complexity) and, being 
phased in from 1 January 2016 (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter 
I, Section IV of Circular No. 285), became fully effective on 1 January 2019. Based on the most 
recently updated list of G-SIIs published by the Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) on 21 November 
2022, neither the Issuer (nor any member of the Mediobanca Group) is a G-SIB and therefore they 
do not need to comply with a G-SIBs capital buffer requirement (or a leverage ratio buffer); and  
• 
Capital buffers for other systemically important banks at a domestic level ("O-SIIs"): up to 3.0% as 
set by the relevant competent authority (reviewed at least annually), to compensate for the higher 
risk that such banks represent to the financial system (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and 
Title II, Chapter 1, Section IV of Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has not identified so far the 
Mediobanca Group as an O-SII, therefore the Issuer does not need to comply with an O-SII capital 
buffer requirement. 
In addition to the above-mentioned capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV Directive, as amended by 
the CRD V, each Member State may introduce a Systemic Risk Buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the 
financial sector or one or more subsets of that sector in order to prevent and mitigate long-term non-cyclical 
systemic or macroprudential risks not otherwise covered by the CRD IV Package, in the sense of a risk of 
disruption in the financial system with the potential of having serious negative consequences on the financial 
system and the real economy in a specific Member State.  
With update No. 38 of 22 February 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order to provide for, inter alia, 
the introduction of:  
(i) 
the possibility for the Bank of Italy to activate the systemic risk buffer (“SyRB”) for banks and banking groups 
authorised in Italy. In particular, the requirement to maintain a systemic risk buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 
is intended to prevent and mitigate macro-prudential or systemic risks not otherwise covered with the macro-
prudential instruments provided for by the CRD IV Regulation, as amended by the CRR II, the anti-cyclical 
capital buffer and the capital buffers for G-SII and for O-SII. The buffer ratio for systemic risk can be applied 
to all exposures or to a subset of exposures and to all banks or to one or more subsets of banks with similar 
risk profiles; and 
(ii)  some macro-prudential instruments based on the characteristics of customers or loans (so-called “borrower-
based measures”). Specifically, these are measures that are not harmonised at European level, which can be 
used to counter systemic risks deriving from developments in the real estate market and from high or rising 
levels of household and non-financial corporate debt. 
Furthermore, with update No. 39 of 13 July 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order to align its provisions 
with Articles 104 to 104c of the CRD IV Directive, as amended by the CRD V. In particular, the amendments 
introduced to Part I, Chapter 1, Title III of the Circular No. 285 provide for, inter alia, the introduction of:  
(i) A clear differentiation between components of Pillar 2 Requirements estimated from an ordinary perspective 
and the Pillar 2 Guidance determined from a stressed perspective which supervisory authorities may require 
banks to hold; and 
(ii) The possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional capital in the presence of excessive leverage 
risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (P2R and Leverage Ratio and Pillar 2 Guidance Leverage 
Ratio).  
Failure by an institution to comply with buffer requirements described above (“Combined Buffer 
Requirements”) may trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to the so-called Maximum Distribuitable 
Amounts (“MDA”) and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan on necessary remedial actions 
(Articles 140 to 141c of the CRD IV Directive).  
In addition, Mediobanca Group is subject to the Pillar 2 Requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV 
Package, which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the SREP. The SREP is aimed at ensuring that

--- Page 203 ---
- 201 - 
 
institutions have adequate arrangements and strategies in place to maintain liquidity and capital, including in 
particular the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital commensurate to their risk profile, in order to 
ensure sound management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might be exposed, including those 
revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the financial system. 
The quantum of any Pillar 2 Requirement imposed on a bank, the type of capital which it must apply to meeting 
such capital requirements, and whether the Pillar 2 requirement is “stacked” below the capital buffers (i.e. the 
bank’s capital resources must first be applied to meeting the Pillar 2 requirements in full before capital can be 
applied to meeting the capital buffers) or “stacked” above the capital buffers (i.e. the bank’s capital resources can 
be applied to meeting the capital buffers in priority to the Pillar 2 requirement) may all impact a bank’s ability to 
comply with the Combined Buffer Requirement. 
In its publication of the 2016 EU-wide stress test results on 29 July 2016, the EBA has recognised a distinction 
between “Pillar 2 requirements” (stacked below the capital buffers) and “Pillar 2 capital guidance” (stacked above 
the capital buffers). With respect to Pillar 2 capital guidance, the publication stated that, in response to the stress 
test results, competent authorities may (among other things) consider “setting capital guidance, above the 
combined buffer requirement”. Competent authorities have remedial tools if an institution refuses to follow such 
guidance. The ECB published a set of “Frequently asked questions on the 2016 EU-wide stress test”, confirming 
this distinction between Pillar 2 requirements and Pillar 2 capital guidance and noting that “Under the stacking 
order, banks facing losses will first fail to fulfil their Pillar 2 capital guidance. In case of further losses, they would 
next breach the combined buffers, then Pillar 2 requirements, and finally Pillar 1 requirements”. 
The distinction between “Pillar 2 requirements” and “Pillar 2 capital guidance” has been codified by the CRD V. 
Whereas the former are mandatory requirements imposed by supervisors to address risks not covered or not 
sufficiently covered by Pillar 1 and buffer capital requirements, the latter refers to the possibility for competent 
authorities to communicate to an institution their expectations for such institution to hold capital in excess of its 
capital requirements (Pillar 1 and Pillar 2) and Combined Buffer Requirements in order to cope with forward-
looking and remote situations. Under the CRD V, only Pillar 2 requirements, and not Pillar 2 capital guidance, 
will be relevant in determining whether an institution is meeting its Combined Buffer Requirement. 
Non-compliance with Pillar 2 capital guidance does not amount to a failure to comply with capital requirements, 
but should be considered as a "pre alarm warning" to be used in a bank's risk management process. If capital levels 
go below Pillar 2 capital guidance, the relevant supervisory authorities, which should be promptly informed in 
detail by the bank of the reasons of the failure to comply with the Pillar 2 capital guidance, will take into 
consideration appropriate and proportional measures on a case by case basis (including, by way of example, the 
possibility of implementing a plan aimed at restoring compliance with the capital requirements including capital 
strengthening requirements). 
On 23 July 2020 the EBA published Guidelines for competent authorities for the special procedures for the SREP 
2020, identifying how flexibility and pragmatism could be exercised in relation to the SREP framework in the 
context of the COVID-19 pandemic. The 2020 SREP cycle focused on the ability of the supervised entities to 
handle the challenges of the COVID-19 crisis and its impact on their current prospective risk profile.  
The Bank of Italy notified to the EBA its intention to comply with the abovementioned Guidelines on 23 
September 2020. The Bank of Italy in fact announced to the supervised entities that only in exceptional cases, due 
to a significant increase in their current and prospective risk profiles, it would have updated the banks’ current 
requirements.  
On 18 March 2022, the EBA published its final report on revised Guidelines on common procedures and 
methodologies for SREP and supervisory stress testing. The EBA has developed the revised SREP Guidelines in 
order to implement the changes brought by CRD V and CRR II (as defined below). In particular, the revision of 
the Guidelines, while keeping the original framework with the main SREP elements intact, reflects, among other 
things, the introduction of the assessment of the risk of excessive leverage and the revision of the methodology 
for the determination of the Pillar 2 Guidance. Additional relevant changes are related to the enhancement of the 
principle of proportionality and the encouragement of cooperation among prudential supervisory authorities and 
AML/CFT supervisors, as well as resolution authorities. The Bank of Italy should report its intention to comply 
with the Guidelines by 2 months after the publication of the translation in the official EU languages (still pending). 
The guidelines will apply from 1 January 2023.

--- Page 204 ---
- 202 - 
 
The CRD IV Package introduced a leverage ratio with the aim of restricting the level of leverage that an institution 
can take on, to ensure that an institution’s assets are in line with its capital. The Leverage Ratio Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No. 2015/62 was adopted on 10 October 2014 and was published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union in January 2015 amending the calculation of the leverage ratio compared to the current text of 
the CRD IV Regulation (“Leverage Ratio Regulation”). Institutions have been required to disclose their leverage 
ratio from 1 January 2015. The CRD IV Package contains specific mandates for the EBA to develop draft 
regulatory or implementing technical standards as well as guidelines and reports related to liquidity coverage ratio 
and leverage ratio in order to enhance regulatory harmonisation in Europe through the Single Rule Book. The 
CRR II complemented the system of reporting and disclosure, as envisaged in the Leverage Ratio Regulation, by 
the introduction of the Leverage Ratio as own fund requirement. 
Liquidity and leverage requirements 
The CRD IV Package also introduced the LCR. This is a stress liquidity measure based on modelled 30-day 
outflows. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 supplementing the CRR with 
regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions (“LCR Delegated Act”) was adopted in October 
2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union in January 2015. On 20 May 2022, amendments 
to the LCR Delegated Act were published in the Official Journal (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2022/786 of 10 February 2022) and has applied as of July 2022. Most of these amendments has been introduced 
to better allow the credit institutions issuing covered bonds to comply, on one hand, with the general liquidity 
coverage requirement for a 30 calendar day stress period and, on the other hand, with the cover pool liquidity 
buffer requirement, as laid down by Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council. 
The NSFR is part of the Basel III framework and aims to promote resilience over a longer time horizon (1 year) 
by creating incentives for banks to fund their activities with more stable sources of funding on an on-going basis. 
The NSFR has been introduced as a requirement in the CRR II published in June 2019 and is applicable from June 
2021. 
Revision to the CRD IV Package 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to further 
strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (“Banking Reform Package”). The Banking Reform 
Package amends many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, the BRRD and the SRMR. These 
proposals were agreed by the European Parliament, the Council of the EU and the European Commission and 
were published in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019 entering into force 20 days after, even though 
most of the provisions are applicable as of 28 June 2021, allowing for a smooth implementation of the new 
provisions. 
The Banking Reform Package includes: 
(i) revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk; 
(ii) changes to the market risk rules which include the introduction first of a reporting requirement pending 
the implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the FRTB (as defined below) published in January 
2019 by the BCBS and then the application of own funds requirements as of 1 January 2023; 
(iii) a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a backstop to risk-
weighted capital requirements and set at 3% of an institution's Tier 1 capital; 
(iv) a binding NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to finance their 
long-term activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding (liabilities) in 
order to increase banks' resilience to funding constraints). This means that the amount of available stable 
funding will be calculated by multiplying an institution's liabilities and regulatory capital by appropriate 
factors that reflect their degree of reliability over a year. The NSFR will be expressed as a percentage 
and set at a minimum level of 100%, indicating that an institution holds sufficient stable funding to meet 
its funding needs during a one-year period under both normal and stressed conditions. The NSFR will 
apply at a level of 100% at individual and a consolidated level starting from 28 June 2021, unless 
competent authorities waive the application of the NSFR on an individual basis as of two years after the 
date of entry into force of the EU Banking Reform Package;

--- Page 205 ---
- 203 - 
 
(v) changes to the large exposures limits, now calculated as the 25% of Tier 1; and 
(vi) improved own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SMEs and infrastructure projects. 
In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts of the “Banking Reform Package" regarding the banking sector have 
been published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with the amendments to the BRRD 
and to SRMR, (i) CRR II amending the CRD IV Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements, and (ii) CRD V amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation 
measures. The amendments proposed better align the current regulatory framework to international developments 
in order to promote consistency and comparability among jurisdictions. 
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II is applicable from 28 June 2021, excluding 
some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent), b) the CRD V and BRRD 2 shall be 
implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some provisions which will be applicable 
subsequently. 
In Italy, the Government approved a Legislative Decree on 8 November 2021 (“Decree 182/2021”) implementing 
the CRD V Directive and amending the Italian Banking Act. Decree 182/2021 entered into force on 30 November 
2021. Decree 182/2021 impacts, inter alia, on: 
• 
proposed acquirers of holdings in credit institutions, requirements for shareholders and members of the 
management body (Articles 22, 23 and 91 of the CRD V Directive); 
• 
competent authorities’ powers to impose additional own fund requirements (Articles 104 and 104a of the 
CRD V Directive); 
• 
authorisation regime applicable to financial holding companies and mixed financial holding companies 
(Article 21a of the CRD V Directive); and  
• 
regime governing the banking groups and introduction of the status of “intermediate EU parent” (Article 
21c of the CRD V Directive). 
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the BCBS concluded the review process of the models (for credit risk, 
counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for the calculation of minimum capital requirements, including 
constraints on the use of internal models and introducing the so-called "output floor" (setting a minimum level of 
capital requirements calculated on the basis of internal models equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5 per cent. 
of those calculated on the basis of the standardised methods). The main purpose is to enhance consistency and 
comparability among banks. The new framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 and finally revised in 
January 2019. The new framework for credit risk and operational risk was completed in December 2017. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published, as part of a legislative package that includes also 
amendments to CRD V, the text of the proposal to amend the CRR II (“CRR III” and jointly the “2021 Reform 
Package”). In particular, the 2021 Reform Package legislative initiative aims at implementing in the EU the 2017 
Basel Accord and further elements not included in such international framework contributing to financial stability 
and to the steady financing of the economy in the context of the post-COVID 19 crisis recovery. This general 
objective can be broken down in four more specific objectives: 
(i) 
to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, without significant increases in capital requirements overall; 
(ii) 
to enhance the focus on ESG risk in the prudential framework; 
(iii) to further harmonise supervisory powers and tools; and 
(iv) to reduce institutions' administrative costs related to public disclosure and to improve access to institutions 
prudential data.

--- Page 206 ---
- 204 - 
 
(v) 
to insert in the CRR a dedicated treatment for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for internal 
MREL (i.e. “daisy chain approach”). 
Once agreed on the final text between the various stakeholders involved in the legislative process (European 
Commission, European Parliament and Council of the EU) and once implemented in the Union, these regulatory 
changes will impact the entire banking system and consequently could determine changes in the capital calculation 
and increase capital requirements. The analysis carried out by the EBA, published in December 2019 upon request 
of the European Commission, shows that the adoption of the new Basel III criteria would require banks to increase 
minimum capital requirements (“MCR”) by 23.6 per cent., resulting in a capital deficit of €124 billion. On 21 
August 2020, the EBA was requested by the European Commission to update further its Basel III impact study 
and published the new impact analysis on 15 December 2020. The overall impact is presented under two 
implementation scenarios: the first one updates the impact presented in the previous Call for Advice (“CfA”) 
reports (the “Basel III scenario”); the second one (the "EU-specific scenario") considers the additional features 
requested by the European Commission in its CfA, i.e. applying the SME supporting factors on top of the Basel 
SME preferential risk weight treatment; maintaining EU credit valuation adjustment (“CVA”) exemptions; 
exercising the jurisdictional discretion contemplated in the Basel III framework to exclude the bank-specific 
historical loss component from the calculation of the capital for operational risk (internal loss multiplier 
(“ILM”)=1). Under the Basel III scenario, the steady-state implementation of the overall reform scheduled for 
January 2028 could increase the minimum required capital (MRC) amount, which includes Pillar 2 requirements 
and EU-specific buffers, by +18.5% with respect to the December 2019 baseline. Under the EU-specific scenario, 
steady-state implementation of the final Basel III framework (i.e. 2028) could increase the MRC amount by 
+13.1% with respect to the December 2019 baseline. 
The EBA has been conducting regular and ad-hoc quantitative impact studies to assess or monitor the impact of 
various rules on the EU banking sector. 
Regular monitoring exercise includes also a monitoring exercise to assess the impact of the Basel III framework 
on a sample of EU banks that the EBA conducts in coordination and in parallel with the BCBS (“Basel III 
Monitoring Exercise”). This exercise assesses the impact of the latest regulatory developments at BCBS level in 
the following area: (a) global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems; (b) the 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio and liquidity risk monitoring tools; (c) the leverage ratio framework and disclosure 
requirements; (d) the Net Stable Funding Ratio; and (e) the post-crisis reforms. 
The impact of the Basel III is assessed using mostly the following measures: 
(i) 
percentage impact on minimum required Tier 1 capital (MRC); 
(ii) 
impact, in basis point, on the current actual Tier 1 capital ratio; and 
(iii) Tier 1 shortfall resulting from the full implementation of Basel III, namely the capital amount that bansks 
need to filfil the Basel III MCR. 
According to EBA Decision no. EBA/DC/2021/373concerning information required for the monitoring of Basel 
supervisory standards published on 18 February 2021 (“EBA Decision”), the Basel III Monitoring Exercise, 
which is currently only being carried out on a small sample of credit institutions and on a voluntary basis, should 
be extended to a broader and stable set of credit institutions. In particular, in order to ensure consistency, accuracy 
and completeness of the data provided, G-SIIs and O-SIIs, as well as credit institutions whose Tier 1 capital equals 
or exceeds €3 billion, or total assets equal or exceeding €30 billion, should be included in the sample. 
Pursuant to EBA Decision, as of 31 December 2021, the Basel III Monitoring Exercise will become mandatory 
and will be carried out on an annual basis only. 
On 30 September 2022, EBA published its first mandatory Basel III Monitoring Report which assess the impact 
that Basel III full implementation will have on EU banks in 2028. According to this assessment, the full Basel III 
implementation would result in an average increase of 15.0% of the current Tier 1 minimum required capital. 
Thus, to comply with the new framework, banks would need EUR 1.2 billion of additional Tier 1 capital.  
On 4 May 2020, EBA published its final draft technical standards on specific reporting requirements for market 
risk, in accordance with the mandate set out in the provisions of the CRR II.

--- Page 207 ---
- 205 - 
 
In particular, the implementing technical standards (“ITS”) introduced uniform reporting templates, the template 
related instructions, the frequency and the dates of the reporting, the definitions and the IT solutions for the 
specific reporting for market risk. These ITS introduce the first elements of the Fundamental Review of the 
Trading Book (FRTB) into the EU prudential framework by means of a reporting requirement. Based on the ITS 
submitted by the EBA, the European Commission adopted the Implementing Regulation no. 2021/453/EU of 15 
March 2021 which applied from 5 October 2021. 
Revisions to the Basel III framework 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published of its final set of amendments to its Basel III framework 
(known informally as "Basel IV"). Basel IV is expected to introduce a range of measures, including: 
(i) changes to the standardised approach for the calculation of credit risk; 
(ii) limitations to the use of IRB approaches, mainly banks will be allowed to use the F-IRB approach and the SA, 
only for specialised lending the A-IRB will be still used; 
(iii) a new framework for determining an institution's operational risk charge, which will be calculated only by 
using a new standardised approach; 
(iv) an amended set of rules in relation to credit valuation adjustment; and 
(v) an aggregate output capital floor that ensures that an institution's total risk weighted assets ("RWA") generated 
by IRB models are no lower than 72.5% of those generated by the standardised approach. 
According to the Basel Committee, Basel IV should be introduced as a global standard from January 2022, with 
the output capital floor being phased-in (starting at 50% from 1 January 2022 and reaching 72.5% as of 1 January 
2025). In this occasion, the Basel Committee postponed the suggested implementation date for the Fundamental 
Review of the Trading Book ("FRTB") has been postponed by the Basel Committee to January 2023 to allow it 
to finalise the remaining elements of the framework and align the implementation date with the other Basel IV 
reforms. 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the SSM Regulation for the establishment of SSM. The SSM Regulation provides the ECB, 
in conjunction with the national competent authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, with 
direct supervisory responsibility over "banks of significant importance" in those Member States. "Banks of 
significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total value of its assets exceeds €30 
billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its total assets over the national 
gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit institutions established in a 
Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the European Financial Stability 
Facility or the European Stability Mechanism and/or (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance 
where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State and its cross-border 
assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. Mediobanca has been classified as a 
significant supervised entity pursuant to the SSM Regulation and Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European 
Central Bank of 16 April 2014 (the "SSM Framework Regulation") and, as such, is subject to direct prudential 
supervision by the ECB. 
The relevant national competent authorities continue to be responsible, in respect of the Mediobanca Group, for 
supervisory functions not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money laundering, payment 
services, and supervision over branches of third country banks. The ECB is exclusively responsible for the 
prudential supervision of Mediobanca, which includes, inter alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw 
authorisation; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings; (iii) ensure compliance with all prudential 
requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) set, where necessary, higher prudential requirements to 
protect financial stability under the conditions provided by EU law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate 
governance practices and internal capital adequacy assessment controls and (vi) intervene at the early stages when 
risks to the viability of a bank exist, in coordination with the relevant resolution authorities. The ECB may exercise 
options and discretions under the SSM and SSM Framework Regulation in relation to Mediobanca.

--- Page 208 ---
- 206 - 
 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive  
The BRRD, entered into force on 2 July 2014, is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an institution that is failing or likely to fail so as to ensure the continuity 
of the institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimizing the impact of an institution’s 
failure on the economy and financial system.  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone (except for the asset separation 
tool) or in combination with other resolution tools where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an 
institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures 
would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe and (c) a resolution action is in the 
public interest: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the institution or the 
whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to 
transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is 
wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer 
impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be 
managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used 
together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to write 
down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims 
(including the Notes) into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. other instruments that confer ownership, 
instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other instruments of ownership, and 
instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of ownership) (the “general bail-in tool”). Such 
shares or other instruments of ownership could also be subject to any future application of the BRRD. For more 
details on the implementation in Italy please refer to the paragraphs below. 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to 
permanently write-down/convert into shares or other instruments of ownership (including the Subordinated Notes) 
at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken ("non- viability loss absorption"). 
Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion may also be subject to any 
application of the general bail-in tool. The point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant 
authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been 
taken) or that the institution or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (including 
the Subordinated Notes) are written-down/converted or extraordinary public support is to be provided. 
Resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt instruments (such as the Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) issued by an institution under resolution, 
amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, the date on which the interest becomes payable 
(including by suspending payment for a temporary period) and to restrict the termination rights of holders of such 
instruments. The BRRD also provides for a Member State, after having assessed and exhausted the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. Resolution authorities may 
provide public equity support to an institution and/or take the institution into public ownership. Such measures 
must be taken in accordance with the EU state aid framework and will require a contribution to loss absorption 
from shareholders and creditors via write- down, conversion or otherwise, in an amount equal to at least 8 % of 
total liabilities (including own funds). 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to be 
provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities 
provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued 
liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary 
recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders of the 
Subordinated Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
An SRF (as defined below) was set up under the control of the SRB (as defined below). It ensures the availability 
of funding support while the bank is resolved. It is funded by contributions from the banking sector. The SRF can 
only contribute to resolution if at least 8 per cent. of the total liabilities, including own funds, of the bank have 
been bailed-in.  
The BRRD requires all Member States to create a national, prefunded resolution fund, reaching a level of at least 
1 per cent. of covered deposits by 31 December 2024.  The National Resolution Fund for Italy was created in

--- Page 209 ---
- 207 - 
 
November 2015 and required both ordinary and extraordinary contributions to be made by Italian banks and 
investment firms.  In the Banking Union, the National Resolution Funds set up under the BRRD were superseded 
by the single resolution fund, established by the European Regulation no. 806/2014 as of 1 January 2016 (“Single 
Resolution Fund” or “SRF”) and those funds have been pooled together gradually. Therefore, as of 2016, the 
Single Resolution Board calculates, in line with the Council Implementing Regulation no. 2015/81/EU (the 
“Council Implementing Act”), the annual contributions of all institutions authorised in the Member States 
participating in the SSM and the SRM.  The SRF is financed by the European banking sector. The total target size 
of the Fund is equal to at least 1 per cent. of the covered deposits of all banks in the Member States participating 
in the Banking Union. The SRF is to be built up over eight years, beginning in 2016, to the target level of EUR 
55 billion (the basis being 1 per cent. of the covered deposits in the financial institutions of the Banking Union). 
Once this target level is reached, in principle, the banks will have to contribute only if the resources of the SRF 
are actually used in order to deal with resolutions of other institutions.  
Under the BRRD, the target level of the National Resolution Funds was set at national level and calculated on the 
basis of deposits covered by deposit guarantee schemes. Under the SRM, the target level of the SRF is European 
and is the sum of the covered deposits of all institutions established in the participating Member States. This 
results in significant variations in the contributions by the banks under the SRM as compared to the BRRD. As a 
consequence of this difference, when contributions would have been paid based on a joint target level starting as 
of 2016, contributions of banks established in Member States with a high level of covered deposits could abruptly 
have decreased, while contributions of those banks established in Member States with fewer covered deposits 
could abruptly have increased. In order to prevent such abrupt changes, the Council Implementing Act (i.e. 
Council Implementing Regulation no. 2015/81) provides for an adjustment mechanism to remedy these distortions 
during the transitional period by way of a gradual phasing in of the SRM methodology. 
Implementation of the BRRD in Italy 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian 
Government, namely Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the “BRRD Decrees”), both of 
which were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 November 2015.  Legislative 
Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law which implements the provisions of BRRD relating to resolution 
actions, while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the existing Banking Act and deals principally with 
recovery plans, early intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy.  The BRRD Decrees entered into force 
on the date of publication on the Italian Official Gazette (i.e. 16 November 2015), save that: (i) the general bail-
in tool applies from 1 January 2016; and (ii) a “depositor preference” granted for deposits other than those 
protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SMEs is effective from 
1 January 2019. 
It is important to note that, pursuant to article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015, resolution authorities may 
not exercise the write down/conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their 
related hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any part of a 
secured liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments) that exceeds the value of the 
assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured. The BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu 
ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. Accordingly, holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes of a particular Series may be subject to write- down/conversion upon an application 
of the general bail-in tool while other Series of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as 
appropriate, Subordinated Notes (or, in each case, other pari passu ranking liabilities) are partially or fully 
excluded from such application of the general bail-in tool. Further, although the BRRD provides a safeguard in 
respect of shareholders and creditors upon application of resolution tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that 
such protection is limited to the incurrence by shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a 
result of the application of the relevant tool than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal 
insolvency proceedings. It is therefore possible not only that the claims of other holders of junior or pari passu 
liabilities may have been excluded from the application of the general bail-in tool and therefore the holders of 
such claims receive a treatment which is more favourable than that received by holders of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, but also that the safeguard referred to above does not apply 
to ensure equal (or better) treatment compared to the holders of such fully or partially excluded claims. This is 
due to the fact that the safeguard is not intended to address such possible unequal treatment but rather to ensure 
that shareholders or creditors do not incur greater losses in a bail-in (or other application of a resolution tool) than 
they would have received in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings.

--- Page 210 ---
- 208 - 
 
Certain categories of liability are subject to the mandatory exclusions from bail-in foreseen in Article 44(2)(g) of 
the BRRD. For instance, most forms of liability for taxes, social security contributions or to employees benefit 
from privilege under Italian law and as such are preferred to ordinary senior unsecured creditors in the context of 
liquidation proceedings. Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency 
regimes such that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the 
coverage level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to the BRRD have a ranking in 
normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, 
non-preferred creditors, such as holders of Senior Preferred Notes. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent 
Member States, including Italy, from amending national insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, 
with rankings in insolvency higher than ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 
181/2015 has amended the creditor hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to 
resolution as well as compulsory liquidation procedures by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, all deposits 
other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SMEs will 
benefit from a preference in respect of senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is lower than that 
provided for individual/SME deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme. On 25 
October 2017 the European Parliament, the Council and the European Commission agreed on elements of the 
review of the BRRD. As part of this process Article 108 of the BRRD was amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399. 
Member States were required to adopt and publish relevant laws, regulations and administrative provisions 
necessary to comply with the amendment to the creditor hierarchy by 29 December 2018. The recognition of the 
new class of so-called "Senior Non-Preferred Debt" has been implemented in the EU through the Directive (EU) 
2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending BRRD as regards the 
ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. In Italy, the Directive has been implemented with 
the law No. 205/2017, modifying article 12bis of the Consolidated Banking Act.  
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory rights of 
set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in the absence 
of an express agreement to the contrary. Since each holder of Subordinated Notes and the holders of the Senior 
Preferred Notes will have expressly waived any rights of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy 
which they might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, it is clear that the statutory right of set-off available under 
Italian insolvency laws will likewise not apply. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, 
in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. As indicated above, holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes may be subject to write-down/conversion into shares or other 
instruments of ownership on any application of the general bail-in tool and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
non- viability loss absorption. 
Revisions to the BRRD framework 
The Banking Reform Package included Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of significant 
revisions to the BRRD (known as "BRRD II"). BRRD II provides that Member States are required to ensure 
implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements relating to the implementation of 
the standard on total loss absorbing capacity for systematically important banks (“TLAC”) applying from January 
2022 while the transitional period for full compliance with MREL requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, 
with interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022. The Banking Reform Package includes, 
amongst other things: 
(i) full implementation of the FSB's TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL regime. 
Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation methodology for MREL, criteria 
for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, the introduction of internal MREL and additional 
reporting and disclosure requirements on institutions; 
(ii) introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are not G-
SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed €100 billion; 
(iii) the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the contractual 
stays in resolution; and 
(iv) amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in.

--- Page 211 ---
- 209 - 
 
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD II will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as 
well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021 (“Decree No. 193”), implementing the 
BRRD II into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 (Decree no. 
180) and the Italian Banking Act. 
The provisions set forth in the Decree No. 193 includes, among other things: 
(i) Changes to the MREL regulatory framework 
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory framework 
regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is calculated, to the provisions set forth in BRRD II. 
In particular, the amended version of Decree No. 180 clearly envisages that MREL shall be determined by the 
Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria: 
(a) the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate to meet the 
resolution’s objectives; 
(b) the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate group subject 
to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the bail-in tool or write- down or 
conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, looses could be absorbed and that it is possibile to 
restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the leverage ratio to a level necessary to enable them to continue 
to comply with the conditions for authorisation, according to the regulatory framework currently in force, even if 
the resolution plan envisages the possibility for certain classes of eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-in or 
to be transferred in full to a recipient under a partial transfer; 
(c) the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and 
(d) the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, due to the 
interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of the financial system. 
(ii) New ranking for subordinated instruments of banks which do not qualify as own fund 
Article 91 of the Banking Law has been modified by Decree No. 193 to transpose into the Italian legislative 
framework the provisions envisaged by Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. 
In particular, according to the amended version of Article 91, subordinated instruments which do not qualify (and 
no part thereof is recognized) as own funds items shall rank senior to own funds items (including any instruments 
only partly recognized as own funds items) and junior to senior non-preferred instruments. Moreover, if own funds 
items cease, in their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own funds items but junior to senior 
non-preferred instruments. 
The abovementioned provisions also applies to instruments issued before the entrance into force of Decree No. 
193, such as 1 December 2021. 
(iii) New minimum denomination requirement 
Article 12-ter of the Italian Banking Act, introduced by Decree No. 193, provides for the determination of a 
minimum unit value for bonds and debt securities issued by banks or investment firms equal to Euro 200,000 for 
subordinated bonds and other subordinated securities or Euro 150,000 for Senior Non Preferred debt instruments 
(“strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello”). 
Any contracts entered into with non-professional investors and relating to investment services having as their 
object the instruments referred to in Article 12-ter of the Italian Banking Act issued after 1 December 2021, that 
do not respect the minimum unit value, shall be declared as null and void (Article 25-quarter of the Financial 
Services Act, as amended by Decree No. 193).

--- Page 212 ---
- 210 - 
 
Without prejudice to the restrictions outlined above on the sale to retail investors, the ban previously in force on 
the placement of Senior Non Preferred debt instruments with non-qualified investors has been repealed by Article 
5 of Decree No. 193. 
As the BRRD II has only recently been implemented in Italy and other Member States, there is uncertainty as to 
the effects of its application in practice.  
Also, certain provisions of the BRRD II remain subject to regulatory technical standards and implementing 
technical standards to be prepared by the European Banking Authority. In addition to the BRRD II, it is possible 
that the application of other relevant laws, the CRD V and the CRR II and any amendments thereto or other similar 
regulatory proposals, including proposals by the FSB on cross-border recognition of resolution actions, could be 
used in such a way as to result in the Notes absorbing losses in the manner described above. Any actions by the 
relevant resolution authority pursuant to the powers granted to it as a result of the transposition of the BRRD, as 
amended by the BRRD II, or other measures or proposals relating to the resolution of financial institutions, may 
adversely affect the rights of holders of the Notes, the price or value of an investment in the Notes and/or the 
Issuer’s ability to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism  
On 19 August 2014, SRMR entered into force. The SRMR became operational on 1 January 2016. There are, 
however, certain provisions including those concerning the preparation of resolution plans and provisions relating 
to the cooperation of the SRB with national resolution authorities, which entered into force on 1 January 2015. 
The SRMR was subsequently updated with the Banking Reform Package in June 2019. The SRMR, which 
complements the SSM, applies to all banks supervised by the SSM. It will mainly consist of the SRB and the SRF. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("SRM II 
Regulation") amends the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization of credit institutions 
and investment firms. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism framework ensures that, instead of national resolution authorities, there will 
be a single authority – i.e. the SRB – which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks being supervised 
by the SSM and part of the Eurozone. In line with the changes to BRRD II described above, revisions to the 
provisions of the SRM Regulation (in relation to MREL) are due to change in due course. 
In such a context, it is worth to mention the process to review - started by the European Commission in November 
2020 – the Crisis Management and Deposit Insurance ("CMDI") framework. Following this revision, new and 
different legal and regulatory requirements may apply to the Group, in particular the intention of the European 
legislator is to amend the BRRD, the SRMR and the Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive ("DGSD"). 
Measures to counter the impact of the "COVID-19" virus 
European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the banking and financial market 
to counter the economic effects of COVID-19. 
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between the Italian Banking Association 
(“ABI”) and the Business Associations, the possibility of requesting suspension or extension was extended to 
loans granted until 31 January 2020. The moratorium refers to loans to micro, small and medium-sized companies 
affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. The capital portion of loan repayment instalments may be requested to be 
suspended for up to one year, later extended until 30 June 2021. The suspension is applicable to medium/long-
term loans (mortgages), including those concluded through the issue of agricultural loans, and to property or 
business assets leasing transactions. In the latter case, the suspension concerns the implicit capital instalments of 
the leasing. On 21 April 2020, through an agreement entered into with the consumer associations, the moratorium 
was extended to credit to households, including the suspension of the principal portion of mortgage-backed loans 
and unsecured loans repayable in instalments. 
On 11 March 2020, ESMA, considering the spread of COVID-19 and its impact on the EU financial markets, 
issued four recommendations in the following areas: (1) business continuity planning, (2) market disclosure, (3) 
financial reporting and (4) fund management.

--- Page 213 ---
- 211 - 
 
1. Business Continuity Planning: ESMA has recommended all financial market participants to be ready to 
apply their contingency plans to ensure operational continuity in line with regulatory obligations. 
2. Market disclosure: issuers should disclose as soon as possible any relevant significant information 
concerning the impacts of COVID-19 on their fundamentals, prospects or financial situation in 
accordance with their transparency obligations under the Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (MAR), as a 
disclosure obligation contained in Article 17, paragraph 1 of the MAR, pursuant to which issuers are 
required to disclose to the public without delay any inside information directly concerning them. 
3. Financial reporting: ESMA has recommended issuers to provide transparency on the actual and potential 
impacts of COVID-19, to the extent possible based on both a qualitative and quantitative assessment on 
their business activities, financial situation and economic performance in their 2019 year-end financial 
report if these have not yet been finalised or otherwise in their interim financial reporting disclosures. 
4. Fund Management: ESMA has encouraged fund managers to continue to apply the requirements on risk 
management and to react accordingly. 
The ECB, at its monetary policy meeting held on 12 March 2020, decided to adopt a comprehensive set of 
monetary policy measures, consisting of three key elements: first, safeguarding liquidity conditions in the banking 
system through a series of favourably-priced longer term refinancing operations (LTROs); second, protecting the 
continued flow of credit to the real economy through a fundamental recalibration of targeted longer term 
refinancing operations (TLTROs); and, third, preventing tightening of financing conditions for the economy in a 
pro-cyclical way via an increase in the asset purchase programme (APP). 
As regards TLTRO, the Governing Council decided to apply considerably more favourable terms during the 
period from June 2020 to June 2021 to all TLTRO III operations outstanding during that time. Throughout this 
period, the interest rate on these TLTRO III operations will be 25 basis points below the average rate applied in 
the Eurosystem's main refinancing operations. 
The Governing Council also decided to add a temporary envelope of additional net asset purchases of €120 billion 
until the end of the year, ensuring a strong contribution from the private sector purchase programmes. On 18 
March 2020, this was followed by the announcement of the €750 billion Pandemic Emergency Purchase Program 
(PEPP), increased with a further €600 billion on 4 June 2020. Net asset purchases under the PEPP ended as of 
April 2022. Principal payments from maturing securities purchased under it are being reinvested in full. 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB Banking Supervision leg, the SSM, published the first supervisory response to 
provide banks with a temporary capital and operational relief. According to the ECB statements: i) banks are 
allowed to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance, the capital conservation 
buffer (CCB) and the LCR to release resources for financing households and undertakings; ii) the ECB encourages 
also national macroprudential authorities to relax the countercyclical capital buffer (“CCyB”); iii) banks are 
allowed to partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital to meet 
the Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R), for example Additional Tier 1 (AT1) or Tier II instruments; iv) banks will discuss 
with the ECB further individual measures, such as modified timetables, processes and deadlines (e.g. for on-site 
inspections or remedial actions); v) flexibility will be granted for the application of the ECB Guidance to banks 
on non-performing loans to adjust to bank's specific situation due to COVID-19. 
On 10 February 2022, the ECB announced that it did not see it as necessary to allow banks to operate below the 
level of capital defined by their Pillar 2 Guidance beyond December 2022, nor to extend beyond March 2022 the 
supervisory measure that allow them to exclude central bank exposure from their leverage ratios. Therefore, banks 
are: (i) expected to operate above Pillar 2 Guidance from 1 January 2023; (ii) re-include central bank exposures 
in leverage ratio from 1 April 2022; and (iii) have ample headroom above capital and leverage ratio requirements.  
Among the various measures adopted by the Italian government to address the epidemiological emergency due to 
COVID-19 outbreak, on 17 March 2020 Law Decree No. 18 (“Cura Italia Decree”) was adopted. The Cura Italia 
Decree has introduced special measures derogating from the ordinary proceeding of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs 
in order to simplify the requirements for access to the guarantee and strengthen the intervention of the Guarantee 
Fund for SMEs itself, as well as the possibility of transforming the DTA relating to losses that can be carried 
forward but not yet deducted and to the amount of the ACE (“Aiuto alla Crescita Economica“) notional return 
exceeding the total net income, to the extent of 20 per cent. of the impaired loans sold by 31 December 2020.

--- Page 214 ---
- 212 - 
 
On 20 March 2020, the ECB announced additional measures (in addition to those already undertaken on 12 March 
2020 on temporary capital and operational relief for banks) to ensure that its directly supervised banks can 
continue to fulfil their role to fund households and corporations amid the COVID-19 related economic shock to 
the global economy. The ECB published also a detailed FAQ on the measures adopted with the aim of updating 
it as needed. In particular, the ECB recommended to: 
• 
give banks further flexibility in prudential treatment of loans backed by public guarantees, by extending 
to them the preferential treatment foreseen in its Guidance for NPLs for loans guaranteed or insured; 
• 
encourage banks to avoid excessive procyclical effects when applying the IFRS 9 international 
accounting standard; 
• 
activate capital and operational relief measures announced on 12 March 2020. 
On 25 March 2020, the EBA and ESMA published detailed statements to address IFRS 9 accounting issues due 
to the COVID-19 outbreak and linked to the exceptional measures taken by banks and governments to address the 
situation, which affected compliance with the EBA Guidelines on the definition of default (DoD) and 
forbearance/past-due classifications of loans. 
The EBA statement of 25 March 2020 explained the functioning of the prudential framework in relation to the 
exposures in default, the identification of forborne exposures and impaired exposures in accordance with IFRS 9. 
In particular, EBA has clarified some additional aspects of the operation of the prudential framework concerning: 
• 
the classification of exposures in default; 
• 
the identification of forborne exposures; 
• 
the accounting treatment of the aforesaid exposures 
Specifically, the EBA repeated the concept of flexibility in the application of the prudential framework, clarifying 
that an exposure should not be automatically reclassified as (i) exposure in default, (ii) forborne exposure, or (iii) 
impaired exposure under International Financial Reporting Standard - IFRS9, in case of adoption of credit 
tolerance measures (such as debt moratorium) by national governments. 
The ESMA statement of 25 March 2020 provided guidance on the application of IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments) 
addressed to issuers and auditors with regard to the calculation of expected losses and related disclosure 
requirements, in particular, as regards the suspension (or deferral) of payments established for credit agreements 
(e.g. moratorium on debt) that impact the calculation of Expected Credit Loss (ECL) under the principles set forth 
in IFRS 9. On 20 May 2020, ESMA published a Public Statement addressing the implications of the COVID-19 
pandemic on the half-yearly financial reports of listed issuers (the "Public Statement"). The Public Statement 
provided recommendations on areas of focus identified by ESMA and highlighted: i) the importance of providing 
relevant and reliable information, which may require issuers to make use of the time allowed by national law to 
publish half-yearly financial reports while not unduly delaying the timing of publication; ii) the importance of 
updating the information included in the latest annual accounts to adequately inform stakeholders of the impacts 
of COVID-19, in particular in relation to significant uncertainties and risks, going concern, impairment of non-
financial assets and presentation in the statement of profit or loss; and iii) the need for entity-specific information 
on the past and expected future impact of COVID-19 on the strategic orientation and targets, operations, 
performance of issuers as well as any mitigating actions put in place to address the effects of the pandemic. The 
Public Statement was conceived to be applicable also to financial statements in other interim periods when IAS 
34 Interim Financial Reporting is applied. It called on the management, administrative and supervisory bodies, 
including audit committees, of issuers and, where applicable, their auditors, to take due consideration of the 
recommendations included within the statement.". 
On 27 March 2020, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of 
Supervision (“GHOS”), has deferred Basel III implementation to increase operational capacity of banks and 
supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the impact of the COVID-19 
on the global banking system.

--- Page 215 ---
- 213 - 
 
The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline of the 
outstanding Basel III standards: 
• 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred by 
one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor has 
also been extended by one year to 1 January 2028. 
• 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
• 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 2018 
has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
On 27 March 2020, the European Central Bank published a recommendation addressed to significant banks to 
refrain from paying dividends and from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders for the duration of 
the economic shock related to COVID-19. The ECB has decided to extend the recommendation on dividends until 
1 January 2021 with the new Recommendation ECB/2020/35 that repeals the previous Recommendation ECB 
2020/19 of 27 March 2020. 
On 15 December 2020, the ECB recommended that banks exercise extreme prudence on dividends and share buy-
backs. To this end, the ECB asked all banks to consider not distributing any cash dividends or conducting share 
buy-backs, or to limit such distributions, until 30 September 2021. Given the persisting uncertainty over the 
economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB expects dividends and share buy-backs to remain below 
15 per cent. of the cumulated profit for 2019-2020 and not higher than 20 basis points of the CET1 ratio. Banks 
that intend to pay dividends or buy back shares need to be profitable and have robust capital trajectories. They are 
expected to contact their Joint Supervisory Team to discuss whether the level of intended distribution is prudent. 
The recommendation remained valid until the end of September 2021. On 23 July 2021, the ECB decided not to 
extend dividend recommendation beyond September 2021 with the new Recommendation ECB/2021/31. In 
particular, the ECB considered that the reduced economic uncertainty allows the thorough supervisory assessment 
of the prudence of bank’s plans to distribute dividends and conduct share buybacks on an individual basis with a 
careful forward-looking assessment of capital plans in the context of the normal supervisory cycle. 
On 1 April 2020 the ECB provided banks with further clarifications on the use of forecasts for the Expected Credit 
Loss (ECL) calculations under IFRS 9, after having invited banks to opt, if not done before, for applying the IFRS 
9 five-year transitional arrangements included in the CRR to mitigate the First Time Application (FTA) capital 
impact of the new accounting principle. 
On 2 April 2020, the EBA published more detailed guidance on the criteria to be fulfilled by legislative and non-
legislative moratoria applied before 30 June 2020. The Guidelines acknowledged that Member States have 
implemented a broad range of support measures in order to minimise the medium- and long-term economic 
impacts of the efforts taken to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. In light of this, the EBA Guidelines clarify 
several aspects of payment moratoria, such as that they do not automatically trigger the classification as forborne 
or distressed restructuring if the measures taken are based on the applicable national law or on an industry or 
sector-wide private initiative agreed and applied broadly by the relevant credit institutions. In June 2020, the EBA 
further extended the application date of its Guidelines by three months, from until 30 September 2020, and on the 
21 September, communicated its phasing-out. However, on 2 December 2020 the Guidelines were reactivated 
until 31 March 2021. 
On 29 January 2021, the EBA published the "Report on the implementation of selected COVID-19 policies", 
which contains a series of clarifications in the form of questions and answers (Q&A) on the interpretation of the 
EBA Guidelines, in particular with regard to the overall duration of the deferred payment to fall within the scope 
of the EBA Guidelines on moratoriums. However, the clarifications did not concern the hypothesis in which the 
moratorium pursuant to law, even if granted before 31 September, was extended for more than 9 months due to a 
subsequent law. 
In continuity with the Cura Italia Decree, Law Decree no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (“Liquidity Decree”) was issued, a 
further measure deemed necessary to support Italian entrepreneurship. The Liquidity Decree, in addition to 
providing an additional guarantee managed by SACE Simest (SACE), a company of the Cassa Depositi e Prestiti 
group, aims to further strengthen the Guarantee Fund for SMEs by redrawing its rules for accessing, by including 
also companies with no more than 499 employees and professionals, as well as increasing the guarantee coverage

--- Page 216 ---
- 214 - 
 
percentages already provided by Article 49 of the Cura Italia Decree (provision that is repealed). In the wake of 
the latter provision, the Liquidity Decree makes further exceptions to the ordinary rules of the Guarantee Fund for 
SMEs, which will be applicable until 31 December 2020. The Government extended such measures until 30 June 
2022. 
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission published a legislative proposal for amending the CRR to ease 
banking activity during the COVID-19 emergency and ensure the flow of loans to households and businesses. 
The measures, both temporary and exceptional, have been promoted to mitigate the immediate impact of COVID-
19 related developments, and they imply: 
• 
the reintroduction of prudential filters to manage the current situations of strong turbulence in the 
markets and to neutralize the effects of losses and gains on the value of debt securities held in the 
portfolio available for sale as if the securities were valued at cost instead of at fair value; 
• 
a temporary approach to market risk in order to allow supervisors to implement appropriate 
measures to avoid automatic increases in the quantitative addendum (in particular over the period 
January 2020 and December 2021); 
• 
more favourable treatment of government guarantees granted during the crisis, aligning the calendar 
provisioning applied to positions with government guarantees with the calendar provisioning 
applied to credits guaranteed by Export Credit Agencies; 
• 
early application of certain measures provided for in CRR2: i) extension of the SME Supporting 
Factor; ii) introduction of the Infrastructure Supporting Factor; iii) improved weighting calibration 
for loans guaranteed by salary/pension share disposals; iv) improved prudential treatment of 
software; 
• 
an adaptation of the timeline of the application of international accounting standards to banks' 
capital (IFRS9 phase-in arrangements); 
• 
the postponement of the date of application of the additional reserve requirement for the leverage 
ratio of systemic banks ("G-SIB buffer"); 
• 
a change in the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio; 
• 
the introduction of a transitional regime for EU Sovereign exposures in the currency of another EU 
Member State. 
Following the positive vote of the plenary session of the European Parliament (19 June 2020), the "CRR Quick-
Fix" has been published in the European Official Journal on 26 June and has entered into force the following day 
(27 June 2020). 
On 19 May 2020, the Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020 (the so-called "Decreto Rilancio") was published in 
the Official Journal, introducing urgent measures in the areas of healthcare, work and economic support, as well 
as social policies, related to the epidemiological emergency caused by COVID-19. 
Such decree has been signed in the Law No. 77/2020. It introduced some provisions (valid until 31 December 
2020) which are aimed at strengthening SME's capital, thus preventing their insolvency risk. Particular reference 
is made to two public tools: "Patrimonio PMI" fund, which is aimed at subscribing new bonds issued by SME 
corporates with €10 million turnover, which have been impacted by COVID-19 a turnover reduction of 33 per 
cent. in April and May 2020 (two tax credits are granted to other investors <20 per cent. of the investment> in 
such corporates, and to the corporates above indicated which have suffered losses <50 per cent. of the losses which 
exceed the 10 per cent. of the Net worth, but in the limit of the 30 per cent. of the capital increase>); and the so-
called "Patrimonio rilancio" (Dedicated assets within CDP) which is aimed at subscribing new bonds (mainly 
convertible bonds) and shares in order to support the real economy. 
In August 2020 the Government approved the Law Decree "August" (Law Decree 14 August 2020, No. 104, 
converted into Law 13 October 2020, No. 126) containing several urgent measures in support of health, work and

--- Page 217 ---
- 215 - 
 
economy, linked to the COVID-19 emergency. The measures introduced by the Law regard the extension of the 
moratorium for SME until 31 January 2021 (formerly 30 September 2020) and, for tourist sector, until 31 March 
2021. Such prorogation operate automatically, unless expressly waived by the beneficiary company. They also 
provide technical changes to the possibility (Article 55, Law Decree Cura Italia No. 18/2020) to convert the DTAs 
into tax credits (application to special regimes, such as consolidated and transparency). The decree above 
mentioned also widens the scope of the public guarantee, too, extending the FCG guarantee scope to companies 
which already got a prorogation of the guarantee due to temporary difficulties of the beneficiary and including 
financial intermediation and holding financial assets activities in the 30k guaranteed loans. It also extends SACE 
guarantee scope also to companies admitted to the arrangement procedure with business continuity (or certified 
plans and restructuring agreements) if their exposures are not classifiable as non-performing exposures (at the 
date of submission of the application), they don't present amounts in arrears and the lender can reasonably assume 
the full repayment of the exposure at maturity. 
In October and November 2020, the Council of Ministers approved the "Relieves" Law Decree (Law Decree 28 
October 2020, No. 137) and the "Relieves 2" Law Decree (Law Decree 9 November 2020, No. 
149) which provides further urgent measure regarding health protection, support to workers and production 
sectors, justice and safety linked to COVID-19 epidemic. Main measures introduced by the Law are a non- 
refundable aid for enterprises whose sectors have been restricted and the prorogation of "rental" Tax credit to 
October-December period and extension to enterprises with turnover exceeding €5 million and which have had a 
50 per cent. reduction of turnover. In March 2021, the Council of Ministers approved the "Support" Law Decree 
(Law Decree 22 March 2021, No. 41) which provides further urgent measure regarding health protection, support 
to workers and production sectors linked to COVID-19 pandemic. Such decree introduces a new non-refundable 
aid for enterprises and professionals which have had a 30 per cent. reduction of turnover. 
Finally, among the measures adopted in response to the COVID-19 emergency, we recall the Capital Markets 
Recovery Package proposal (so-called "quick fix") published by the European Commission in July, which 
proposes targeted amendments to the MiFID, the Prospectus Regulation as well as the Securitization Regulation. 
The package aimed to provide European economies with some relief to face the crisis emerging from the COVID-
19 pandemic.

--- Page 218 ---
- 216 - 
 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
General Information 
Name: 
Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) 
S.A. 
(“Mediobanca 
International”). 
Date of Incorporation: 
Mediobanca International was incorporated in 13 September 1990 and 
its registered office was transferred to Luxembourg by a resolution of 
the Shareholders before a notary on 21 December 2005 and the articles 
of incorporation were published in the Mémorial Recueil des Sociétés 
et Associations number 567 on 17 March 2006. The articles of 
association were amended on 5 October 2007 and were published in the 
Mémorial Recueil des Sociétés et Associations number 2995 on 24 
December 2007. The articles of association were further amended on 
30 January 2017 and were published in the Recueil électronique des 
Sociétés et Associations number RESA_2017_042 of 16 February 
2017. 
The 
LEI 
code 
of 
Mediobanca 
International 
is 
549300DV870NBWY5W279. 
Legislation: 
Mediobanca International operates under Luxembourg law. 
Registered Office and Telephone 
Number: 
4, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, Tel. No.: (00352) 267303-1. 
Registration: 
Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés Luxembourg number B112885. 
Financial Year: 
Mediobanca International’s financial year ends on 30th June of each 
year. 
General Meetings: 
General Meetings are held at least once a year. 
Share Information 
Authorised and Issued Capital: 
EUR 10,000,000 as at 30 June 2022 divided into 1,000,000 ordinary 
shares of EUR 10.00 each. 
Reserves: 
EUR 326,042,785 as at 30 June 2022. 
Controlling Shareholders: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Change of control: 
Mediobanca International is not aware of any agreements aimed at 
bringing about future changes regarding the ownership structure of 
Mediobanca International. 
Management 
Board of Directors: 
The Articles of Association provide for a Board of Directors consisting 
of at least three members elected by the general meeting of shareholders 
for a term of office not to exceed six years. 
Directors: 
The Board of Directors is responsible for setting authorisation levels, 
defining organisational structure, defining the system of internal 
control and reviewing it on a regular basis, and approving the bank’s 
accounts and interim statements. The Board of Directors has been 
appointed by the shareholders meeting held on 16 October 2020 and is 
composed as follows:

--- Page 219 ---
- 217 - 
 
 
Director 
Place and date of birth 
Posts held inside 
Mediobanca 
International 
 
Giovanni Mancuso 
Turin  
on 5 December 1954 
Chairman and 
Director 
 
Alessandro Ragni  
Milan  
on 23 May 1977 
Managing 
Director & CEO 
 
Massimo Amato 
Lecce  
on 15 January 1958 
Director 
 
Piero Pezzati 
Milan 
on 23 March 1953 
Director 
 
Jessica Spina 
Manchester 
on 27 January 1969 
Director 
 
Stéphane Bosi 
Monticelli d'Ongina  
on 27 April 1953 
Director 
 
Lara Pizzimiglia 
Piacenza  
on 21 June 1969 
Director 
 
The business address of each of the directors is 4, Boulevard Joseph II, 
L-1840 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with the 
exceptions of Massimo Amato whose business address is 20, rue C. 
Martel, L-2134 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and of 
Jessica Spina and Lara Pizzimiglia whose business address is Piazzetta 
E. Cuccia 1, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any of the 
Directors’ duties to Mediobanca International and their private interests 
or other duties. 
Authorised managers: 
Day-to-day management is entrusted to two authorised managers: 
Alessandro Ragni (Managing Director and CEO) and Rocco Cosimo 
Damiano Di Leo (Chief Financial Officer). 
Approved independent auditors: 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, incorporated under the 
laws of Luxembourg, with its registered office at 2, rue Gerhard 
Mercator, B.P 1443, L-2182 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and 
Companies Register under number B65477 (“PwC Luxembourg”), 
was designated, during a meeting of the Board of Directors held on 11 
September 2012, the Mediobanca International’s independent auditors 
(réviseur d'entreprises agréé). Their mandate was renewed by the 
Board of Directors on 14 December 2016 for a period ending at the 
shareholders’ annual general meeting which was held in 2021. 
PwC Luxembourg has audited the non-consolidated financial 
statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the year ended 30 
June 2021. 
PwC Luxembourg is registered as a cabinet de révision with the public 
register of company auditors drawn up by the Luxembourg Ministry of 
Justice and is a member of the Institute of Independent Auditors 
(l'Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) and is approved by the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (“CSSF”) in the 
context of the law dated 23 July 2016 on the audit profession, as 
amended. 
The auditing firm Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme, incorporated 
under the laws of Luxembourg, with its registered office at 35E, Avenue 
John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, and registered with the

--- Page 220 ---
- 218 - 
 
Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number B47771 
(“EY Luxembourg”) has been appointed, during the meeting of the 
Board of Directors held on 20 October 2021, as Mediobanca 
International's independent auditors (réviseur d'entreprises agréé), for 
a period ending at the shareholders’ annual general meeting which will 
be held in 2027. 
EY Luxembourg has audited the non-consolidated financial statements 
of Mediobanca International as at and for the year ended 30 June 2022 
EY Luxembourg is registered as a cabinet de révision with the public 
register of company auditors drawn up by the Luxembourg Ministry of 
Justice and is a member of the Institute of Independent Auditors 
(l'Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) and is approved by the CSSF in 
the context of the law dated 23 July 2016 on the audit profession, as 
amended. 
Corporate governance: 
Mediobanca International is not subject to any compulsory corporate 
governance code of conduct or respective statutory legal provisions. 
The Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, 
as amended, does not make the application of a corporate governance 
code mandatory to Mediobanca International. The Ten Principles of 
Corporate Governance of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange do not 
apply because the shares of Mediobanca International are not listed on 
a regulated market operated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Object and General Business Policy 
Business Operations: 
Article 3 of Mediobanca International’s Article of Association 
provides, among other things, that the object of Mediobanca 
International is to carry out, either within or outside the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, any banking or financial operations authorised by the 
law relating to the financial sector. 
 
Mediobanca International’s principal activity consists of raising funds 
on international markets, by issues of bonds chiefly under short and 
medium-term notes programmes guaranteed by Mediobanca. 
Mediobanca International is also engaged in corporate lending 
operations. 
Risk Management: 
All interest rate, currency, credit and other risks are managed within the 
Mediobanca Group. 
Tax Treatment: 
See “Taxation - (B) Tax Regime for Mediobanca International issues – 
Luxembourg”.

--- Page 221 ---
- 219 - 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
Mediobanca International only produces non-consolidated annual financial statements. 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years ended 30 
June 2022 and 2021 were prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. 
All of the above non-consolidated financial statements, prepared in each case together with the notes thereto, are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the year ended 30 June 2021 have been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, whose reports thereon are attached to such non-consolidated 
annual financial statements. The non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the year ended 30 June 
2022 have been audited by Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme, whose reports thereon are attached to such non-
consolidated annual financial statements.

--- Page 222 ---
- 220 - 
 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed in the paragraph headed 
“Dealers” in the section headed “General Description of the EUR 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme” above and to such additional persons which are appointed from time to time as dealers in respect of 
the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed from time to time as a dealer solely in respect of one or more 
Tranches. 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 30 December 
2022 as further amended or supplemented from time to time (the “Dealer Agreement”) between each Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by each Issuer 
to the Permanent Dealers. However, the relevant Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own 
behalf to Dealers which are not Permanent Dealers. The relevant Issuer may also offer and sell Notes directly to 
investors without the involvement of any Dealer. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices 
related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by 
the relevant Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of such Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for 
Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Dealer Agreement, the relevant Issuer, failing whom, where applicable, 
the Guarantor, has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain liabilities (including fees and expenses) in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme, the offer and sale of the Notes and to indemnify the Dealers 
against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in 
relation to all the Dealers or any of them by Mediobanca and Mediobanca International, acting together or, in 
relation to itself and Mediobanca and Mediobanca International only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not 
less than ten Business Days’ notice. 
General 
The selling restrictions described below may be supplemented or modified by the agreement of the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor (where applicable) and the Dealers following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
Any such supplement or modification shall be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws, 
regulations and directives in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense, and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which 
it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (where applicable), nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. Other persons into whose 
hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, 
offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in this sub-section headed “General”. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold, underwritten or placed and it will not 
offer, sell, underwrite or place the Notes or do anything with respect to the Notes:

--- Page 223 ---
- 221 - 
 
(a) 
otherwise than in conformity with (i) the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial 
Instruments) Regulations 2017 of Ireland (the “MiFID II Regulations”), including, without limitation, 
Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) 
thereof and in connection with the MiFID II Regulations, any applicable rules or codes of conduct or 
practice issued, or any conditions or requirements, or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the 
Central Bank of Ireland and (ii) the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 of Ireland and of 
the Investment Intermediaries Act 1995 to the extent applicable; 
(b) 
otherwise than in conformity with all applicable provisions of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 and Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending 
Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) (together, “MiFID II”) and any applicable 
rules or codes of conduct or practice and if acting under an authorisation granted to it for the purposes of 
MiFID II, otherwise than in conformity with the terms of that authorisation; 
(c) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse, the Market Abuse Directive on criminal 
sanctions for market abuse (Directive 2014/57/EU), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 
2016 of Ireland, and any Irish market abuse law as defined in those Regulations or the Companies Act 
2014 of Ireland, (the “2014 Act”) and any rules made or guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland 
in connection with the foregoing, including any rules made or guidelines issued by the Central Bank of 
Ireland under Section 1370 of the 2014 Act; and 
(d) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of (i) the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and 
any delegated or implementing acts adopted thereunder, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 
2019 of Ireland and any other Irish prospectus law as defined in the 2014 Act, the Central Bank 
(Investment Market Conduct) Rules 2019 of Ireland, and any other rules made or guidelines issued under 
Section 1363 of the 2014 Act by the Central Bank of Ireland; (ii) the 2014 Act; (iii) the Central Bank 
Acts 1942 to 2018 of Ireland and any rules or codes of conduct or practice made under Section 117(1) of 
the Central Bank Act 1989 of Ireland and any regulations issued pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank 
(Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 of Ireland, and (iv) every other enactment that is to be read 
together with any of the foregoing Acts. 
References in this section to any legislation (including, without limitation, European Union legislation) shall be 
deemed to refer to such legislation as the same has been or may from time to time be amended, supplemented, 
consolidated or replaced and shall include reference to all implementing acts or measures, delegated acts, statutory 
instruments, regulations, rules and guidance in respect thereof. 
United States of America 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee thereof have been nor will they be registered under the Securities Act or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act) except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  
The applicable Final Terms will identify whether Regulation S Compliance Category 2, TEFRA C rules or 
TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (a) as part of its distribution at any time or 
(b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the Issue Date, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the 
Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance

--- Page 224 ---
- 222 - 
 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, any offer or sale of Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an applicable 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer to the public of such Notes in that Relevant 
State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a “Non-exempt Offer”) 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by 
the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose 
of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 225 ---
- 223 - 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, 
and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes incudes the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(A) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a Public Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus 
in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, provided that 
any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, 
in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, 
and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(B) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(C) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(D) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,

--- Page 226 ---
- 224 - 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression “UK 
Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(i) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(ii) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by 
the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or, in the case of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
Unless the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in the Republic of 
Italy, the offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy except: 
(1) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 
of 
the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(2) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (1) or (2) above must:

--- Page 227 ---
- 225 - 
 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended (the “Italian Banking Act”); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Italian 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time,) and/or 
any other Italian authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, to the extent it is applicable, 
where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (1) and (2) above, the subsequent 
distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the 
public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 
11971/1999. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void 
and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the 
investors. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in any Notes described 
herein. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in or 
into Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), except under the following 
exemptions under the FinSA: 
(a) 
to any person that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of the FinSA; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances falling within Article 36 of the FinSA; 
provided, in each case, that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) and (ii) above shall require the publication of 
a prospectus for offers of Notes and/or the publication of a key information document ("KID") (or an equivalent 
document) pursuant to the FinSA. 
The Notes have not been and will not be listed or admitted to trading on any trading venue in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any offer, the Notes or an 
Issuer constitutes a prospectus or a KID (or an equivalent document) as such terms are understood pursuant to the 
FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any offer, the 
Notes or an Issuer may be distributed or otherwise made available in Switzerland in a manner which would require 
the publication of a prospectus or a KID (or an equivalent document) in Switzerland pursuant to the FinSA. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any offer, the Notes or an 
Issuer have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it 
will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 
1949, as amended) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 228 ---
- 226 - 
 
GENERAL CONSENT — THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS 
These terms (the “Authorised Offeror Terms”) will be relevant in the case of any Tranche of Notes, if (and only 
if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”. They are the Authorised 
Offeror Terms which will be referred to in the “Acceptance Statement” to be published on the website of any 
financial intermediary which (a) is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II and (b) accepts such offer by 
publishing an Acceptance Statement on its website. 
1. 
General 
The relevant financial intermediary: 
(a) 
Applicable Rules: acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance 
of any applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”) including, without limitation and in each case, 
Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any 
person and disclosure to any potential Investor; 
(b) 
Subscription and sale: complies with the restrictions set out under “Plan of Distribution” in this 
Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a relevant Dealer and with any further relevant 
requirements as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
Fees, commissions and benefits: ensures that any fee, commission, benefits of any kind, rebate 
received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes does 
not violate the Rules and is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors; 
(d) 
Licences, consents, approvals and permissions: holds all licences, consents, approvals and 
permissions required in connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes 
under the Rules; 
(e) 
Violation of Rules: it will immediately inform the Issuer, the Guarantor and any relevant Dealer 
if at any relevant time it becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules; 
(f) 
Anti-money laundering, bribery and corruption: complies with, and takes appropriate steps in 
relation to, applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, prevention of corruption and “know 
your client” Rules, and does not permit any application for Notes in circumstances where the 
financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the purchase monies; 
(g) 
Record-keeping: retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period required 
under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the Rules, make 
such records available to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer or directly to the 
appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the relevant 
Dealer in order to enable the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with 
anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and “know your client” Rules applying to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer; 
(h) 
Breach of Rules: does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant 
Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer to any 
requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(i) 
Publicity names: does not use the legal or publicity names of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
relevant Dealer(s) or any other name, brand or logo registered by an entity within their 
respective groups or any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest or in 
any statements (oral or written), marketing material or documentation in relation to the Notes; 
(j) 
Information: does not give any information other than that contained in this Base Prospectus (as 
may be amended or supplemented by the Issuer from time to time) or make any representation 
in connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of interest in, the Notes; 
(k) 
Communications: agrees that any communication in which it attaches or otherwise includes any 
announcement published by the Issuer (via any relevant applicable methods) at the end of the

--- Page 229 ---
- 227 - 
 
Offer Period will be consistent with the Base Prospectus, and (in any case) must be fair, clear 
and not misleading and in compliance with the Rules and must state that such Authorised 
Offeror has provided it independently from the Issuer and must expressly confirm that the Issuer 
has not accepted any responsibility for the content of any such communication; 
(l) 
Legal or publicity names: does not use the legal or publicity names of the relevant Dealer, the 
Issuer or any other name, brand or logo registered by any entity within their respective groups 
or any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest or in any statements 
(oral or written), marketing material or documentation in relation to the Notes; 
(m) 
Any other conditions: agrees to any other conditions set out in paragraph 10 of Part B of the 
relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Indemnity 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees that if either of the Issuer or the Guarantor incurs any liability, 
damages, cost, loss or expense (including, without limitation, legal fees, costs and expenses and any 
value added tax thereon) (a “Loss”) arising out of, in connection with or based on any inaccuracy of any 
of the foregoing representations and warranties or any breach of any of the foregoing undertakings then 
the relevant financial intermediary shall pay to the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) on demand 
an amount equal to such Loss. 
3. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees that: 
(a) 
the contract between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the financial intermediary formed upon 
acceptance by the financial intermediary of the offer of the Issuer and the Guarantor to use this 
Base Prospectus with their consent in connection with the relevant Public Offer (the 
“Authorised Offeror Contract”), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law; 
(b) 
the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise 
out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including a dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) 
and accordingly the relevant financial intermediary submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts; 
(c) 
each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, be 
entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are 
expressed to be, for their benefit but, subject to this, a person who is not a party to the Authorised 
Offeror Contract has no right to enforce any term of the Authorised Offeror Contract; and 
(d) 
the parties to the Authorised Offeror Contract do not require the consent of any person not a 
party to the Authorised Offeror Contract to rescind or vary the Authorised Offeror Contract at 
any time.

--- Page 230 ---
- 228 - 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(A) 
Form of Final Terms for Notes with a denomination less than EUR 100,000 
The following form of Final Terms shall be used for the issue of Notes having a denomination of less than EUR 
100,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currencies in which the Notes are denominated). 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly completed 
to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does 
not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended and superseded, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended and superseded, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[EEA MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPS target market - Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]; 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution 
of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate, including: investment advice[, / and] portfolio management[, / and] 
[non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable] [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]]  
[EEA MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPS only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any

--- Page 231 ---
- 229 - 
 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “Distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]  
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPS target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA(“UK MiFIR”), EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate, including: investment 
advice[, / and] portfolio management[, / and] [non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “Distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels [subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness under COBS, as applicable.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPS only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the [Notes] (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms 
[MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44 / 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300DV870NBWY5W279] Issue of [currency] [aggregate principal 
amount] Notes due [maturity] 
[guaranteed in the case of Notes issued by 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300DV870NBWY5W279 by 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44] under the 
Euro [40,000,000,000] 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme

--- Page 232 ---
- 230 - 
 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Dealer(s)][●]]  
The date of these Final Terms is [●] 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used herein 
shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 
[30 December 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [insert date] [delete if not applicable],] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as supplemented from time to 
time]. Full information on the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to 
the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at [address] and [website] and copies may be obtained [upon 
request] from the [Issuer] [Dealer(s)]/ [Distributor(s)]. [For the purposes of article 23(3) of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129), the Issuer [in its role of distributor] will set out the means through which 
the investors will be contacted [and assisted]]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used herein 
shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [11 January 2007][4 December 2007][12 December 2008][16 December 2009][13 January 
2011][30 November 2011][23 January 2013][27 January 2014][19 December 2014][11 December 2015][22 
December 2016][24 January 2018] [21 December 2018][16 December 2019][18 December 2020][22 December 
2021]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated 30 December 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]], which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the 
Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] which is incorporated by reference 
to the Base Prospectus dated 30 December 2022. Full information on the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and the offer 
of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectuses 
dated [date of original base prospectus] and [●] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]]. The Base 
Prospectuses [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at the registered office[s] 
of the Issuer [and of the Guarantor] [at [●].] The Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of 
the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/ /).] [For the purposes of article 23(3) of the Prospectus Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2017/1129), the Issuer [in its role of distributor] will set out the means through which the 
investors will be contacted [and assisted]]. 
[A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “not applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if individual items are deleted.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
PART A – GENERAL 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●]

--- Page 233 ---
- 231 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii)] 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series:] 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[identify earlier tranches] on [the Issue Date] [exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 24 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Only relevant if the Notes are fungible with an existing 
Series). 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[Up to] [●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[Up to] [●] 
 
 
 
[The Aggregate Nominal Amount will not exceed [●] and will 
be determined at the end of the Offer Period (as defined in 
paragraph 10 of Part B below) and such final amount will be 
filed with the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority 
and published on the website of the Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/) pursuant to Articles 14(2) and 
Article 18(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. [provided that, 
during the Offer Period the Issuer will be entitled to increase 
the Aggregate Nominal Amount as more fully described 
under paragraph 10 of Part B below.]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[[●] per Note] [[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case 
of fungible issues only, if applicable)]] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up to and 
including [●]. No Notes in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above [●].] 
 
 
 
(Notes including Notes denominated in Sterling, in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
and which have a maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies).) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in relevant month and year.]

--- Page 234 ---
- 232 - 
 
 
 
(N.B. Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, directives and/or the Bank of 
Italy’s 
requirements applicable to the issue of Subordinated Notes 
by the Issuer must have a minimum maturity of five years.) 
 
 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue Date 
and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is 
carried on from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be sold only to “professional investors” or 
(ii) another applicable exemption from section 19 of the 
FSMA must be available.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
(Condition 3(d) (Interest Rate on 
Fixed Rate Notes) or Condition 3(f) 
(Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes) 
or Condition 3(p) (Late payment on 
Zero Coupon Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes 
or (Condition 3(d) (Interest Rate on 
Fixed Rate Notes) or Condition 3(f) 
(Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes) 
or Condition 3(p) (Late payment on 
Zero Coupon Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes) 
[Fixed Rate Notes] 
[[EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [CMS] [PRIBOR] 
[ROBOR] [BUBOR] [CIBOR] [STIBOR] [NIBOR] [specify 
relevant yield of Government securities] +/- [●] per cent. per 
annum Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[Instalment] 
10. 
Change of Interest: 
[Applicable - Condition 3(q) (Interest Rate Switch) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the [English][Italian] Law Notes 
shall apply] 
 
 
[Not Applicable - Condition 3(q) (Interest Rate Switch) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the [English][Italian] Law Notes 
shall not apply] 
 
Interest Rate Switch Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert description of change of interest rate] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
((Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) or (Condition 
4(h) (Redemption at the option of 
holders of Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes 
or (Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) or (Condition 
4(h) (Redemption at the option of 
holders of Notes) of the Terms and 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 235 ---
- 233 - 
 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes)) 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred] [Senior Non Preferred] [Subordinated] 
 
[(iii) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes [and 
Guarantee] obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes or related 
guarantee of the Notes) 
13. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] [Non-syndicated]  
14. 
Governing Law: 
[English law applicable] [Italian law applicable], also in 
accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EC) no. 
864/2007 of 11 July 2007 on the law applicable to non-
contractual obligations (the “Rome II Regulation”) [except 
for: (I) in case of Notes issued by Mediobanca, Conditions 
2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) (Status of the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes), 2(d) (Status of the Subordinated 
Notes), 
4(b) 
(Maturities/Final 
Redemption), 
4(g) 
(Redemption due to Tier II Notes Disqualification Event), 
4(h) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event) 8 
(Events of Default) and 16 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / 
Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes, are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Italian law; (II) in case of 
Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, 
Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 4(b) 
(Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(h) (Redemption due to 
MREL Disqualification Event) and [16/14] (Acknowledgment 
of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of the [Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes], are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Luxembourgish law.] [For the 
avoidance of doubt, articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the 
Luxembourg Company Law shall not apply to Senior 
Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International.] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 15) 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate(s): 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day"] 
 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Accrual Dates(s): 
[The Interest Accrual Dates are [●] in each year up to and 
including the Maturity Date.] [The Interest Accrual Dates

--- Page 236 ---
- 234 - 
 
shall be the Interest Payment Dates.] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on [each Interest 
Payment Date] [the Interest Payment Date(s) falling [in/on] 
[●]] [Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual 
 
 
 
(ISDA)] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 16.) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] [each consisting of [●] Interest Accrual Periods each of 
[●]][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Accrual Dates(s): 
[The Interest Accrual Dates are [●] in each year up to and 
including the Maturity Date.] [The Interest Accrual Dates 
shall be the Interest Payment Dates.] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
(vi) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[●] [Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to specify 
if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this function)] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (ix))

--- Page 237 ---
- 235 - 
 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [CMS] [PRIBOR] 
[ROBOR] [BUBOR] [CIBOR] [STIBOR] [NIBOR] [specify 
relevant yield of Government securities] 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [   ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [   ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag Period 
or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified Duration: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Multiplier 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
Multiplier 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The Interest Determination Date in respect of each Interest 
Period is [the first day of each Interest Period] [the second day 
on which TARGET2 is open prior to the first day of each 
Interest Period] [the day falling two Banking Days prior to the 
first day of each Interest Period] [●]] Typically the second 
TARGET Settlement Day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR) 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01)] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. [London / Brussels] time] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means 
the region comprised of the countries whose lawful currency 
is the euro)] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (x)) 
 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 238 ---
- 236 - 
 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xv) 
Interest calculation method 
for short or long Interest 
Periods: 
[Linear Interpolation, in respect of the Interest Period 
beginning on (and including) [●] and ending on (but 
excluding) [●]]  
 
 
 
[Not Applicable - there are no short or long Interest Periods] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 17) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum. 
 
 
 
Calculated as [include details of method of calculation in 
summary form] on the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 18) 
 
(i) 
European Style: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (i)) 
 
 
• 
Notice Period(s): 
[●] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
 
(ii) 
American Style: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (ii)) 
 
 
• 
Exercise Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Partial Redemption: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 239 ---
- 237 - 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (v)) 
 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount [Not Applicable] 
19. 
Redemption due to Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable (subject to Condition 4(m))/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount 
payable on redemption (in 
the case of Subordinated 
Notes only and subject to the 
prior 
approval 
of 
the 
Relevant Authority) due to 
the occurrence of an event as 
contemplated by Condition 
4(g) (Redemption due to Tier 
II Notes Disqualification 
Event) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or by Condition 
4(g) (Redemption due to Tier 
II Notes Disqualification 
Event) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/Not Applicable] 
20. 
Redemption 
due 
to 
MREL 
Disqualificaton Event: 
[Applicable (subject to Condition 4(m))/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [] days 
Maximum period: [] days 
21. 
Redemption for taxation reasons: 
[Applicable (subject to Condition 4(m))/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(In respect of Senior Notes 
only): 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 22) 
 
(i) 
European Style: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (i)) 
 
 
• 
Notice Period(s): 
[●] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
 
(ii) 
American Style: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 240 ---
- 238 - 
 
 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (ii)) 
 
 
• 
Exercise Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (iv)) 
 
(v) 
Partial Redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (v)) 
 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on Event of Default: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 [An amount in the Specified Currency being the Nominal 
Amount of the Notes] 
 
 
[An amount in the Specified Currency being the higher of (i) 
the Nominal Amount of the Notes and (ii) the fair economic 
value of the Notes at the date of redemption, as determined 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as 
representing the fair economic value of the Note at the date 
of redemption]. 
 
 
[An amount in the Specified Currency which the Calculation 
Agent will determine and calculate in its sole discretion in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as 
representing the fair economic value of the Note at the date 
of redemption, without making any reduction to such value 
by reason of the financial condition of the Issuer but taking 
into account (without duplication) any costs and expenses 
incurred by the Issuer in connection with the termination of 
any agreement or instrument entered into by the Issuer for the 
purposes of hedging the risk arising from the entering into 
and performance of its obligations under the Notes.] 
 
 
[The Early Redemption Amount Payable on Event of Default 
shall be Euro [●] for each Note of Euro [●] Specified 
Denomination.]

--- Page 241 ---
- 239 - 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]. 
 
 
[The Notes will be issued and held in book-entry form by 
[Monte Titoli S.p.A/ include the name of any other custodian 
appointed by the Issuer], as Centralised Custodian.] 
26. 
New Global Note form: 
[Yes/No] 
27. 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
relating to Payment Business Dates: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
 
[Note that this item relates to the date and place of payment 
and not to interest period end dates] 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[No] 
 
 
[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are left. The dates on which 
such Talons mature are [●].] 
29. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
(amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
30. 
Total Repurchase Option / Partial 
Repurchase Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 30) 
 
(i) 
Total Repurchase Option date 
/ Partial Repurchase Option 
date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Repurchase amount(s) and 
method(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 242 ---
- 240 - 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
31. 
Modification of Notes: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable (subject to Condition 9[(d)/(e)] 
[only] [in relation to MREL Disqualification Event / Tier II 
Notes Disqualification Event or a Tax Event][and][in order 
to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
[14/16] (Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-
In Power)] 
RESPONSIBILITY [AND THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.][The 
third party information contained in these Final Terms [[●] has been extracted from [●].] [[Each of the] [The] 
Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such third party information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.].] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
By:  ............................................................................ 
By:  ............................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
 
By:  ............................................................................ 
By:  ............................................................................ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 243 ---
- 241 - 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of Euronext Dublin/Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/Borsa Italiana S.p.A./None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the Euronext Dublin] 
[the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] 
with effect from [●] [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the Euronext Dublin] [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] with effect from [●].] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 2) 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies)]. 
 
 
 
[Depending on the status of the credit rating agency with 
respect to the CRA Regulation, the wording below should be 
considered.] 
 
 
 
[Depending on the status of the credit rating agency with 
respect to the CRA Regulation, the wording below should be 
considered.] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating agency 
is established in the EEA) 
[[(Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating)] is established in the EEA and [is included 
in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets Authority at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither registered nor 
has it applied for registration] under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit

--- Page 244 ---
- 242 - 
 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating agency 
is established in the United Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). [Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
EEA and [is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither registered nor 
has it applied f or registration] under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] / [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] / [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating agency 
is not established in the EEA or the United Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK [but 
the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”)][and][[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)]]. / [but 
is certified under [Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”)][and][Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)] / [and is not certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the

--- Page 245 ---
- 243 - 
 
“CRA Regulation”) or Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in either 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
United Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the United Kingdom which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
[The following brief description of the meaning of the ratings 
to be included if such ratings have been previously published 
by the rating provider] 
[A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The 
rating agenc[y/ies] above [has/have] published the following 
high-level description[s] of such rating[s]: 
- A rating of [  ] by Moody’s France S.A.S. is described by 
it as indicating [●]. 
- A rating of [   ] by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is 
described by it as indicating [●]. 
- A rating of [   ] by Fitch Ratings Ltd. is described by it as 
indicating [●].] 
[The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.] 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
 
[Not applicable.] / [The Central Bank of Ireland [has been requested to provide/has provided - include 
first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the 
Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [Commissione Nazionale per la 
Società e la Borsa] [Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier] [names of competent authorities 
of host Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement thereto dated [●]] has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation][and,

--- Page 246 ---
- 244 - 
 
in the case of an offer to the public, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement thereto dated [●]] have 
been/will be filed with the competent authority of the host Member State.] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Save for the fees payable to the managers [and as discussed in [●],] so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] [Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[Not applicable] [●] 
 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.)] * 
 
(ii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[Not applicable] [●] 
 
 
 
[Include breakdown of expenses.] 
 
[(iii) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[See the section of the Base Prospectus entitled “Use of 
proceeds”.] 
 
 
 
(Delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph if 
Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible 
Sustainability Assets are not relevant. Otherwise, insert the 
details below, to the extent known at the date of the Final 
Terms.) 
 
 
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible 
[Green / Social / Sustainability] Assets[, as set out in further 
detail below]. [Further details on Eligible [Green / Social / 
Sustainability] Assets are included in the “Mediobanca Green 
and Sustainable Bond Framework”, which will be made 
available, [together with the Second-party Opinion,] at  
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-
relations/financing-rating/green-social-and-sustainability-
bond-framework.html]. Capitalised terms shown below have 
the meaning given to them in the section of the Base 
Prospectus entitled “Use of Proceeds”. ] 
 
 
• 
[Eligible assets: 
[   ]] 
 
 
• 
Periodic updates: 
(Insert details of periodic updates, including an updated list 
of Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible 
Sustainability Assets (as the case may be) financed and/or 
refinanced with the net proceeds of the Notes, the amounts 
allocated and their expected impact, any ongoing process of 
verification and information on key performance indicators 
relating to such projects.)

--- Page 247 ---
- 245 - 
 
 
 
• 
Documents 
on 
display: 
(State where the list of eligible assets and any documents 
containing periodic updates are or will be available for 
viewing by Noteholders.)] 
6. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only] YIELD 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 6) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
Yield is calculated on the basis of the Issue Price[,] [and] the 
Fixed Coupon [and the Broken Amount]. 
7. 
[Floating Rate Notes only] HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 7) 
 
Details 
of 
historic 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/CMS/PRIBOR/ROBOR/BUBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR] 
rates 
can be obtained by electronic means and [not] free of charge from [Reuters][●] [insert relevant code of 
information providers].] 
 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011) (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration.]] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI 
[●] [[, as set out on the website of the Association of National 
Number Agencies (ANNA)/ [●]]] [Not applicable] 
 
FISN 
[●] [[, as set out on the website of the Association of National 
Number Agencies (ANNA)/ [●]]] /[Not applicable] 
 
New Global Note intended to be held in 
a 
manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or

--- Page 248 ---
- 246 - 
 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) number(s) and address(es)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Initial Paying Agents: 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (ii)) 
 
 
 
(if applicable give names and addresses and underwriting 
commitments) 
 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names 
and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such 
entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
 
[(iii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable / [●]]  
 
(iv)] 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any):)) 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/

--- Page 249 ---
- 247 - 
 
TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
Non-exempt offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may be made by the 
Managers and [specify if applicable] other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in [specify relevant 
Member State(s) -which must be jurisdictions where the 
Prospectus and any supplements have been passported] 
(“Public Offer Jurisdictions”) during the period from 
[specify date] until [specify date] (“Offer Period”). See 
further Paragraph 10 (Terms and Conditions of the Offer) of 
Part B below. 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
10. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 10) 
 
Offer Period: 
[●] to [●] 
 
Offer Amount: 
[●] [provided that, during the Offer Period, the Issuer will 
be entitled [(following consultation with the relevant 
Dealer(s)[Distributor(s))] to increase such Offer Amount up 
to [●]] [provided [further] that, during the Offer Period the 
Issuer will be entitled [(following consultation with the 
relevant Dealer(s) [Distributor(s)])] to extend the length of the 
Offer Period]. The Issuer [and the relevant Dealer(s) 
[Distributor(s)])] shall forthwith give notice of any such 
[increase] [and/or] [extension] pursuant to Condition 12 
(Notices) of the [Senior / Subordinated] Conditions and 
comply with any applicable laws and regulations.] [specify] 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Description of the application process: [Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable] [●]

--- Page 250 ---
- 248 - 
 
 
Details of the minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place: 
[None] [●] 
11. 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 11) 
 
Consent to the use of Base Prospectus: [The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in 
[Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] [or] [Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg] by all financial intermediaries (general 
consent).] 
 
 
[General consent for the subsequent resale or final placement 
of the Notes in [Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] [or] [Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg] by the financial intermediary[y][ies] 
is given in relation to [●].] 
 
 
[The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in 
[Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] [or] [Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg] by the following financial intermediary[y][ies] 
(individual consent): [insert names] and address[es]].] 
 
 
[Individual consent for the subsequent resale or final 
placement of the Notes in [Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] [or] 
[Grand 
Duchy of 
Luxembourg] by the financial 
intermediary[y][ies] is given in relation to [●] to [insert 
names] and address[es]] and [give details].] 
 
 
[The Issuer[s]’s consent to the use of the Base Prospectus by 
each [Dealer] [and] [financial intermediary] is subject to the 
condition that such [Dealer] [and] [financial intermediary] 
complies with the applicable selling restrictions as well as the

--- Page 251 ---
- 249 - 
 
terms and conditions of the offer.] 
 
 
[Such Issuer[s]’s consent to the use of the Base Prospectus is 
also subject and given under condition that the [Dealers] [and] 
[financial intermediaries] using the Base Prospectus 
commit[s] [themselves] [itself] towards [their] [its] customers 
to a responsible distribution of the Notes. This commitment 
is made by the publication of the [Dealers] [and] [financial 
intermediaries] on [their] [its] website stating that the 
prospectus is used with the consent of the Issuer and subject 
to the conditions set forth with the consent].] [Beside, such 
consent is not subject to and given under any condition.] 
 
 
[The subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes by 
financial intermediaries in [Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] 
[or] [Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] can be made [as long as 
the Base Prospectus is valid in accordance with Article 12 of 
the Prospectus Regulation] [●].] 
PART C – SUMMARY OF THE SPECIFIC ISSUE 
[Insert Summary of the specific issue]

--- Page 252 ---
- 250 - 
 
(B) 
Form of Final Terms for Notes with a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 
The following form of Final Terms shall be used for the issue of Notes having a denomination of at least EUR 
100,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currencies in which the Notes are denominated). 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly completed 
to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does 
not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended and superseded, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended and superseded, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[EEA MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPS target market - Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]; 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution 
of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate, including: investment advice[, / and] portfolio management[, / and] 
[non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable] [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]]  
[EEA MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPS only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “Distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject

--- Page 253 ---
- 251 - 
 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]  
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPS target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA(“UK MiFIR”), EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate, including: investment 
advice[, / and] portfolio management[, / and] [non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “Distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels [subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness under COBS, as applicable.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPS only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the [Notes] (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’ ] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms 
[MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44 / 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300DV870NBWY5W279] 
Issue of [currency] [aggregate principal amount] Notes due [maturity] 
[guaranteed in the case of Notes issued by MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. Legal 
Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300DV870NBWY5W279 by 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44] 
under the 
Euro [40,000,000,000] 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Issue Price: [●] per cent.

--- Page 254 ---
- 252 - 
 
[Dealer(s)][●]]  
The date of these Final Terms is [●] 
The Base Prospectus dated 30 December 2022 referred to below (as [supplemented by the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated [insert date] [delete if not applicable] and] completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared 
on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area will be made pursuant 
to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offer of the 
Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of the Notes may only 
do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they 
authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances. 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used herein 
shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Senior / Subordinated] Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 30 December 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [insert date] [delete 
if not applicable],] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2017/1129). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as 
supplemented from time to time]. Full information on the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and 
the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at [address] and [website] and copies may 
be obtained [upon request] from [address]]. 
[The Notes cannot be sold, offered or distributed to any retail client as defined pursuant to point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, in any EEA Member State.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used herein 
shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Senior / Subordinated] Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [11 January 2007][4 December 2007][12 December 2008][16 December 
2009][13 January 2011][30 November 2011][23 January 2013][27 January 2014][19 December 2014][11 
December 2015][22 December 2016][24 January 2018][21 December 2018][16 December 2019][18 December 
2020][22 December 2021]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 30 December 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in 
respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] which is incorporated 
by reference to the Base Prospectus dated 30 December 2022. Full information on the Issuer [and the Guarantor] 
and the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectuses 
dated [date of original base prospectus] and 30 December 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 
[●]]. The Base Prospectuses [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at the 
registered office[s] of the Issuer [and of the Guarantor] [at [●].] The Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will also be 
published on the website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “not applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if individual items are deleted.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
PART A – GENERAL

--- Page 255 ---
- 253 - 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii)] 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series:] 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[identify earlier tranches] on [the Issue Date] [exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 24 below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [date]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Only relevant if the Notes are fungible with an existing 
Series). 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
[admitted to trading]: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[[●] per Note] [[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case 
of fungible issues only, if applicable)]] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[EUR 100,000] [●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess 
thereof up to and including [●]. No [Senior Preferred] 
[Subordinated] Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [●].] 
 
 
 
([Senior Preferred] [Subordinated] Notes including [Senior 
Preferred] [Subordinated] Notes denominated in Sterling, in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 and which have a maturity of less than one 
year must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies).) 
[EUR 150,000] [EUR 200,000] [●] [and integral multiples of 
[●] in excess thereof up to and including [●]. No [Senior Non 
Preferred Notes] [Subordinated Notes] in definitive form will 
be issued with a denomination above [●].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in relevant month and year.]

--- Page 256 ---
- 254 - 
 
 
 
(N.B. Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives and/or the Bank of Italy’s requirements applicable 
to the issue of Subordinated Notes by the Issuer must have a 
minimum maturity of five years.) 
 
 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue Date 
and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is 
carried on from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be sold only to “professional investors” or (ii) 
another applicable exemption from section 19 of the FSMA 
must be available.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
(Condition 3(d) (Interest Rate on 
Fixed Rate Notes) or Condition 3(f) 
(Interest Rate on Floating Rate 
Notes) or Condition 3(p) (Late 
payment on Zero Coupon Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or (Condition 3(d) 
(Interest Rate on Fixed Rate Notes) or 
Condition 3(f) (Interest Rate on 
Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 
3(p) (Late payment on Zero Coupon 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes) 
[Fixed Rate Notes] 
[[●] per cent. to be reset on [●] [and [●]] and every [●] 
anniversary thereafter] 
[[EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [CMS] [PRIBOR] 
[ROBOR] [BUBOR] [CIBOR] [STIBOR] [NIBOR] [specify 
relevant yield of Government securities] +/- [●] per cent. per 
annum Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[Instalment] 
10. 
Change of Interest: 
[Applicable - Condition 3(q) (Interest Rate Switch) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the [English][Italian] Law Notes 
shall apply] 
 
 
[Not Applicable - Condition 3(q) (Interest Rate Switch) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the [English][Italian] Law Notes 
shall not apply] 
 
Interest Rate Switch Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert description of change of interest rate] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
((Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) or (Condition 
4(h) (Redemption at the option of 
holders of Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes 
or (Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) or (Condition 
4(h) (Redemption at the option of 
holders of Notes) of the Terms and 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 257 ---
- 255 - 
 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes) 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes] [Senior Non Preferred Notes] 
[Subordinated Notes] 
 
[(ii) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes [and 
Guarantee] obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes or related 
guarantee of the Notes) 
13. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] [Non-syndicated] 
14. 
Business Day Convention 
[Following Business Day Convention [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
15. 
Governing Law: 
[English law applicable] [Italian law applicable], also in 
accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EC) no. 
864/2007 of 11 July 2007 on the law applicable to non-
contractual obligations (the “Rome II Regulation”) [except 
for: (I) in case of Notes issued by Mediobanca, Conditions 
2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) (Status of the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes), 2(d) (Status of the Subordinated 
Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption 
due to Tier II Notes Disqualification Event), 8 (Events of 
Default), 4(h) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification 
Event) and 16 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg 
Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law; (II) in case of Senior Preferred 
Notes issued by Mediobanca International, Conditions 2(b) 
(Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final 
Redemption), 4(h) (Redemption due to MREL Disqualification 
Event) and [16/14] (Acknowledgment of the Italian / 
Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of the [Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes], are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Luxembourgish law.] [For the avoidance of 
doubt, articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg Company 
Law shall not apply to Senior Preferred Notes issued by 
Mediobanca International.] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 16) 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate(s): 
[●] per cent. [per annum] [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [in each year[●]] starting from (and including)[●] up 
to(and including)[●] [and including the Maturity Date] / 
[specify other] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the

--- Page 258 ---
- 256 - 
 
definition of “Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of long or short 
coupons) 
 
[(iii)] 
Interest Accrual Dates(s): 
[The Interest Accrual Dates are [●] in each year up to and 
including the Maturity Date.] [The Interest Accrual Dates shall 
be the Interest Payment Dates.] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on [each Interest 
Payment Date] [the Interest Payment Date(s) falling [in/on] 
[●]] [Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
17. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 17) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date [until and excluding [●]] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●] /[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●]

--- Page 259 ---
- 257 - 
 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
(xiv) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
 
(xv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(xvi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[the Agent] / [●] 
18. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 18) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] [each consisting of [●] Interest Accrual Periods each of 
[●]][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
[(iv)] 
Interest Accrual Dates(s): 
[The Interest Accrual Dates are [●] in each year up to and 
including the Maturity Date.] [The Interest Accrual Dates shall 
be the Interest Payment Dates.] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
(vi) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA Determination] (for 
Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) / [Screen 
Rate Determination] (for Senior Non Preferred Notes)] 
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[●] [Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to specify 
if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this function)] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (ix)) 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [CMS] [PRIBOR] 
[ROBOR] [BUBOR] [CIBOR] [STIBOR] [NIBOR] [specify 
relevant yield of Government securities]

--- Page 260 ---
- 258 - 
 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [   ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [   ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag Period 
or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[   ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified Duration: [●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Multiplier 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
Multiplier 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The Interest Determination Date in respect of each Interest 
Period is [the first day of each Interest Period] [the second day 
on which TARGET2 is open prior to the first day of each 
Interest Period] [the day falling two Banking Days prior to the 
first day of each Interest Period] [●]] Typically second 
TARGET Settlement Day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. [London / Brussels] time] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means 
the region comprised of the countries whose lawful currency 
is the euro)] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] (for Senior Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes) / [Not Applicable] (for Senior Non 
Preferred Notes)] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (x)) 
 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 261 ---
- 259 - 
 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[●] [Not Applicable](for Senior Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes)/Not Applicable(for Senior Non 
Preferred Notes)] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[●] [Not Applicable](for Senior Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes)/Not Applicable(for Senior Non 
Preferred Notes)] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
 
(xv) 
Interest calculation method 
for short or long Interest 
Periods: 
[Linear Interpolation, in respect of the Interest Period 
beginning on (and including) [●] and ending on (but 
excluding) [●]]  
 
 
 
[Not Applicable - there are no short or long Interest Periods] 
19. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 19) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum. 
 
 
 
Calculated as [include details of method of calculation in 
summary form] on the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 20) 
 
(i) 
European Style: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (i)) 
 
 
• 
Notice Period(s): 
[●] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
 
(ii) 
American Style: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (ii)) 
 
 
• 
Exercise Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Call) 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 262 ---
- 260 - 
 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
 
(v) 
Partial Redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (v)) 
 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Redemption due to Tier II Notes 
Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable (subject to Condition 4(m))/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount 
payable on redemption (in 
the case of Subordinated 
Notes only and subject to the 
prior 
approval 
of 
the 
Relevant 
Authority) 
as 
contemplated by Condition 
4(g) (Redemption due to Tier 
II Notes Disqualification 
Event) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or by Condition 
4(g) (Redemption due to Tier 
II Notes Disqualification 
Event) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Redemption 
due 
to 
MREL 
Disqualificaton Event: 
[Applicable (subject to Condition 4(m))/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [] days 
Maximum period: [] days 
23. 
Redemption for taxation reasons: 
[Applicable (subject to Condition 4(m))/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/Not Applicable] 
24. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(In respect of Senior Notes 
only): 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 24) 
 
(i) 
European Style: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (i))

--- Page 263 ---
- 261 - 
 
 
 
• 
Notice Period(s): 
[●] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
 
(ii) 
American Style: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (ii)) 
 
 
• 
Exercise Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Partial Redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (v)) 
 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
26. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable on Event of Default: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
[An amount in the Specified Currency being the Nominal 
Amount of the Notes] 
 
 
 
[An amount in the Specified Currency being the higher of (i) 
the Nominal Amount of the Notes and (ii) the fair economic 
value of the Notes at the date of redemption, as determined 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as 
representing the fair economic value of the Note at the date of 
redemption]. 
 
 
 
[An amount in the Specified Currency which the Calculation 
Agent will determine and calculate in its sole discretion in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as 
representing the fair economic value of the Note at the date of 
redemption, without making any reduction to such value by 
reason of the financial condition of the Issuer but taking into 
account (without duplication) any costs and expenses incurred 
by the Issuer in connection with the termination of any 
agreement or instrument entered into by the Issuer for the 
purposes of hedging the risk arising from the entering into and 
performance of its obligations under the Notes.] 
 
 
 
[The Early Redemption Amount Payable on Event of Default 
shall be Euro [●] for each Note of Euro [●] Specified 
Denomination.]

--- Page 264 ---
- 262 - 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice.] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]. 
 
 
 
[the Permanent Global Note representing the Notes shall only 
be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances of (1) closure of the ICSDs; and (2) default of 
the Issuer] 
 
 
 
[The Notes will be issued and held in book-entry form by 
[Monte Titoli S.p.A/ include the name of any other custodian 
appointed by the Issuer], as Centralised Custodian.] 
28. 
New Global Note form: 
[Yes/No] 
29. 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
relating to Payment Business Dates: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
 
[Note that this item relates to the date and place of payment 
and not to interest period end dates] 
30. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[No] 
[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are left. The dates on which 
such Talons mature are [●].] 
31. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
(amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
32. 
Total Repurchase Option / Partial 
Repurchase Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 32) 
 
(i) 
Total Repurchase Option 
date / Partial Repurchase 
Option date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 265 ---
- 263 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Repurchase amount(s) and 
method(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
33. 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable] 
34. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
35. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
36. 
Modification of Notes: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable (subject to Condition 9[(d)/(e)] 
[only] [in relation to MREL Disqualification Event / Tier II 
Notes Disqualification Event or a Tax Event][and][in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
[14/16] (Acknowledgement of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-
In Power)] 
RESPONSIBILITY [AND THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.] [The 
third party information contained in these Final Terms [[●] has been extracted from [●].] [[Each of the] [The] 
Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such third party information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.].] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
By:   ............................................................................. 
By:   ............................................................................. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
 
By:   ............................................................................. 
By:   ............................................................................. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 266 ---
- 264 - 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of Euronext Dublin/Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/Borsa Italiana S.p.A./None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the Euronext Dublin] 
[the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] with 
effect from [●] [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [the Euronext Dublin] [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
[Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] with effect from [●].] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to 
admission to 
trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of this 
paragraph 2) 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity(ies)]. 
 
 
[Depending on the status of the credit rating agency with 
respect to the CRA Regulation, the wording below should be 
considered.] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating agency is 
established in the EEA:) 
 
 
[[(Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating)] is established in the EEA and [is included in 
the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets Authority at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither registered nor has 
it applied for registration] under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United

--- Page 267 ---
- 265 - 
 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating agency is 
established in the United Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
[FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the EEA and [is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the website of 
the European Securities and Markets Authority at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither registered nor has 
it applied f or registration] under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] / [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] / [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating agency is 
not established in the EEA or the United Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK [but 
the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”)][and][[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)]]. / [but 
is certified under [Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”)][and][Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)] / [and is not certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”) or Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA

--- Page 268 ---
- 266 - 
 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in either the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
United Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the United Kingdom which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
 
[Not applicable] / [The Central Bank of Ireland [has been requested to provide/has provided – include 
first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the 
Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [Commissione Nazionale per la 
Società e la Borsa] [Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier] [names of competent 
authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [and 
the supplement thereto dated [●]] has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Save for the fees payable to the managers [and as discussed in [●],] so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the issue/offer.] [Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
[(i) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[Not applicable] [●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and sources 
of other funding.)] * 
[(ii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
 
 
[Include breakdown of expenses.] 
[(iii) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[See the section of the Base Prospectus entitled “Use of 
proceeds”.]

--- Page 269 ---
- 267 - 
 
 
 
(Delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph if 
Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible 
Sustainability Assets are not relevant. Otherwise, insert the 
details below, to the extent known at the date of the Final 
Terms.) 
 
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible 
[Green / Social / Sustainability] Assets[, as set out in further 
detail below]. [Further details on Eligible [Green / Social / 
Sustainability] Assets are included in the “Mediobanca Green 
and Sustainable Bond Framework”, which will be made 
available, [together with the Second-party Opinion,] at  
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-
rating/green-social-and-sustainability-bond-framework.html]. 
Capitalised terms shown below have the meaning given to 
them in the section of the Base Prospectus entitled “Use of 
Proceeds”. ]  
 
[Eligible assets: 
[   ]] 
 
Periodic updates: 
(Insert details of periodic updates, including an updated list of 
Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible 
Sustainability Assets (as the case may be) financed and/or 
refinanced with the net proceeds of the Notes, the amounts 
allocated and their expected impact, any ongoing process of 
verification and information on key performance indicators 
relating to such projects.) 
 
Documents on display: 
(State where the list of eligible assets and any documents 
containing periodic updates are or will be available for 
viewing by Noteholders.)] 
6. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only] YIELD 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of this 
paragraph 6) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
7. 
[Floating 
Rate 
Notes 
only] 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of this 
paragraph 7) 
 
Details 
of 
historic 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/CMS/PRIBOR/ROBOR/BUBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR] 
rates 
can be obtained by electronic means and [not] free of charge from [Reuters][●] [insert relevant code of 
information providers].] 
 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) 
(the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently

--- Page 270 ---
- 268 - 
 
required to obtain authorisation or registration.]] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI 
[●] [[, as set out on the website of the Association of National 
Number Agencies (ANNA)/ [●]]] /[Not applicable] 
 
FISN 
[●] [[, as set out on the website of the Association of National 
Number Agencies (ANNA)/ [●]]] /[Not applicable] 
 
New Global Note intended to be held 
in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) number(s) and address(es)] 
 
Initial Paying Agents: 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers and 
underwriting commitments: 
Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph (i))

--- Page 271 ---
- 269 - 
 
 
 
(if applicable give names and addresses and underwriting 
commitments) 
Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment basis and names and addresses 
of the entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities are not 
the same as the Managers.) 
 
[(iii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable / [●]]  
 
(iv)] 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any):)) 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
10. 
SECONDARY 
MARKET 
PRICING 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraph of this 
paragraph 10) 
 
 
[In the event that the Issuer decides to purchase the Notes from 
the Noteholder prior to the Maturity Date, the secondary 
market pricing provided by the Issuer on the Notes will reflect 
[●] (give details of hedge unwinding costs and/or loss of profit 
related to such hedging portfolio)] 
11. 
SPECIFIC 
BUY 
BACK 
PROVISIONS 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraph of this 
paragraph 11) 
 
 
[The value of the Notes shall reflect and shall be calculated on 
the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions. 
 
 
The Market Value of the Underlying Transactions affects the 
repurchase price (Buy Back Price), if any, of the Notes, before 
their maturity.]

--- Page 272 ---
- 270 - 
 
 
Underlying Transactions: 
Information on the composition (unbundling) of the Interest 
Basis, in particular the Extra-Yield with respect to the yield of 
Notes with equal payoff but without Specific Buy Back 
Provisions, and the composition of the Underlying 
Transactions, and any relevant changes thereof, shall be 
published on [the website of Mediobanca www.mediobanca.it] 
[the website of Mediobanca International www.mediobanca.it] 
[the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [the website 
of the Euronext Dublin] [specify alternative method of 
publication]].]

--- Page 273 ---
- 271 - 
 
TAXATION 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuers’ country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
The following is a general overview of certain Italian, Luxembourg and Irish tax aspects of the purchase, the 
ownership and the disposal of the Notes. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax issues 
which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport 
to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors and of Notes, some of which (such as 
dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult in any case their own tax advisers concerning the 
overall tax regime of their purchase, ownership and disposal of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position 
to duly consider the specific situation of the prospective investor. 
This overview assumes that Mediobanca and Mediobanca International are resident for tax purposes in the 
Republic of Italy and in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg respectively and are structured and conduct their 
business in the manner outlined in this Base Prospectus. Changes in Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca 
International’s organisational structure, tax residence or the manner in which each of them conducts its business, 
as well as in case of substitution of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor as more fully set out in Condition 13 
(Substitution of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and of the Subordinated Notes, may 
invalidate this overview. This overview also assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm’s 
length. 
Where in this overview English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian, Luxembourg and Irish concepts, 
the meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent 
Italian, Luxembourg and Irish concepts under Italian, Luxembourg and Irish tax laws. 
This overview is based upon the laws and/or practice in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which may 
be subject to any changes in law and/or practice occurring after such date, which could be made on a retroactive 
basis. Neither Mediobanca nor Mediobanca International will update this summary to reflect changes in law 
and/or practice. If any such change should occur, the information in this overview could become obsolete. 
References to “Noteholders” herein are references to the holders of the Subordinated Notes and/or the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Preferred Notes. 
(A) 
Italian Taxation of the Notes issued by Mediobanca 
Tax on interest, premiums and other proceeds 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended and supplemented (“Decree No. 239”), regulates 
the tax treatment of interest, premiums and other income (including the difference between the redemption amount 
and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Interest”) from certain securities issued, inter alia, by 
Italian resident banks. The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to Notes which qualify as obbligazioni (bonds) 
or titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917 of 22 
December 1986, as amended and supplemented (“Decree No. 917”). For these purposes, securities similar to 
bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation of the issuer to 
pay at maturity an amount not lower than their nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, 
and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in 
connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
The tax regime set forth by Decree No. 239 also applies to interest, premium and other income from regulatory 
capital financial instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, Italian 
banks, other than shares and assimilated instruments.

--- Page 274 ---
- 272 - 
 
1. 
Notes qualifying as bonds or similar securities 
Italian resident investors 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest accrued on Notes issued by Mediobanca will be subject 
to a substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) at the rate of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or when 
payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale of the Notes) in the Republic of Italy if made to 
beneficial owners who are: 
1) 
individuals resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes, holding the Notes not in connection 
with entrepreneurial activities; 
2) 
Italian resident partnerships (other than “società in nome collettivo”, “società in accomandita 
semplice” or similar partnerships), de facto partnerships not carrying out commercial activities; 
3) 
Italian resident public and private entities, other than companies, trusts not carrying out mainly 
or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; and 
4) 
Italian resident entities exempt from corporate income tax, 
All the above categories are qualified as “net recipients” (unless the relevant Noteholder has entrusted 
the management of its financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and has opted 
for the so-called risparmio gestito regime (the “Asset Management Regime”), according to Article 7 of 
Decree No. 461). 
In the event that the Noteholders described above under 1) and 3) are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. As a 
consequence, Interest on the Notes is subject to ordinary final income tax and the imposta sostitutiva 
may be recovered as a deduction from the final Italian income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraph 
100 – 114, of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (“Law No. 232”), Article 1, paragraphs 211 – 215 of 
Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018 (“Law No. 145”) and Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 
October 2019 (“Law Decree No. 124”), as subsequently amended. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 
219-225 of Law no. 178 of 30 December 2020 (“Law No. 178”), it is further provided that Italian resident 
individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with 
Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124/2019 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding 
to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realized in respect of certain qualifying 
financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain 
conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the 
relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di 
intermediazione mobiliare (so-called “SIMs”), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio, 
stockbrokers and other entities, resident in Italy, identified by a Decree of the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance (“Intermediaries” and each an “Intermediary”), that intervene in any way in the collection of 
the Interest or, also as transferees, in the transfers or, disposals of the Notes. An intermediary must (i) be 
(a) resident in Italy, or (b) a permanent establishments in Italy of a non Italian resident Intermediary or 
(c) an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of 
securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of Italian Ministry of Finance having 
appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 239 and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the 
collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals of the Notes. For the purpose of the 
application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of notes includes any assignment or other act, either with 
or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant notes or in a change 
of the Intermediary with which the notes are deposited.

--- Page 275 ---
- 273 - 
 
Payments of Interest in respect of Notes issued by Mediobanca that qualify as obbligazioni or titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni are not subject to the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva if made to beneficial 
owners who are: 
1) 
Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of non resident corporations 
to which the Notes are effectively connected; 
2) 
Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities (società in nome collettivo or 
società in accomandita semplice); 
3) 
Italian resident open-ended or closed-ended collective investment funds, investment companies 
with a variable capital (“SICAVs”), investment companies with fixed capital (“SICAFs”), 
(together the “Funds” and each a “Fund”), Italian resident pension funds subject to the regime 
provided for by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 (the “Pension 
Funds”), Italian resident real estate investment funds with fixed capital (“Real Estate SICAFs”) 
and Italian resident real estate investment funds (together, the “Real Estate Funds”); 
4) 
Italian residents holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an Italian authorised 
financial intermediary and have opted for the Asset Management Regime. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of the imposta sostitutiva, 
the investors indicated here above under 1) to 4) must be (a) the beneficial owners of payments of Interest 
on the Notes and (b) timely deposit the Notes together with the coupons relating to such Notes directly 
or indirectly with an Italian authorised financial Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a 
foreign Intermediary). Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Italian 
authorised Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the imposta 
sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes 
or, absent that, by the Issuer. Recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments 
in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta 
sostitutiva suffered from income taxes due. 
Interest accrued on the Notes shall be included in the corporate taxable income (and in certain 
circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also in the net value of production for 
purposes of regional tax on productive activities – “IRAP”) of beneficial owners who are Italian resident 
corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, subject to tax in Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules. 
Italian residents holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have opted for the 
Asset Management Regime in connection with their investment in the Notes are subject to a 26 per cent. 
annual substitute tax (the “Asset Management Tax”) on the increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes during 
the holding period). The Asset Management Tax is applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing 
authorised intermediary. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is a Fund and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised 
intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the financial results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to 
taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the “Collective Investment Fund Tax”). 
Where a Noteholder is a Real Estate Fund, to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 
September 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and 
Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply, Interest accrued on the Notes will be 
subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund, 
provided that the Notes are timely deposited with an Intermediary. The income of the Real Estate Fund 
is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, 
or, when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units.

--- Page 276 ---
- 274 - 
 
Where the Italian resident investor is a Pension Funds subject to the regime set forth by Article 17, 
paragraph 2, of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005, Interest relating to the Notes and 
accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of each tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. tax 
(the “Pension Fund Tax”) on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax 
year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes during the holding period). 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement), Interest 
in respect to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax pursuant to 
Article 1, paragraph 92, of Law No. 232 if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of 
Law No. 232, Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145, and Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, 
each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Non-Italian resident investors 
According to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest accrued on the Notes issued by Mediobanca that 
qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni will not be subject to the 26 per cent. Imposta 
sostitutiva if made to beneficial owners who are non- Italian resident beneficial owners of Notes not 
having a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, provided that: 
• 
such non-Italian resident beneficial owners are resident for tax purposes in a country which 
allows an adequate exchange of information with Italy as listed in the Decree of the Minister of 
Finance dated 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented by Ministerial Decree of 23 
March 2017, and possibly further amended by future decree issued pursuant to Article 11 
paragraph 4 (c) of Decree 239 (the “White List”); and 
• 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and the relevant implementing 
rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from the imposta 
sostitutiva have been promptly and properly complied with. 
Decree No. 239, as amended and restated, also provides for additional exemptions from the substitute 
tax for payments of Interest in respect of the Notes made to: 
• 
international bodies and organisations established in accordance with international agreements 
ratified in Italy; 
• 
foreign institutional investor, whether or not subject to tax, set up in a country included in the 
White List; and 
• 
Central Banks or entities managing official State reserves. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of the imposta sostitutiva, 
non-Italian resident investors must: 
• 
be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes; 
• 
timely deposit the Notes together with the coupons relating to such Notes directly or indirectly 
with a resident bank or a società di intermediazione mobiliare (SIM) or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM or with a non-resident operator 
participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via computer, 
with the Italian Ministry of Economics having appointed an Italian representative for the 
purposes of Decree No. 239; and 
• 
promptly file with the relevant depository a self-declaration stating, inter alia, to be resident, 
for tax purposes, or established, as the case may be, in a White List State. Such self-declaration 
- which is requested neither for international bodies nor for entities set up in accordance with 
international agreements ratified by Italy nor for foreign Central Banks or entities managing 
official State reserves - must comply with the requirements set forth by Italian Ministerial

--- Page 277 ---
- 275 - 
 
Decree of 12 December 2001 and is valid until withdrawn or revoked. Additional statements 
may be required for non-Italian resident Noteholders who are institutional investors. 
Failure of a non-resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in 
Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta 
sostitutiva on Interest payments to a non-resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-resident holders of the Notes who are subject to substitute tax might, nevertheless, be eligible for a 
total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of 
residence of the relevant holder of the Notes. 
2. 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes issued by Mediobanca that are not deemed to fall within the category 
of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), but qualify as 
atypical securities (titoli atipici) for Italian tax purposes, may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at 
the rate of 26 per cent.. For this purpose, as indicated above, pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917, 
securities similar to bonds are securities that (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at 
maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value and (ii) do not grant to the relevant holders any 
right to directly or indirectly participate to the management of the issuer or of the business in relation to 
which they are issued or to control the same management. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian resident individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected, (ii) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian resident commercial entity, 
(iii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected, 
(iv) an Italian resident commercial partnership or (v) an Italian resident commercial private or public 
institution, the above-mentioned 26 per cent. withholding tax applies as a provisional withholding tax. 
In all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final 
withholding tax. Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in 
certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax in case of payments to non Italian resident Noteholders, subject 
to proper compliance with relevant subjective and procedural requirements. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes not falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar 
to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) and qualify as titoli atipici (“atypical securities”) pursuant to 
Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, if such Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, 
paragraph 100 – 114 of Law No. 232, Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and Article 13-bis 
of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 
1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing, 
by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 
2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, 
losses and negative differences realized in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised 
in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met 
(e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and 
negative differences against future capital gains). 
For the sake of completeness, it is worth pointing out that non-Italian resident Noteholders may be 
entitled to claim, if certain relevant conditions are met, a reduction of such 26 per cent. withholding tax 
under the double taxation treaty (generally, to 10 per cent. or to the other applicable rates, if more 
favourable), if any, entered into by Italy and its country of residence, subject to timely filing of required 
documentation. 
3. 
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Noteholders

--- Page 278 ---
- 276 - 
 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable 
business income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also as part 
of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian resident company or a 
similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the 
Notes are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an (i) individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or 
public institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes 
would be subject to a substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva), levied at the current rate of 26 per cent.. 
Noteholders may generally set-off capital losses with gains of the same nature. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any Interest on the Notes accrued and unpaid 
up to the time of the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the purchase price and 
the sale price, respectively. 
In respect of the application of such imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers under (i) to (iii) above may opt for 
one of the three regimes described below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for  taxpayers 
under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, 
on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss of the same nature, realised by taxpayers under (i) to 
(iii) above pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. Italian 
taxpayers under (i) to (iii) above must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of 
any relevant incurred capital loss of the same nature, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva 
on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital 
gains may be carried forward against capital gains of the same nature realised in any of the four 
succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, may elect to pay the 
imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, provided for by Article 6 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 
21 November 1997, as a subsequently amended, hereinafter the “Decree 461/1997”). Such separate 
taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or 
certain authorised financial intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) 
and (ii) an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the 
relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of 
capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains 
realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss of the same nature, and is 
required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the 
Noteholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of 
the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted only from capital gains of the same nature 
subsequently realised, within the same securities management relationship, in the same tax year or in the 
following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not 
required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted 
for the Asset Management Regime (the so-called regime del risparmio gestito, provided by Article 7 of 
Decree 461/1997) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed 
assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the 
managing authorised intermediary. Under the Asset Management Regime, any depreciation of the 
managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against any increase in value of the managed 
assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the Asset Management Regime, the 
Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in 
respect of Notes realized upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the

--- Page 279 ---
- 277 - 
 
Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 
per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232, 
Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them 
as amended and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law No. 178, 
it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term 
individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may 
benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realized 
in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings 
account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the 
possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against 
future capital gains). 
In the case of Notes held by Funds, capital gains on the Notes contribute to determine the increase in 
value of the managed assets of the Funds accrued at the end of each tax year. The Funds will not be 
subject to taxation on such increase, but the Collective Investment Fund Tax will apply, in certain 
circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Noteholders who are Italian Pension Funds (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the 
result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the Pension Fund Tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement), capital 
gains realised in respect to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax 
pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 92, of Law No. 232 if the Notes are included in a long-term individual 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100 – 
114, of Law No. 232, Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and Article 13-bis of Law Decree 
No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident Real Estate Funds are not taxable at the level of the same 
Real Estate Funds, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be 
subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, 
depending on the status of the Noteholders and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate 
Fund is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or the shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Noteholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated 
markets in Italy or abroad are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, regardless of whether the Notes are 
held in Italy. In such a case, in order to beneﬁt from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, 
non-Italian resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised financial intermediary 
and elect to be subject to the Asset Management Regime or are subject to the risparmio amministrato 
regime according to Article 6 of Decree No. 461, may be required to produce in due time to the Italian 
authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration that they are not resident in Italy for tax 
purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated 
markets issued by an Italian or non-Italian resident issuer may in certain circumstances be taxable in Italy, 
if the Notes are held in Italy. 
However, non-Italian resident beneficial owners of Notes without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains 
realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes, provided that the beneficial owners: (i) are resident in a 
White List State; or (ii) are international entities or bodies set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (iii) are Central Banks or entities which manage, 
inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) are institutional investors which are set up in a 
country included in the White List, even if they do not have the “status” of taxpayer in its own country 
of establishment. In such cases, in order to benefit from the exemption from Italian taxation on capital 
gains, non-Italian resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised financial

--- Page 280 ---
- 278 - 
 
intermediary and elect to be subject to the Asset Management Regime or are subject to the risparmio 
amministrato regime according to Article 6 of Decree No. 461, may be required to produce in due time 
to the Italian authorised financial Intermediary an appropriate self-declaration stating that they meet the 
subjective requirements indicated above. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident 
Noteholders who are institutional investors. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by said non-Italian resident Noteholders 
from the sale or redemption of Notes are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per 
cent. 
Moreover, in any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing 
that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax 
residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised 
upon the sale or redemption of Notes. In such a case, in order to beneﬁt from this exemption from Italian 
taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised 
financial intermediary and elect to be subject to the Asset Management Option or are subject to the 
risparmio amministrato regime according to Article 6 Decree No. 461, may be required to produce in 
due time to the Italian authorised financial intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, 
a statement of residence from the competent tax authorities of the country of residence of the non-Italian 
resident. 
Please note that for a non-Italian resident, the risparmio amministrato regime provided for by Article 6 
of Decree No. 461 shall automatically apply, unless it expressly waives this regime, where the Notes are 
deposited in custody or administration with an Italian resident authorised financial intermediary or 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign intermediary. 
(B) 
Tax regime of the Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International 
1. 
Tax treatment of the Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International in Luxembourg 
Luxembourg tax residency of the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes 
A holder of the Senior Notes will not become resident, or be deemed to be resident, in the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg by reason only of the holding of the Senior Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery 
and/or enforcement of the Senior Notes (holding of the Notes includes receipt of interest and repayment 
of the principal). 
Withholding tax 
All payments of interest and principal by the Issuer in the context of the holding, disposal, redemption 
or repurchase of the Senior Notes can be made free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance with the applicable Luxembourg 
law, subject however: 
(i) 
with respect to Luxembourg resident investors, to the application as regards Luxembourg 
resident individuals of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as modified, which foresees 
a 20% final withholding tax (which is final when Luxembourg resident individuals are acting 
in the context of the management of their private wealth) on interest payments made by 
Luxembourg paying agents to Luxembourg individual residents. This withholding tax also 
applies on accrued interest received upon sale, redemption or repurchase of the Senior Notes. 
Luxembourg resident investors not holding Senior Notes as a business assets may benefit, under 
conditions, from such final 20% withholding tax for interest payments that are made through a 
paying agent established in another EU-Member State or in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area; and 
(ii) 
responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the above-mentioned Luxembourg 
modified law of 23 December 2005, as modified, is assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent 
within the meaning of these laws.

--- Page 281 ---
- 279 - 
 
Income taxation of the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-residents 
Holders of the Senior Notes who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who do not have a permanent 
establishment or a permanent representative in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to which the Senior 
Notes are attributable are not liable to any Luxembourg income tax, whether they receive payments of 
principal, payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest), payments received upon the 
redemption of the Senior Notes, or realize capital gains on the sale of any Senior Notes. 
Holder of the Senior Notes who are non-resident of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and who have a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to which the 
Senior Notes are attributable on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Senior Notes are 
subject to Luxembourg income tax and municipal business tax. 
Taxation of Luxembourg residents 
Interest Income 
Holders of the Senior Notes who are residents of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, or non-resident 
holders of the Senior Notes who have a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to which the holding of the Senior Notes is attributable, must, for income 
tax purposes, include any interest received in their taxable income. They will not be liable to any 
Luxembourg income tax on repayment of principal. 
For individuals resident in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the 20% tax withheld at source constitutes 
a final taxation to the extent the Senior Notes do not constitute business assets. 
Capital Gains 
Luxembourg resident individuals 
Luxembourg resident individuals who are holders of the Senior Notes and who are acting in the course 
of the management of their private wealth are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the disposal 
of the Senior Notes, unless the disposal of the Senior Notes precedes the acquisition of the Senior Notes 
or the Senior Notes are disposed of within six months of the date of acquisition of these Senior Notes. 
Upon redemption of the Senior Notes, individual Luxembourg resident holders of the Senior Notes must 
however include the portion of the redemption price corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest in their 
taxable income except if (a) withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the 
law of 23 December 2005, as amended, or (b) the individual holder of the Senior Notes has opted for the 
application of a 20% tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, 
as amended, which applies if a payment of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in an EU Member State (other than Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area. 
Luxembourg resident individuals who are holders of the Senior Notes and who are acting in the course 
of the management of their professional or business undertaking to which the Senior Notes are 
attributable, on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Senior Notes are subject to 
Luxembourg income tax and municipal business tax. 
Luxembourg resident companies – Luxembourg permanent establishment of foreign enterprises 
Luxembourg resident companies (sociétés de capitaux) that are holders of the Senior Notes or foreign 
enterprises which have a permanent establishment in Luxembourg to which the Senior Notes are 
attributed, must include in their taxable income the difference between the disposal price (including 
accrued but unpaid interest) and the book value of the Senior Notes disposed of. 
Luxembourg resident entities benefiting from a special tax regime

--- Page 282 ---
- 280 - 
 
Holders of the Senior Notes who are undertakings for collective investment governed by the amended 
law of 17 December 2010, specialized investment funds governed by the amended law of 13 February 
2007, family wealth management companies governed by the amended law of 11 May 2007 or reserved 
alternative investment funds organized similarly to special investment funds and governed by the law of 
23 July 2016, are tax exempt entities in Luxembourg, and are thus not subject to any Luxembourg direct 
taxes (i.e. corporate income tax, municipal business tax and net wealth tax) with respect to the Senior 
Notes. 
Companies subject to the amended law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital investment companies and or 
reserved alternative investment funds organized similarly to venture capital investment companies and 
subject to the law of 23 July 2016 might enjoy an exemption on income and gains from the Senior Notes 
in accordance with, and subject to, the requirements of such laws. 
Net Wealth Tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on a holder of a Senior Note unless: (i) such holder is, or 
is deemed to be, resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant provisions; or (ii) such Senior 
Note is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on through a permanent establishment 
or a permanent representative in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
As from 1 January 2016 the minimum corporate income tax regime has been replaced by a minimum net 
wealth tax levied either at a fixed amount of EUR 4,815 as from 1 January 2017 for Luxembourg 
corporate taxpayers holding financial assets exceeding 90% of their balance sheet and a total balance 
sheet of EUR 350,000 or at a progressive scale between EUR 535 and EUR 32,100 depending on the 
balance sheet total (the “Minimum Net Wealth Tax”). Effective as from that date the Minimum Net 
Wealth Tax also applies to securitization companies, undertakings for collective venture capital 
investments (SICAR) and reserved alternative investment funds organized similarly to venture capital 
investment companies. 
A corporate holder of a Senior Note, whether resident of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for tax 
purposes or maintaining a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg to which such Senior Notes are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg wealth tax if 
the holder is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate companies, as amended, by the law 
of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment (except for the Minimum Net Wealth 
Tax), as amended, by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or is a 
securitisation company governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation (except for the Minimum 
Net Wealth Tax), as amended, or a capital company governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture 
capital vehicles, as amended, or a reserved alternative investment fund organized governed by the law of 
23 July 2016 (except for the. Minimum Net Wealth Tax if the fund is organized similarly to a venture 
capital investment company). 
In respect of individuals, the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 has abolished the net wealth tax 
with effect from 1 January 2006. 
Other Taxes 
1. 
Registration duties 
It is not compulsory that the Senior Notes be filed, recorded, enrolled or subject to any other 
formality in Luxembourg with any notary, any court or other authority in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg in order to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility as evidence 
of any of the Senior Notes in Luxembourg, or that registration tax, transfer tax, capital tax, 
stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty be paid in respect of or in connection with the 
execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment 
in the courts of Luxembourg) of the Senior Notes, in accordance therewith, except that, in case 
the Senior Notes are registered (or lodged with a notary’s records), either voluntarily or by order 
of a Luxembourg court in case of legal proceedings or a Luxembourg official authority, or if 
they are attached (annexés) to any document subject to mandatory registration in the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg (such as a public deed), a fixed or an ad valorem registration duty of

--- Page 283 ---
- 281 - 
 
0.24% calculated on the amounts of loans or other obligations of sums of money mentioned in 
the Senior Notes will be due. In practice such kind of registration is rarely ordered. 
2. 
VAT 
There is no Luxembourg value-added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for 
the issue of the Senior Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the 
Senior Notes or the transfer of Senior Notes, provided that Luxembourg value-added tax may, 
however, be payable in respect of fees charged for certain services rendered to the Issuer, if for 
Luxembourg value-added tax purposes such services are rendered, or are deemed to be rendered, 
in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and an exemption from Luxembourg value-added tax does 
not apply with respect to such services. 
3. 
Inheritance and gift tax 
No Luxembourg inheritance tax is levied on the transfer of Senior Notes upon the death of a 
Noteholder in cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax 
purposes. 
Luxembourg gift tax will be levied in the event that the gift is made pursuant to a notarial deed 
signed before a Luxembourg notary. 
2. 
Tax treatment of the Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International in Italy 
Tax on interest, premium and other proceeds 
Decree No. 239, regulates the tax treatment of interest, premiums and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as 
“Interest”) from certain securities issued, inter alia, by non-Italian resident banks. The provisions of 
Decree No. 239 only apply to Notes which qualify as obbligazioni (bonds) or titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, 
as amended and supplemented (“Decree No. 917”). For these purposes, securities similar to bonds (titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni) are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation of the issuer to pay 
at maturity an amount not lower than their nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, 
and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the 
business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
(i) 
Senior Notes qualifying as bonds or similar securities 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, a substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent referred to as imposta 
sostitutiva is applied on Interest on Senior Notes qualifying as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities 
similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) within the meaning of Article 44 of Decree 
No. 917 issued by a non-Italian resident issuer accrued during the relevant holding period, if 
received by beneficial owners who are: 
(1) 
individuals resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes, holding the Notes not in 
connection with entrepreneurial activities; 
(2) 
Italian resident partnerships (other than “società in nome collettivo”, “società in 
accomandita semplice” or similar partnerships), de facto partnerships not carrying out 
commercial activities; 
(3) 
Italian resident public and private entities, other than companies, trusts not carrying out 
mainly or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial 
entities not carrying out commercial activities; and

--- Page 284 ---
- 282 - 
 
(4) 
Italian resident entities exempt from corporate income tax, unless they have entrusted 
the management of his financial assets, including the Senior Notes, to an authorised 
intermediary and have opted for the Asset Management Regime. 
If the Noteholders described under paragraphs (1) and (3) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Senior Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies 
as a provisional tax. As a consequence, the Interest is subject to the ordinary income tax and the 
imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the final income tax due. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by Italian 
Intermediaries or by permanent establishments in Italy of Intermediaries resident outside Italy. 
Italian Intermediaries (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign Intermediaries) must 
intervene in any way in the collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals 
of the Senior Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of 
notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results 
in a change of the ownership of the relevant notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which 
the notes are deposited. 
Where the Senior Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the 
substitute tax is applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary (or permanent establishment 
in Italy of foreign intermediary) that intervenes in the payment of Interest to any Noteholder. 
Where Interest on Senior Notes beneficially owned by the subjects from paragraphs (1) to (4) 
above are not collected through the intervention of an Italian resident intermediary and as such 
no imposta sostitutiva is applied, the above Italian resident beneficial owners will be required 
to declare Interest in their yearly income tax return and subject them to final substitute tax at a 
rate of 26 per cent. (only limited to those Noteholders not engaged in a business activity to 
which the Senior Notes are effectively connected), unless option for a different regime is 
allowed and made. Italian resident Noteholders that are individuals not engaged in 
entrepreneurial activity may elect instead to pay ordinary personal income taxes at the 
progressive rates applicable to them in respect of Interest on such Senior Notes: if so, the 
beneficial owners should be generally entitled to a tax credit for withholding taxes applied 
outside Italy, if any. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), Interest in 
respect of the Senior Notes that qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni 
received by Italian resident individuals holding the Senior Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 
June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, 
including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Senior Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 
1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232, Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and 
Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable from time to 
time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law No. 178, it is further provided that 
Italian resident individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings 
account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit 
from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences 
realized in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term 
individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. 
including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and 
negative differences against future capital gains). 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual who has not qualified as an Italian tax 
resident for at least 9 of the past 10 years, who transferred the tax residence to Italy and who 
opted for the application of a yearly € 100,000 substitute tax on the foreign-sourced income 
pursuant to Article 24-bis of Decree No. 917/1986, as introduced by the Law No. 232 of 11 
December 2016 (the “2017 Budget Law”), the payment of such substitute tax will replace any 
income tax on the foreign-sourced income, including Interest on Senior Notes. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder who is beneficial owner of the Senior Notes is a company 
or similar commercial entity, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to

--- Page 285 ---
- 283 - 
 
which the Senior Notes are effectively connected and the Senior Notes and relevant coupons 
are timely deposited with an Intermediary, Interest from the Senior Notes will not be subject to 
the imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Noteholder’s annual income tax 
return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (and, in certain 
circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also to IRAP). In such cases, the 
beneficial owners should be generally entitled to a tax credit for withholding taxes applied 
outside Italy, if any. 
For those categories of Noteholders not specifically mentioned in this paragraph and for 
Noteholders who are Italian Pension Funds, Italian Funds or Real Estate Funds please refer to 
paragraph “Italian Taxation of Notes issued by Mediobanca – Tax on interest, premium and 
other proceeds – Notes qualifying as bonds or similar securities - Italian resident investors” 
above. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
No Italian substitute tax is applied on payments to a non-Italian resident Noteholder not having 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Senior Notes are effectively connected of 
Interest relating to Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer. 
If Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer and beneficially owned by non-Italian 
residents are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other 
resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or in any 
case an Italian resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
intermediary) intervenes in the payment of Interest on such Senior Notes, to ensure payment of 
Interest without application of Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Noteholder may be required 
to produce to the Italian bank or other intermediary a self-declaration stating that he or she is 
not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Senior Notes would be subject to the same 
tax regime as described under (A).3. “Capital gains tax”, above. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual who has not qualified as an Italian tax 
resident for at least 9 of the past 10 years, who transferred the tax residence to Italy and who 
opted for the application of a yearly € 100,000 substitute tax on the foreign-sourced income 
pursuant to art. 24-bis of Decree No. 917/1986, as introduced by the 2017 Budget Law, the 
payment of such substitute tax will replace any income tax on the foreign-sourced income, 
including capital gains on the sale or redemption of Senior Notes held out of the Italian territory. 
(ii) 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities 
Interest payments to Italian resident Noteholders relating to Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian 
resident issuer that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), but qualify as atypical securities 
(titoli atipici) for Italian tax purposes, may be subject to Italian withholding tax, levied at the 
rate of 26 per cent.. For this purpose, as indicated above, pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 
917, securities similar to bonds are securities that (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to 
pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value and (ii) do not grant to the 
relevant holders any right to directly or indirectly participate to the management of the issuer or 
of the business in relation to which they are issued or to control the same management. 
If the Senior Notes are issued by a non-Italian resident issuer, a 26 per cent. “entrance” 
withholding tax may apply in Italy if the Senior Notes are placed (“collocate”) in Italy and 
Interest payments on the Notes are collected through an Italian bank or other qualified financial 
intermediary. However, the 26 per cent. “entrance” withholding tax does not apply to Interest 
payments made:

--- Page 286 ---
- 284 - 
 
(a) 
to a non-Italian resident Noteholder. If Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian resident 
issuer and beneficially owned by non-Italian residents are deposited with an Italian 
bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or 
permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or in any case an Italian 
resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) 
intervenes in the payment of Interest on such Senior Notes, to ensure payment of 
Interest without application of Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Noteholder may 
be required to produce to the Italian bank or other intermediary a self- declaration 
stating that he or she is not resident in Italy for tax purposes; and 
(b) 
to an Italian resident Noteholder which is (i) a company or similar commercial entity 
(including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Senior 
Notes are effectively connected), (ii) a commercial partnership, or (iii) a commercial 
private or public institution. In particular, in such cases, Interest must be included in 
the relevant Noteholder’s annual income tax return, to be therefore subject to general 
Italian corporate taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of 
the Noteholder, also to IRAP) according to the ordinary rules and the beneficial owners 
should be generally entitled to a tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, 
if any. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual who has not qualified as an Italian tax 
resident for at least 9 of the past 10 years, who transferred the tax residence to Italy and who 
opted for the application of a yearly € 100,000 substitute tax on the foreign-sourced income 
pursuant to art. 24-bis of Decree No. 917/1986, as introduced by the 2017 Budget Law, the 
payment of such substitute tax will replace any income tax on the foreign-sourced income, 
including Interest payments relating to Senior Notes. 
With respect to the other categories of Italian resident Noteholders, if Interest payments on 
Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer are not collected through an Italian resident 
bank or other qualified financial intermediary, and as such no “entrance” withholding tax is 
required to be levied, such Noteholders will be required to report the payments in their yearly 
income tax return and subject them to a final substitute tax at rate of 26 per cent. (only limited 
to those Noteholders not engaged in a business activity to which the Senior Notes are effectively 
connected). Italian resident individual beneficial owners holding Senior Notes not in connection 
with a business activity may elect instead to pay ordinary personal income tax at the progressive 
rates applicable to them in respect of Interest payments: if so, the beneficial owners should 
generally benefit from tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
In case Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer are held by an Italian resident 
individual engaged in a business activity and are effectively connected with same business 
activity, the Interest will be subject to the 26 per cent. “entrance” withholding tax on a 
provisional basis and will be included in the relevant income tax return. As a consequence, the 
Interest will be subject to the ordinary income tax and the withholding tax may be recovered as 
a deduction from the income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and conditions (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 
of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax 
on interest, premium and other income relating to the Senior Notes not falling within the 
category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) 
and qualify as titoli atipici (“atypical securities”) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 
of 30 September 1983, if such Senior Notes are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100 
– 114 of Law No. 232, Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215 of Law No. 145 and Article 13-bis of 
Law Decree No. 124, each of them as amended and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to 
Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident 
individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant 
with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit

--- Page 287 ---
- 285 - 
 
corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realized in respect of 
certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, 
provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the 
possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences 
against future capital gains). 
For the sake of completeness, it is worth pointing out that non-Italian resident Noteholders may 
be entitled to claim, if certain relevant conditions are met, a reduction of such 26 per cent. 
withholding tax under the double taxation treaty (generally, to 10 per cent. or to the other 
applicable rates, if more favourable), if any, entered into by Italy and its country of residence, 
subject to timely filing of required documentation 
3. 
Payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
There is no authority directly regarding the Italian tax regime of payments on notes made by an Italian 
resident guarantor. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian tax authorities will not assert 
an alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that the Italian courts would not 
support such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Senior Notes made to Italian resident Noteholders by an Italian resident 
guarantor, in accordance with an interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payments may be subject to 
Italian withholding tax at the rate of 26 per cent. levied as a final tax or a provisional tax (“a titolo 
d'imposta o a titolo di acconto”) depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, pursuant to Presidential 
Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as amended. Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may 
apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax in case of payments to non-
Italian residents, subject to proper compliance with relevant subjective and procedural requirements. In 
accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident guarantor should 
be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment by the relevant issuer and should thus be subject to the 
tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
(C) 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, as converted in law, with amendments, pursuant to 
Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, transfers of Notes as a result of death or donation of Italian residents 
and of non-Italian residents, but in such latter case limited to Notes held within the Italian territory (which, 
for presumption of law, includes bonds issued by Italian resident issuers), are generally taxed in Italy as 
follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding €1,000,000.00 for each beneficiary; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance 
or the gift; 
(iii) 
transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the 
value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding €100,000.00 for each beneficiary; and 
(iv) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on the 
entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the beneficiary has a serious disability recognised by law, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned above 
in )i(, )ii(, )iii (and )iv (on the value exceeding ,for each beneficiary ,€ 1,500,000. 
A tax credit may be available for the inheritance and gift tax paid in Italy under the applicable double tax 
treaty on inheritance and gift, if any.

--- Page 288 ---
- 286 - 
 
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Notes) as a result of death is exempt from inheritance 
tax when such financial instruments are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
(D) 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the following registration tax: (i) public deeds 
and notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private authenticate) are subject to a fixed registration tax 
at a rate of € 200.00; (ii) private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) are subject to lump sum of € 
200.00 registration tax only if they are voluntary registered or if the so- called “caso d'uso” or 
“enunciazione” occurs. 
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and to non-Italian resident investors, to the extent that the 
relevant securities (including the Notes) are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary (and not 
directly held by the investor outside Italy), in which case Italian wealth tax (see below under “Wealth tax 
on Notes deposited abroad”) applies to Italian resident Noteholders only. 
(E) 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2-ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October, 
1972, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent 
by financial intermediaries, carrying out their business activity within the Italian territory, to their clients 
for the Notes deposited therewith. The stamp duty is collected by the Italian resident financial 
intermediaries and applies at the current rate of 0.2 per cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the basis 
of the market value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount 
or, in the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of the 
Notes held. If the Noteholder is not an individual, the stamp duty cannot exceed € 14,000.00. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for 
which is not mandatory nor the deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of 
reporting periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable based on the period accounted. 
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May, 
2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the 
Bank of Italy on 20 June, 2012) of an entity that exercises a banking, financial or insurance activity in 
any form within the Italian territory. 
(F) 
Wealth tax on Notes deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree No. 201, Italian resident individuals, non-profit entities and certain 
partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with article 5 of Presidential Decree 
917) resident in Italy for tax purposes holding the Notes outside the Italian territory are required to pay 
an additional tax at the current rate of 0.2 per cent. (“IVAFE”), which, for taxpayers other than 
individuals, cannot exceed €14,000 (Article 134 of Law Decree No. 34 of 20 May 2020). 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no market 
value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value or, in the case the nominal or 
redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of such financial assets held outside the 
Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes 
paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Financial assets (including the Notes) held abroad are excluded from the scope of IVAFE if they are 
administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement and the items 
of income derived from the such instruments have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. In this 
case, the above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 642 
does apply. 
(G) 
Tax Monitoring

--- Page 289 ---
- 287 - 
 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990 (“Decree No. 167”), as amended by Law of 6 August 
2013, No. 97 (Legge Europea 2013), individuals, non-commercial institutions and non- commercial 
partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with article 5 of Presidential Decree 
917) resident in Italy for tax purposes, under certain conditions, will be required to report in their yearly 
income tax return, for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of investments (including the Notes) directly 
or indirectly held abroad during each tax year. Inbound and outbound transfers and other transfers 
occurring abroad in relation to investments should not be reported in the income tax return. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial 
instruments, are the beneficial owners of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Notes 
deposited for management or administration with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts 
entered into through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from such Notes 
and contracts have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries: or (iii) if the foreign investments which 
are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts when their aggregate value does not exceeds a 
€15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
(H) 
Irish Taxation of the Notes issued by Mediobanca and Mediobanca International 
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Notes. The summary does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. 
The summary is based upon the laws of Ireland and the published practices of the Revenue 
Commissioners of Ireland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors in the 
Notes should consult their own advisers as to the Irish or other tax consequences of the purchase, 
beneficial ownership and disposition of the Notes including, in particular, the effect of any state or local 
law taxes, if applicable. 
4. 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
• 
Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest that is capable of arising for a period in 
excess of one year); 
• 
Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being made 
for a period in excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the recipient); and 
• 
Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by 
companies that are resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax; 
Such withholding tax arises at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) to payments of 
Irish source yearly interest and Irish source annual payments, and at a prescribed rate of 25 per cent. to 
distributions. 
On the basis that the relevant Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor does the 
relevant Issuer operate in Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the Notes is 
connected, nor are the Notes held in Ireland through a depository or otherwise located in Ireland, then to 
the extent that payments of interest or annual payments arise on the Notes, such payments should not be 
regarded as payments having an Irish source for the purposes of Irish taxation. 
Accordingly, the relevant Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the relevant Issuer (save as 
described at Irish Encashment Tax below) should not be obliged to deduct any amount on account of 
Irish tax from payments made in connection with the Notes.

--- Page 290 ---
- 288 - 
 
Separately, for as long as the Notes are quoted on a stock exchange, an investor should not be obliged to 
deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in connection with the purchase 
of the Notes. 
5. 
Irish Encashment Tax 
Payments on any Notes paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent in Ireland 
acting on behalf of the beneficial owner of Notes will be subject to Irish encashment tax at a prescribed 
rate of 25 per cent. This is unless it is proved, on a claim made in the required manner to the Revenue 
Commissioners of Ireland, that the beneficial owner of the Notes entitled to the interest or distribution is 
not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax and such interest or distribution is not deemed, under 
the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be the income of another person that is resident in Ireland. 
Separately, an exemption will apply where the payment is made to a company where that company is 
beneficially entitled to that income and is or will be within the charge to corporation tax in respect of that 
income. 
(I) 
Exchange of information under Directive on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation 
On 3 June 2003, the EU Council of Economic and Finance Ministers (“ECOFIN”) adopted a directive 
regarding the taxation of savings income (“EU Savings Directive” or the “Directive”). Under the 
Directive each Member State is required to provide to the tax authorities of another Member State details 
of payments of interest or other similar income paid by a person within its jurisdiction to an individual 
resident in that other Member State. A number of non-EU countries and certain dependent or associated 
territories of certain Member States, have adopted similar measures (either provision of information or 
transitional withholding) in relation to payments made by a person within its jurisdiction to, or collected 
by such person for, an individual resident in a Member State. In addition, the Member States have entered 
into provision of information or transitional withholding arrangements with certain of those dependent 
or associated territories in relation to payments made by a person in a Member State to, or collected by 
such a person from, an individual resident in one of those territories. 
Italy originally implemented the Directive through Legislative Decree No. 84 of 18 April 2005 (“Decree 
84”). 
On 10 November 2015, the EU Council Directive 2015/2060/EU, under proposal of the European 
Commission, repealed the EU Savings Directive, which was replaced by the DAC, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation. This is to prevent 
overlap between the EU Savings Directive and the new automatic exchange of information regime to be 
implemented under the DAC. 
The new regime under DAC is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development in July 2014. It is worth mentioning that the range of payments 
to be automatically reported under the DAC is broader than the scope of the automatic information 
previously foreseen by the EU Savings Directive. Moreover, unlike the EU Saving Directive, the DAC 
does not impose withholding taxes. 
The DAC has been implemented in Italy through Legislative Decree No. 29 of 4 March 2014, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time, and with Ministerial Decree of 28 December 2015 issued by the 
Minister of Economy and Finance, as amended and supplemented from time to time, (published in the 
Official Gazette No. 303 of 31 December 2015). Accordingly, Legislative Decree No. 84 of 18 April 
2005 (implementing in Italy the EU Saving Directive) has been repealed with effect from 1 January 2016 
by Article 28 of Law No. 122 of 7 July 2016. 
Finally, Directive (EU) 2018/822 of May 25, 2018 (the so-called “DAC 6”) introduced the obligation, 
for intermediaries and taxpayers, to communicate to the financial administrations of EU Countries the 
cross-border arrangements potentially usable for aggressive tax planning. 
Under DAC 6, intermediaries which meet certain EU nexus criteria and taxpayers are required to disclose 
to the relevant tax authorities certain cross-border arrangements, which contain one or more of a 
prescribed list of hallmarks, performed from 25 June 2018 onwards. In specific cases, this obligation will 
shift to the taxpayer. Information with regard to reported arrangements will be automatically exchanged

--- Page 291 ---
- 289 - 
 
by the competent authority of each EU jurisdiction every 3 months. Under DAC 6, a cross-border 
arrangement has to be reported if (i) it is a cross-border arrangement which bears one or more of the 
hallmarks listed in DAC 6, (ii) in certain instances the main or expected benefit of the arrangement is a 
tax advantage and (iii) it concerns at least one EU jurisdiction. 
The Issuers or its intermediaries involved may be legally obliged to notify to tax authorities certain types 
of cross-border arrangements and proposals for implementing such arrangements. 
Italy has implemented the DAC 6 with Legislative Decree of 30 July 2020, No. 100 and Ministerial 
Decree of 17 November 2020. 
Luxembourg has implemented the DAC 6 with the Law of 25 March 2020. 
(J) 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a “foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or 
related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. 
A number of jurisdictions, including Ireland, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Republic of Italy, 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States 
to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
The IGA between Italy and the United States has been ratified in Italy by Law No. 95 of 18 June 2015, 
entered into force on 8 July 2015, which has been implemented by specific regulations issued by the 
Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register 
and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) 
for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on 
which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register 
generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified 
after such date. However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—
Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration 
of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may 
treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in the Notes.  
In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 292 ---
- 290 - 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under 
the Prospectus Regulation. Application has also been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official 
List of the Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Euronext Dublin. The 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the MiFID II (Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended). 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed or admitted to trading 
on the Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange or which will be listed or admitted to trading on 
such stock exchange as the Issuers and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
The Central Bank of Ireland may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to the competent authority 
of another European Economic Area Member State: (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; (ii) and the 
Certificate of Approval of this Base Prospectus. 
2. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
Ireland and the Republic of Italy in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme and 
the issue and performance of the Notes and the guarantee relating to the Senior Notes. The update of the 
Programme, including the giving of the Guarantee with respect to the Senior Preferred Notes issued by 
Mediobanca International, was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Mediobanca 
International passed on 20 October 2022, resolutions adopted by the Executive Committee of 
Mediobanca passed on 26 October 2021 and the decision (determina) assumed by the Managing Director 
(Direttore Generale) of Mediobanca on 17 November 2021.  
3. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
4. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus at pages 196 to 198 (both included), Mediobanca International 
(where Mediobanca International is the Issuer) is not and none of Mediobanca and its consolidated 
subsidiaries (where Mediobanca is the Issuer or the Guarantor) is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings in the 12 months preceding the date of this document 
relating to claims or amounts of money which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects 
on each of the Group’s financial position or profitability and, so far as Mediobanca or, as the case may 
be, Mediobanca International is aware, no such governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings is pending 
or threatened. 
5. 
Neither Mediobanca nor Mediobanca International nor any of Mediobanca’s subsidiaries has entered into 
any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may 
reasonably be expected to be material to such Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders. 
6. 
Except for the developments described in the section headed “Systemic risks in connection with the 
economic/financial crisis”, in particular for the possible impact of the Covid-19 crisis, since 30 June 
2022 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent audited annual 
financial statements of Mediobanca have been prepared) there has been no material adverse change in 
the prospects of Mediobanca or its subsidiaries. 
7. 
Except for the developments described in the section headed “Systemic risks in connection with the 
economic/financial crisis”, in particular for the possible impact of the Covid-19 crisis, since 30 June 
2022 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent and available audited 
annual financial statements of Mediobanca International have been prepared) there has been no material 
adverse change in the prospects of Mediobanca International. 
8. 
There have been no significant changes to the financial or trading position or to the financial performance 
of Mediobanca or the other companies forming part of the Group since the most recent audited financial 
information available was disclosed in the annual financial statements as at 30 June 2022;

--- Page 293 ---
- 291 - 
 
9. 
There have been no significant changes to the financial or trading position or to the financial performance 
of Mediobanca International since the most recent audited financial information available was disclosed 
in the non-consolidated annual financial statements as at 30 June 2022.  
10. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the following 
documents will be available in electronic form (unless the investor requests physical copies), and in the 
case of paragraphs (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) below, may be obtained free of charge during usual business 
hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the office of the Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agent: 
(i) 
the Deed of Guarantee. A copy of the Deed of Guarantee will be electronically available for 
viewing on the Issuers’ websites: www.mediobanca.it (in respect of Mediobanca – Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A.) and www.mediobancaint.lu (in respect of Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.); 
(ii) 
the By-laws (Statuto) of Mediobanca and articles of incorporation of Mediobanca International. 
A copy of the By-laws (Statuto) of Mediobanca and articles of incorporation of Mediobanca 
International will be electronically available for viewing on the Issuers’  websites: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/governance-reports-and-
documents/documents.html (in respect of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.) 
and https://www.mediobancaint.lu/en/index.html (in respect of Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.); 
(iii) 
the published annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years 
ended 30 June 2022 and 2021; 
(iv) 
the consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the years ended 30 
June 2022 and 2021; 
(v) 
Final Terms for Notes which are listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin or any other 
stock exchange; 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus; 
(vii) 
the “Mediobanca Green and Sustainable Bond Framework”; 
(viii) 
the Second-party Opinion. 
A copy of this Base Prospectus will also be electronically available for viewing on Euronext Dublin’s 
website (https://live.euronext.com/). 
In compliance with Article 21(3) of the Prospectus Regulation, a copy of this Base Prospectus along with 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and any applicable supplement and final 
terms will be electronically available for viewing on Euronext Dublin website. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the “Mediobanca Green and Sustainable Bond Framework” and/or the Second-party Opinion are 
not incorporated in and/or does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
11. 
Physical copies of the latest annual consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca and annual financial 
statements of Mediobanca International may be obtained upon request at the specified office of the 
Paying Agent during normal business hours, so long as any of the Notes is outstanding. 
12. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code, the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), the Classification of Financial Instrument (CFI) 
Code, and the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to be 
cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 294 ---
- 292 - 
 
13. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Mediobanca is: PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44. 
14. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Mediobanca International is: 549300DV870NBWY5W279. 
15. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The address of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is Piazza degli Affari 
6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
16. 
The websites of the Issuers are, respectively: www.mediobanca.it (in respect of Mediobanca – Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A.) and www.mediobancaint.lu (in respect of Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.). For the avoidance of doubts, unless specifically incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, information contained on any website indicated herein does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
17. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, Mediobanca and 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of Mediobanca or Mediobanca’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers 
or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with Mediobanca routinely hedge their credit exposure 
to Mediobanca consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph 17 the term “affiliates” includes 
also parent companies. 
18. 
With respect to Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation the Issuers consent, to the extent and under the 
conditions, if any, indicated in the Final Terms, to the use of the Base Prospectus in Italy, Ireland and/or 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as long as the Base Prospectus is valid in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation and accepts responsibility for the content of the Base Prospectus also with respect 
to subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes by any Dealer and/or financial intermediary which 
was given consent to use the prospectus. 
Such consent may be given to all (general consent) or only one or more (individual consent) specified 
Dealers and/or financial intermediaries and/or for a limited or indefinite period, as stated in the Final 
Terms, and for Italy, Ireland and/or the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as member states in which the Base 
Prospectus has been passported and which will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Such consent by the Issuers is subject to each Dealer and/or financial intermediary complying with the 
terms and conditions described in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as any 
applicable selling restrictions. The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary, if any, and/or each person into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms come are 
required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The Issuers reserve the right to 
withdraw its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain Dealers and/or each financial 
intermediary.

--- Page 295 ---
- 293 - 
 
In case of an offer being made by a Dealer or a financial intermediary, such Dealer or financial 
intermediary will provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the 
time the offer is made. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the Base Prospectus is given to all Dealers or 
financial intermediaries (general consent), any Dealer or financial intermediary using the Base 
Prospectus is required to state on its website that it uses the Base Prospectus in accordance with 
the consent and the conditions attached thereto. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the prospectus is given to one or more specified 
Dealers or financial intermediaries (individual consent), any new information with respect to 
Dealers or financial intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus or 
the filing of the Final Terms will be published on the website www.mediobanca.it.

--- Page 296 ---
- 294 - 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
$ vii 
£ vii 
€STR ................................................................85, 139 
€STR reference rate ........................................85, 139 
€STRi...............................................................85, 139 
1/1 ....................................................................66, 120 
2017 Budget Law.................................................. 282 
30/360 ..............................................................67, 120 
30E/360............................................................67, 121 
30E/360 (ISDA) ..............................................68, 121 
360/360 ............................................................67, 120 
A 73, 127 
Acceptance Statement..................................... iii, 226 
Accountholder ....................................................... 168 
Accrual Yield ..................................................65, 119 
Actual/360 .......................................................66, 120 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ..........................................66, 120 
Actual/Actual ..................................................66, 120 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)....................................66, 120 
Actual/Actual (ISDA).....................................66, 120 
Additional Business Centre(s) .......................65, 119 
Additional Financial Centre .........................105, 159 
Additional Financial Centre(s).......................65, 119 
Administrative Action ....................................95, 149 
Applicable Banking Regulations ...................93, 147 
Asset Instruments..........................................101, 155 
Asset Management Regime.................................. 272 
Asset Management Tax ........................................ 273 
Authorised Offeror Contract ................................ 227 
Authorised Offeror Terms .................................... 226 
Authorised Offerors ................................................. iii 
AY....................................................................70, 124 
Bank of Italy....................................................63, 117 
Bond Basis.......................................................67, 120 
Broken Amount...............................................65, 119 
BRRD ..............................................................93, 147 
Business Day ...................................................65, 119 
Buy Back Price..............................................100, 154 
Buy-Back Price .............................................100, 154 
C 73, 127 
Calculation Agent ...........................................66, 120 
Calculation Amount........................................66, 120 
Calculation Period...........................................66, 120 
Cash Instrument ............................................100, 154 
Cash-CDS Arbitrage .....................................100, 154 
CBL.......................................................................... 58 
CDS Components .........................................101, 155 
Centralised Custodian............................................. 58 
CGN ......................................................................... 58 
Classic Global Note ................................................ 58 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ...................................... 58 
CMS .................................................................66, 120 
Compounded Daily €STR ..............................85, 139 
Conditions ................................................. i, 230, 252 
CONSOB................................................................. 27 
Coupons ...........................................................62, 116 
CRA .......................................................................177 
CRA Regulation ............................................. 93, 147 
CRD IV ........................................................... 93, 147 
CRD IV Directive .......................................... 93, 147 
CRD IV Implementing Measure ................... 93, 147 
Credit Index .................................................. 101, 155 
CRR................................................................. 93, 148 
CSSF ......................................................................217 
D1 ......................................................67, 68, 121, 122 
D2 ......................................................67, 68, 121, 122 
Day Count Fraction ........................................ 66, 120 
Dealer Agreement .................................................220 
Dealers ...................................................................220 
Decree No. 167......................................................287 
Decree No. 239........................................................18 
Decree No. 461............................................. 106, 160 
Decree No. 512........................................................18 
Deed of Covenant....................................................62 
Deed of Guarantee....................................... i, 62, 116 
Deed Poll ...............................................................112 
Deeds of Covenant ..................................................62 
Definitive Notes ......................................................59 
Determined Rate............................................. 76, 130 
Dispute .......................................................... 114, 166 
distributor ............................................. 228, 229, 250 
Drawdown Prospectus ........................................ i, 57 
Early Redemption Amount ............................ 92, 146 
ECB ..........................................................................58 
EEA ............................................................... 228, 250 
EURIBOR....................................................... 68, 122 
Euro ......................................................................... vii 
Eurobond Basis .............................................. 67, 121 
Euroclear..................................................................58 
Eurosystem ..............................................................58 
Events of Default.......................................... 108, 162 
Exercise Notice.................................98, 99, 152, 153 
Exercise Period.................................97, 99, 151, 153 
existing Notes ............................................... 110, 164 
existing Senior Notes ................................... 109, 163 
Extra-Yield ................................................... 100, 154 
FIEA.......................................................................225 
Final Redemption Amount ............................ 92, 146 
Final Terms.............................................i, iii, 62, 116 
Financial Services Act ............................................36 
First Margin .................................................... 68, 122 
First Reset Date .............................................. 68, 122 
First Reset Period ........................................... 68, 122 
First Reset Rate of Interest ............................ 68, 122 
Fiscal Agent.................................................... 62, 116 
Fitch .......................................................................177 
Fixed Coupon Amount................................... 68, 122 
FSMA.....................................................................224 
GBP ......................................................................... vii 
General Funded Arbitrage ........................... 101, 155 
Global Note..............................................................58 
Group ..........................................................................i

--- Page 297 ---
- 295 - 
 
Guarantee of the Notes ...................................62, 116 
Guarantor................................................... iii, 62, 116 
holder ...............................................................63, 117 
IGAs ....................................................................... 289 
Index-Components Arbitrage.......................101, 155 
Initial Rate of Interest .....................................68, 122 
Instalment Amount .........................................92, 146 
Instalment Date(s)...........................................68, 122 
Insurance Distribution Directive......... 222, 228, 250 
interest ...........................................................108, 161 
Interest ...........................................................271, 281 
Interest Accrual Date ......................................68, 122 
Interest Amount ..............................................69, 122 
Interest Commencement Date ........................69, 123 
Interest Determination Date ...........................69, 123 
Interest Payment Date.....................................69, 123 
Interest Period .................................................69, 123 
Interest Rate ....................................................69, 123 
Interest Rate Switch Date ...............................69, 123 
Intermediaries........................................................ 272 
Intermediary .......................................................... 272 
Investor ....................................................................... i 
Investor's Currency ................................................. 51 
ISDA Definitions ............................................69, 123 
ISDA Rate .......................................................77, 131 
Issue Date ........................................................69, 123 
Issue Price........................................................69, 123 
Issuer.......................................................... iii, 62, 116 
Issuers ..............................................................62, 116 
Italian Bail-in Power.......................................94, 148 
Italian Banking Act.................................. 36, 63, 117 
Italian Paying Agent .......................................62, 116 
Linear Interpolation ........................................69, 123 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa.............63, 117 
Loss........................................................................ 227 
M1 ..................................................... 67, 68, 121, 122 
M2 ..................................................... 67, 68, 121, 122 
Margin .............................................................69, 123 
Market Value.................................................100, 154 
Maturity Date ..................................................94, 148 
Maturity Period ...............................................94, 148 
Mediobanca .....................................................62, 116 
Mediobanca Group .................................................... i 
Mediobanca International...................... 62, 116, 216 
Member State ..........................................................vii 
Mid-Market Swap Rate ..................................69, 123 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation.................70, 124 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate.....70, 124 
Mid-Swap Rate ...............................................70, 124 
MiFID II ............................................... 222, 228, 250 
MiFID II Regulations ........................................... 221 
Minimum Net Wealth Tax ................................... 280 
modified Notes ..............................................110, 164 
modified Senior Notes ..................................109, 163 
Monte Titoli ............................................................ 10 
MREL Disqualification Event .......................98, 152 
MREL Requirements ......................................98, 152 
Multiplier............................70, 76, 77, 124, 130, 131 
n 73, 127 
necessary information............................................. 57 
New Global Note.....................................................58 
NGN .........................................................................58 
Noteholder .............................................................168 
Noteholders............................................................271 
Notes ......................................... iii, 62, 111, 116, 165 
Observation Period......................................... 86, 140 
offer of Notes to the public ...................................223 
Offer Period ...........................................................247 
Optional Redemption Amount ...................... 70, 124 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call)............ 92, 146 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) ............. 92, 146 
Other Notes................................................... 111, 165 
P 73, 127 
Partial Repurchase Option ............................. 96, 150 
Paying Agents................................................. 62, 116 
Payment Business Day...................71, 105, 125, 159 
Pension Fund Tax..................................................274 
Pension Funds........................................................273 
Permanent Dealers ................................................220 
Permanent Global Note...........................................58 
Plan of Distribution .................................................20 
Pounds Sterling ...................................................... vii 
PRIIPs Regulation........................................ 228, 250 
principal ................................................ 107, 108, 161 
Principal Financial Centre ............................. 71, 125 
Proceedings............................................................114 
Programme...................................................... 62, 116 
Public Offer ................................................................i 
Public Offer Jurisdiction............................................i 
Public Offer Jurisdictions .....................................247 
PwC Luxembourg .................................................217 
r 73, 127 
Rate of Interest ............................................... 71, 125 
Receipts........................................................... 62, 116 
Redemption Amount ...................................... 94, 148 
Reference Banks...............................71, 75, 125, 129 
Reference Price............................................... 71, 125 
Reference Rate ............................................... 71, 125 
Reference Rate Multiplier. 72, 76, 77, 126, 130, 131 
Regular Date ................................................... 72, 126 
Regular Period ................................................ 72, 126 
Relevant Authority ......................................... 94, 149 
Relevant Currency.......................................... 72, 126 
Relevant Date ............................................... 107, 161 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................. 72, 126 
Relevant Screen Page..................................... 72, 126 
Relevant Time ................................................ 72, 126 
Replicating CDS........................................... 100, 154 
Replicating Derivatives................................ 101, 155 
Reset Date ....................................................... 72, 126 
Reset Determination Date.............................. 72, 126 
Reset Period.................................................... 72, 126 
retail investor .........................................................222 
RP .................................................................... 70, 124 
Rules.......................................................................226 
S&P........................................................................177 
Second Reset Date.......................................... 73, 126 
Senior Non Preferred Notes..................... 14, 62, 116 
Senior Notes ............................................................14 
Senior Preferred Notes............................. 14, 62, 116

--- Page 298 ---
- 296 - 
 
Series ........................................................ vii, 62, 116 
SIMs....................................................................... 272 
Specified Currency .........................................73, 127 
Specified Duration ..........................................73, 127 
Specified Office ..............................................62, 116 
SRM Regulation..............................................94, 148 
Stabilising Manager(s)............................................vii 
Subordinated Notes.................................. 14, 62, 116 
Subsequent Margin .........................................73, 127 
Subsequent Reset Date ...................................73, 127 
Subsequent Reset Period ................................73, 127 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest ........... 35, 73, 127 
Substitute ............................................................... 112 
Talons ..............................................................62, 116 
TARGET Settlement Day ..............................73, 127 
TEFRA C Rules ...................................................... 58 
TEFRA D Rules ......................................................58 
Temporary Global Note ..........................................58 
Tier II Capital ................................................. 97, 151 
Total Repurchase Option ............................... 96, 150 
Tranche ..................................................... vii, 62, 116 
U.S.$........................................................................ vii 
Underlying Transactions.............................. 100, 154 
unit................................................................... 86, 141 
US Dollars .............................................................. vii 
USD......................................................................... vii 
y 70, 124 
Y1 ......................................................67, 68, 121, 122 
Y2 ......................................................67, 68, 121, 122 
Yen .......................................................................... vii 
Yield................................................................ 73, 127

--- Page 299 ---
- 297 - 
 
ISSUERS 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
4, Boulevard Joseph II 
L-1840 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO MEDIOBANCA – BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.p.A. AND 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
As to English law and Italian law 
Allen & Overy 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II 284 
00186 Rome 
Italy 
Via Ansperto 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
As to Luxembourg law 
GSK Stockmann SA 
44, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
TAX ADVISER TO MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
GSK Stockmann SA 
44, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative 
2, rue Gerhard Mercator 
B.P.1443, L-2182 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme 
35E, Avenue John F. Kennedy  
 L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.p.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Piazza Tre Torri, 2 
20145 Milan

--- Page 300 ---
- 298 - 
 
Italy 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Meravigli 12 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-2085 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland