--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
Base Prospectus dated 5 February 2025 
 
 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a “Società per Azioni” under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
Euro 10,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by  
Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a “Società a responsabilità limitata” under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
 
 
 
 
The €10,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been 
established in December 2011 by Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (in its capacity as issuer of the Covered Bonds (as defined below), 
“Mediobanca” or the “Bank” or the “Issuer”). Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue covered bonds (the “Covered Bonds”, which term 
includes, for the avoidance of doubt and as the context requires, Registered Covered Bonds, as defined below) guaranteed by Mediobanca Covered 
Bond S.r.l. (the “Guarantor”) pursuant to Law 30 April 1999, No. 130, as amended and supplemented from time to time (“Law 130/99”)  and the 
supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy relating to covered bonds under Part III, Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013, 
containing the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and amended (the “BoI Regulations” and together with Law 
130/99, the “Covered Bonds Law”), as amended and supplemented from time to time. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all the 
Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described herein). 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without 
preference among themselves and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the holders of the Covered Bonds (the “Bondholders”) will be collected by the 
Guarantor on their behalf and will be included in the Cover Pool. The Guarantor issued a first demand (a prima richiesta), autonomous, 
unconditional and irrevocable guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds (the “Guarantee”), collateralised 
by a portfolio of residential and commercial mortgage loans assigned and to be assigned to the Guarantor by the Seller (and/or, as the case may be, 
by any Additional Seller) and of other Eligible Assets and Integration Assets, in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law. The recourse of the 
Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be limited to the assets of the Cover Pool subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant 
Priority of Payments pursuant to which specified payments will be made to other parties prior to payments to the Bondholders. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (“CSSF”), in its capacity as competent authority 
under Regulation  EU 2017/1129 as from time to time amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as a base 
prospectus, for the purposes of article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor or the quality of the Covered Bonds that are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in Covered Bonds. Approval by the CSSF relates only to the Covered Bonds and does not include the 
Registered Covered Bonds. 
Application has also been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments as from time to time 
amended. However, unlisted Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme. The CSSF does not approve any information which is 
exclusively related to unlisted Covered Bonds. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Covered Bonds will specify whether or not such 
Covered Bonds will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (or any other stock 
exchange). Application may also be made for notification to be given to competent authorities in other Member States of the European Economic 
Area in order to permit Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be offered to the public and admitted to trading on regulated markets in such 
other Member States in accordance with the procedures under the Prospectus Regulation.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) and therefore, until 5 February 2026. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The terms of each Series or Tranche will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) relating to such Series or Tranche prepared in 
accordance with the provisions of this Base Prospectus and, if listed, to be delivered to the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or 
before the date of issue of such Series or Tranche.  
Amounts of interest payable under the Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EURIBOR is provided and administered by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”). As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI is authorised as benchmark administrators and included on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”).  
The Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in dematerialised form (emesse in forma dematerializzata) on the terms 
of, and subject to, the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the relevant Final Terms and will be held in such form on behalf of the 
beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A., commercial name “Euronext Securities Milan”, (“Monte Titoli”) 
for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The expression “Monte Titoli Account Holders” means any authorised institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (and includes any relevant Clearing System) which holds account with Monte 
Titoli or any depository banks appointed by any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers 
with Monte Titoli and includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear Bank S.A. / N.V. (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme, Luxembourg (“Clearstream”). Each Series (or Tranche) is and will be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date (as defined 
in the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below). Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will at all time be evidenced by, 
and title thereto will be transferrable by means of, book-entries in accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 83-bis and ff. of the Legislative Decree 
no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (as amended, the “Financial Services Act”) and (ii) the Joint Resolution (as defined below), as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Clearstream and Euroclear. No certificate or physical document of title will 
be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds).  
The Covered Bonds may also be issued in registered form as German law governed registered covered bonds (Namensschuld verschreibungen) (the 
“Registered Covered Bonds”). The terms and conditions of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds (the “Registered CB Conditions”) will 
specify the minimum denomination for the relevant Registered Covered Bonds, which will not be listed. 
Before the Maturity Date the Covered Bonds will be subject to optional redemption in whole or in part in certain circumstances, as set out in 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase).  
Each Series (or Tranche) issued under the Programme specified in the relevant Final Terms may be assigned a rating by Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited (“Fitch” or the “Rating Agency”) which is established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (as defined 
below). Conditions precedent to the issuance of any Series or Tranche include that the Rating Agency confirms (where applicable) that the issuance 
of such Series or Tranches will not result in a reduction or withdrawal of the then current ratings of any of the then outstanding Series or Tranche.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Whether or not the credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be (i) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies as from time to time amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered 
under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as 
amended) (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the European Union but endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union which is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets 
Authority (the ESMA) is obliged to maintain on its website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit 
rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) is obliged to 
maintain on its website, https://register.fca.org.uk/s/search?q=fitch&type=Companies), a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction, revision or withdrawal by the assigning Rating Agency and each rating shall be evaluated 
independently of any other.  
An investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk 
Factors” beginning on page 45. 
 
Arranger of the Programme 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS AND NOTICE TO INVESTORS 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the Issuer for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”) and for the purposes of giving information 
with regard to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Covered Bonds and the Asset Monitor 
which, according to the particular nature of the Covered Bonds, is necessary to enable investors 
to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses 
and prospects of the Issuer, of the Seller, of the Guarantor, of the Asset Monitor and of the rights 
attaching to the Covered Bonds.The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable 
care to ensure that such is the case) the information and data contained in the Base Prospectus 
are in accordance with the facts and do not contain any omission likely to affect the import of 
such information and data. 
The Seller accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus under the 
sections headed “Description of the Seller”, “Credit and Collection Policies” and “The Cover 
Pool”. To the best of the knowledge of the Seller (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that 
such is the case) the information and data in relation to which it is responsible as described 
above are in accordance with the facts and do not contain any omission likely to affect the import 
of such information and data. The Seller accepts responsibility for its relevant sections of this 
Base Prospectus, but does not accept responsibility for any other parts of this Base Prospectus. 
The Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
under the sections headed “Description of the Guarantor”. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Guarantor (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information and 
data in relation to which it is responsible as described above are in accordance with the facts and 
do not contain any omission likely to affect the import of such information and data. The 
Guarantor accepts responsibility for its relevant section of this Base Prospectus, but does not 
accept responsibility for any other parts of this Base Prospectus. 
The Asset Monitor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
under the sections headed “Description of the Asset Monitor”. To the best of the knowledge of 
the Asset Monitor (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the 
information and data in relation to which it is responsible as described above are in accordance 
with the facts and do not contain any omission likely to affect the import of such information and 
data. The Asset Monitor accepts responsibility for its relevant section of this Base Prospectus, 
but does not accept responsibility for any other part of this Base Prospectus. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirms that (i) 
this Base Prospectus contains all information with respect to the Issuer and the Guarantor, the 
Covered Bonds and the Guarantee which is material in the context of the issue and offering of 
the Covered Bonds, (ii) the statements contained in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer 
and the Guarantor are in every material respect true and accurate and not misleading, the 
opinions and intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus with regard to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor are honestly held, have been reached after considering all relevant circumstances and 
are based on reasonable assumptions, (iii) there are no other facts in relation to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Covered Bonds or the Guarantee the omission of which would, in the context of 
the issue and offering of Covered Bonds, make any statement in this Base Prospectus misleading 
in any material respect and (iv) all reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuer and the 
Guarantor to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and 
statements.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any supplement hereto and with any 
documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Series/Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the Final 
Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office set out 
below of the Luxembourg Listing Agent (as defined below) and on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and, where applicable, on Mediobanca’s website 
(www.mediobanca.com).  
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller and any Series/Tranche of Covered 
Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus, any supplements, 
the relevant Final Terms and the documents incorporated by reference. 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below, unless otherwise defined in the single 
section of this Base Prospectus in which they are used.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Covered 
Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under 
any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been 
most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of 
either the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document 
has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The contents of this Base Prospectus should not be construed as providing legal, 
business, accounting or tax advice. Each prospective investor should determine for 
itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its 
purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary and should consult its own legal, business, accounting and tax advisers 
prior to making a decision to invest in the Covered Bonds. 
The Arranger, the Dealers and the Representative of the Bondholders have not separately 
verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly none of the Arranger, the 
Dealers or the Representative of the Bondholders makes any representation, express or implied, 
or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer, the Seller, 
the Guarantor or the Asset Manager in connection with the Covered Bonds or their distribution. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the issue of any Covered Bonds constitutes an offer of, or 
an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers to 
subscribe for, or purchase, any Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Covered Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
the Covered Bonds may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Seller, the 
Guarantor, the Dealers, the Asset Monitor, the Arranger and the Representative of the

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
Bondholders do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any 
Covered Bond may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or 
assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. No action has been 
taken by the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Arranger and the Representative 
of the Bondholders which is intended to permit a public offering of any Covered Bonds outside 
Luxembourg or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any 
such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Covered 
Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan and the 
European Economic Area (including, inter alia, the Republic of Italy, Ireland, Luxembourg, 
France and the Netherlands), see also section headed ‘‘Subscription and Sale’’.  
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may 
be ascribed to them under applicable law. Where a claim relating to the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is brought before a court in a member State of the European Economic Area 
(a Member State), the plaintiff may, under the national legislation of the Member State where 
the claim is brought, be required to bear the costs of translating the Base Prospectus before the 
legal proceedings are initiated. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to € or euro or Euro are to the single currency introduced 
at the start of the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; references to U.S.$ or U.S. Dollar 
are to the currency of the Unites States of America; references to £ or UK Sterling are to the 
currency of the United Kingdom; references to Italy are to the Republic of Italy; references to 
laws and regulations are, unless otherwise specified, to the laws and regulations of Italy; and 
references to billions are to thousands of millions. 
Certain monetary amounts and currency conversions included in this Base Prospectus have been 
subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not 
be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which preceded them. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published.  
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or 
to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.  
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of 
the purchase of such Covered Bond, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations 
and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and 
described in this Base Prospectus and, in connection therewith, may be required to provide 
confirmation of its compliance with such resale or other transfer restrictions in certain cases.  
The Arranger is acting for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Programme and will 
not be responsible to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection afforded to 
clients of the Arranger or for providing advice in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
In connection with the issue of any Series or Tranche under the Programme, the 
Dealer (if any) which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the stabilising 
manager (the Stabilising Manager) or any person acting for the Stabilising 
Manager may over-allot any such Series or Tranche or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of such Series or Tranche at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail for a limited period. However, there may be no 
obligation on the Stabilising Manager (or any agent of the Stabilising Manager) to 
do this. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the Covered Bonds is made and, 
if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
days after the issue date of the relevant Series or Tranche and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of any such Series or Tranche. Such stabilising shall be in 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Covered Bond includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the 
Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Covered Bond does not include the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the 
Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of 
any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
recommending such Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A 
determination will be made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose of the product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered 
Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult 
its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Covered Bonds are legal 
investments for it, (b) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and “repurchase” agreements and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-
based capital or similar rules. 
THE COVERED BONDS MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL 
INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment 
in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate 
the merits and risks of an investment in the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and 
risks in the context of their financial situation; 
(iii) 
be capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds; and 
(iv) 
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of the Covered Bonds for a substantial 
period of time, if at all.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should make their own independent decision 
whether to invest in the Covered Bonds and whether an investment in the Covered Bonds is 
appropriate or proper for them, based upon their own judgment and upon advice from such 
advisers as they may deem necessary. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors 
generally do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They 
purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an 
understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered Bonds 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Covered Bonds 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA AND THIRD PARTIES INFORMATION 
Information regarding markets, market size, market share, market position, growth rates and 
other industry data pertaining to the Issuer and the Group’s business contained in this Base 
Prospectus consists of estimates based on data reports compiled by professional organisations 
and analysts, on data from other external sources, and on the Issuer’s knowledge of its markets. 
In many cases, there is no readily available external information (whether from trade 
associations, government bodies or other organisations) to validate market-related analyses and 
estimates, requiring the Issuer to rely on internally developed estimates. There are a number of 
factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those 
expressed or implied by this information. While the Issuer has compiled, extracted and, to the 
best of its knowledge, correctly reproduced market or other industry data or any other 
information from external sources, including third parties or industry or general publications, 
neither the Issuer nor the Dealers have independently verified that data. The Issuer cannot 
assure investors of the accuracy and completeness of, and takes no responsibility for, such data 
other than the responsibility for the correct and accurate reproduction thereof. The information 
in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced and no facts have been omitted that 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. However, information 
regarding the sectors and markets in which the Group operates may not be available for certain 
periods and, accordingly, such information may not be current as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. All sources of such information have been identified where such information is used. 
Similarly, while the Issuer believes such information to be reliable and believes its internal 
estimates to be reasonable and confirms all information to be up to date on the date of approval 
of this Base Prospectus, it has not been verified by any independent sources. Undue reliance 
should therefore not be placed on such information.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
INDEX 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS AND NOTICE TO INVESTORS ............................................... 3 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS......................................................................................7 
THE COVERED BONDS MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS .....7 
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA AND THIRD PARTIES INFORMATION ................................. 8 
INDEX ................................................................................................................................................. 9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ...................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................. 45 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM ...................................................................................................................75 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................... 76 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................... 79 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SELLER .................................................................................................... 99 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR ......................................................................................... 118 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR .................................................................................. 122 
THE COVER POOL .......................................................................................................................... 123 
CREDIT STRUCTURE .....................................................................................................................126 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS .................................................................................................... 134 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ............................................................ 138 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW ...................................................................................... 161 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY ................................................................................... 173 
TAXATION IN LUXEMBOURG .................................................................................................... 183 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS .......................................................... 184 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE BONDHOLDERS ................................................... 230 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................. 256 
KEY 
FEATURES 
OF 
REGISTERED 
COVERED 
BONDS 
(NAMENSSCHULD 
VERSCHREIBUNGEN) .................................................................................................................. 268 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................... 270 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 271 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................... 275 
GLOSSARY ...................................................................................................................................... 278

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following section contains a general description of the Programme and, as such, does not 
purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus 
and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any Series or Tranche, the applicable Final 
Terms. Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds should carefully read the information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus prior to making an investment decision in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. In this section, references to a numbered condition are to such condition in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below. 
1. PARTIES 
Issuer 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A, a bank incorporated 
under the laws of Republic of Italy and having its registered office at 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1, 20121, Milan, Italy, Fiscal Code, VAT number and 
registration with the companies’ register in Milan under No. 
00714490158, enrolled in the register of banks held by the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to Article 13 of the Legislative Decree of 1 September 1993, No. 
385 (the “Banking Act”) under No. 74753.5.0, and which is the parent 
company of the group composed of Mediobanca and its consolidated 
subsidiaries (the “Mediobanca Group” or the “Group”) (the 
“Issuer” or the “Bank” or “Mediobanca”). 
See “Description of the Issuer”, below. 
Issuer Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44  
Arranger 
Mediobanca. 
Dealers 
Mediobanca and Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A., a 
société anonyme subject to Luxembourg law and having its registered 
office at 4 Boulevard Joseph II L-1840 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, registered at the Luxembourg trade and companies 
registry 
under 
registration 
number 
B 
112885 
(“Mediobanca 
International”), as well as any other dealer appointed from time to 
time in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Guarantor 
Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l., a limited liability company 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, whose registered 
office at Via Filippo Turati, No. 29, 20121 Milan, Italy, Fiscal Code and 
registration with the Companies Register in Milan, Monza-Brianza, Lodi 
No. 03915310969 (the “Guarantor”). The issued corporate capital of 
the Guarantor is equal to Euro 100,000 and is held by Mediobanca 
Premier S.p.A. 90% and SPV Holding S.r.l. 10% (the “Quotaholders”). 
See “Description of the Guarantor”, below. 
Seller 
Mediobanca Premier S.p.A., a joint stock company (società per azioni) 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, having its 
registered office at Viale Bodio (palazzo 4), No. 37, 20158, Milan, Italy, 
Fiscal Code and enrolment with the companies’ register of Milan, 
Monza-Brianza, Lodi No.10359360152, VAT number 10536040966

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
under the direction and coordination (direzione e coordinamento) of 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (“Mediobanca 
Premier” or the “Seller”). 
See “Description of the Seller”, below. 
Additional Sellers 
Any entity (each an “Additional Seller”), other than the Seller, which 
is part of the Mediobanca Group that may sell Eligible Assets and/or 
Integration Assets to the Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of certain 
conditions, and that, for such purpose, shall, inter alia, accede to the 
Master Purchase Agreement by signing an accession letter substantially 
in the form attached to the Master Purchase Agreement and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Transaction Documents executed 
by the Seller. 
Servicer 
Mediobanca Premier will collect, recover and administer the Eligible 
Assets comprised in the Cover Pool on behalf of the Guarantor pursuant 
to the terms of the Servicing Agreement (the “Servicer”). 
See “Transaction Summary - The Portfolio”, “Description of the Seller”, 
“The Credit and Collection Policies”, and “Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Servicing Agreement”, below. 
Successor Servicer 
The party or parties which will be appointed in order to perform, inter 
alia, the servicing activities performed by the Servicer, and any 
successor or replacing entity thereto following the occurrence of a 
Servicer Termination Event (as defined below) (the “Successor 
Servicer”). 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents 
– Servicing 
Agreement”, below. 
Corporate 
Servicer 
Studio Rock STP S.r.l., with registered office at Via Filippo Turati 29, 
20121, Milan, Italy, VAT number 10036360153 is the corporate services 
provider to the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Corporate 
Services Agreement (the “Corporate Servicer”). 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents –The Corporate 
Services Agreement”, below. 
Asset Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent accountants and auditors will be 
appointed as Asset Monitor pursuant to a mandate granted by the 
Issuer, and which will act as an independent monitor pursuant to an 
Asset Monitor Agreement in order to perform tests and procedures in 
favour of the Issuer, the Seller and/or the Guarantor, including those in 
accordance with the applicable legal regulations. The initial Asset 
Monitor will be BDO Italia S.p.A. (the “Asset Monitor”). 
See “Description of the Asset Monitor”, below. 
Cash Manager  
Mediobanca Premier will act as cash manager (in such capacity, the 
“Cash Manager”), for the purpose of operating the Collection Account, 
the Expenses Account, the Transaction Account, the Reserve Account 
and the Securities Account pursuant to the Cash Management

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Agreement. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - The Cash 
Management Agreement”, below. 
Calculation Agent  
Mediobanca, or any other entity appointed from time to time to act as 
such in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement, will act as 
calculation agent (in such capacity, the “Calculation Agent”) to the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement.  
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - The Cash 
Management Agreement”, below. 
Account Bank and 
Investment 
Manager 
Mediobanca will act as account bank (in such capacity, the “Account 
Bank”), for the purpose of maintaining the Collection Account, the 
Expense Account, the Transaction Account, the Reserve Account and 
the Securities Account and as investment manager (in such capacity, the 
“Investment Manager”) pursuant to the Cash Management 
Agreement.   
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - The Cash 
Management Agreement”, below. 
Test Report 
Provider 
Mediobanca, or any other entity appointed from time to time to act as 
such in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement, will act as 
test report provider pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement (in 
such capacity, the “Test Report Provider”). The Test Report Provider 
will perform certain calculations and conduct certain tests pursuant to 
the Cash Management Agreement and the Portfolio Management 
Agreement. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - The Cash 
Management Agreement”, and “Credit Structure” below. 
Cover Pool Swap 
Counterparty 
Any swap counterparty which agrees to act as swap counterparty (the 
“Cover Pool Swap Counterparty”) to the Guarantor under the 
Cover Pool Swap Agreements executed with the Guarantor in order to 
hedge interest rate risk on the Cover Pool (the “Cover Pool Swap 
Agreements”). The initial Cover Pool Swap Counterparty will be 
Mediobanca. 
Covered Bond 
Swap 
Counterparty 
Any institution which shall agree to act as covered bond swap 
counterparty (each, a “Covered Bond Swap Counterparty”) to the 
Guarantor under a covered bond swap agreement executed with the 
Guarantor in order to hedge against currency (if any) and/or interest 
rate exposure in relation to obligations under the Covered Bonds (the 
“Covered Bond Swap Agreement”). The initial Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty will be Mediobanca. 
Swap 
Counterparties 
The Cover Pool Swap Counterparty and each Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty. 
Swap Agreements 
The Cover Pool Swap Agreement(s) and the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement(s), which may be entered into in connection with any Series

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
of Covered Bonds, each of which is documented in accordance with the 
documentation published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association Inc. (“ISDA”), which are in particular: 
(i) 
1992 ISDA Master Agreement with the Schedule thereto (the 
“ISDA Master Agreement”); 
(ii) 
1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Transfer-English Law) to the 
Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement (the “CSA”); and 
(iii) 
the relevant confirmation(s),  
to be entered into between the Guarantor and each Cover Pool Swap 
Counterparty and each Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, respectively. 
Interest 
Determination 
Agent  
BNP Paribas, a company incorporated under the laws of France licensed 
to conduct banking operations, having its registered office at Boulevard 
des Italiens n. 16, Paris, France, registered with the Chamber of 
Commerce of Paris under number 662 042 449, with a fully paid-up 
share capital of Euro 2,468,663,292, which acts for the purposes hereof 
through the Securities Services Business Line of its Italian branch, 
whose offices are located in Piazza Lina Bo Bardi n. 3, Milan, enrolled in 
the register of the banks held by the Bank of Italy under no. 5482, Fiscal 
code and VAT code no. 04449690157, REA n. 731270 (“BNP Paribas”) 
will act as interest determination agent under the Programme pursuant 
to the provisions of the Cash Management Agreement (the “Interest 
Determination Agent”). 
Paying Agent 
Mediobanca, as long as it is an Eligible Institution and provided that an 
Issuer Event of Default has not occurred, otherwise BNP Paribas, 
pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement as amended and 
supplemented from time to time (each a “Paying Agent” and, together, 
the “Paying Agents”). 
Luxembourg 
Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, a company incorporated under the 
laws of Republic of France whose registered office is at 3 Rue d’Antin, 
75002 Paris, France, acting through its Luxembourg branch with offices 
at Branch 60 avenue JF Kennedy, L-2085 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, will be the Luxembourg listing agent (the “Luxembourg 
Listing Agent”) under the Programme.  
Registrar 
Any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as registrar 
(the “Registrar”) in respect of the German law governed covered 
bonds in registered form (Namensschuld verschreibungen) (the 
“Registered Covered Bonds”) issued under the Programme, 
provided that, if the Issuer will keep the register and will not delegate 
such activity, any reference to the Registrar will be construed as a 
reference to the Issuer.  
Registered Paying 
Agent  
 
Any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in respect 
of the Registered Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, if any.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Representative of 
the Bondholders 
KPMG Fides Servizi di Amministrazione S.p.A., a joint stock company 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, having its 
registered office at Via Vittor Pisani, 27, 20124, Milan, Italy, registered 
with the companies’ register of Milan under No. 00731410155, will act 
as representative of the bondholders pursuant to the Programme 
Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Rules of the 
Organisation 
of 
Bondholders 
(the 
“Representative 
of 
the 
Bondholders”).  
Rating Agency 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch” or the “Rating Agency”).  
2. THE COVERED BONDS AND THE PROGRAMME 
Description 
A covered bond issuance programme under which Covered Bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) will be issued by the Issuer to 
Bondholders and guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
Programme 
Amount 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Covered Bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) denominated in another currency 
shall be translated into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such 
Covered Bonds, and the Euro exchange rate used shall be included in 
the Final Terms) in aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds 
outstanding at any time (the “Programme Limit”). The Issuer may 
however increase the Programme Limit in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.  
Distribution of the 
Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis, in each case only in accordance with the relevant 
selling restrictions. 
Selling 
Restrictions 
The offer, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds and the distribution of 
offering material in certain jurisdictions may be subject to certain 
selling restrictions. Persons who are in possession of this Base 
Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may come must inform themselves 
about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Covered Bonds. In particular, 
there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States, the United 
Kingdom, Japan and the European Economic Area (including, inter 
alia, the Republic of Italy, Ireland, Luxembourg, France and the 
Netherlands).  
See “Subscription and Sale”, below. 
Specified 
Currency 
Covered Bonds may be issued in such currency or currencies as may be 
agreed from time to time between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and indicated in the applicable Final Terms (each a “Specified 
Currency”), subject to compliance with all applicable legal, regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements.  
Denomination of 
Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds (other than 
Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in such denominations as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
applicable legal or regulatory or central bank requirements (See 
Condition 3 (Denomination, Form and Title)).  
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond (other than the 
Registrered Covered Bonds) admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or at a premium over, par, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (in each case, the “Issue Price” for such Series or Tranche).  
Issue Date 
The date of issue of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, pursuant to, 
and in accordance with, the Programme Agreement (each, the “Issue 
Date” in relation to such Series or Tranche). 
CB Payment Date 
The dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, subject in 
each case, to the extent provided in the relevant Final Terms, to 
adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention 
(as defined in the Conditions) (such date, a “CB Payment Date”). 
CB Interest Period 
Each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date or, in case 
of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next CB Payment Date. 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
In relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Issue Date of 
such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as the 
Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Interest Commencement Date”). 
Form of Covered 
Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be issued in dematerialised form or in 
registered form as Registered Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be issued in 
bearer form and will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the 
beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte 
Titoli S.p.A., whose registered office is at Piazza degli Affari, 6, 20123 
Milan (“Euronext Securities Milan”) for the account of the relevant 
Euronext Securities Milan account holders. Each Series or Tranche will 
be deposited with Euronext Securities Milan on the relevant Issue Date. 
Euronext Securities Milan shall act as depositary for Clearstream and 
Euroclear. The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will at all 
times be held in book entry form and title to such Covered Bonds will be 
evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of (i) 
Article 83-bis and ff. of the Financial Services Act and (ii) the resolution 
dated 13 August, 2018 jointly issued by the Commissione Nazionale per 
le Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) and the Bank of Italy and published 
in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana) No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as from time to time

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
amended (the “Joint Resolution”), each as subsequently amended 
and supplemented from time to time. No physical document of title will 
be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
Registered Covered Bonds will be issued to each holder in the form of 
Namensschuld verschreibungen, each issued with a minimum 
denomination indicated in the applicable Registered CB Conditions 
attached thereto, together with the execution of the related Registered 
Covered Bonds rules of organisation agreement (the “Registered CB 
Rules Agreement”) in relation to a specific issue of Registered 
Covered Bonds. 
The 
relevant 
Registered 
Covered 
Bonds 
(Namensschuld 
verschreibungen), together with the related Registered CB Conditions 
attached thereto, the relevant Registered CB Rules Agreement and any 
other document expressed to govern such Series of Registered Covered 
Bonds, will constitute the full terms and conditions of the relevant 
Series of Registered Covered Bonds.  
In connection with the Registered Covered Bonds, references in the 
Base Prospectus to information being set out, specified, stated, shown, 
indicated or otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms shall 
be read and construed as a reference to such information being set out, 
specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided in the relevant 
Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating 
thereto or any other document expressed to govern such Registered 
Covered Bonds and, as applicable, each other reference to Final Terms 
in the Base Prospectus shall be construed and read as a reference to 
such Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement 
thereto or any other document expressed to govern such issue of 
Registered Covered Bonds.  
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds shall not be effective until the 
transferee has delivered to the Registrar a duly executed Assignment 
Agreement and Registered CB Rules Agreement. A transfer can only 
occur for the minimum denomination indicated in the applicable 
Registered CB Conditions or multiples thereof. 
Any reference to the Covered Bondholders shall include reference to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds and/or the registered holder for the time 
being of a Registered Covered Bond (the “Registered Covered 
Bondholders”) as the context may require.  
Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to Covered Bonds 
shall include reference to the Registered Covered Bonds.  
For further details on the Registered Covered Bonds, see the section 
headed “Key features of Registered Covered Bonds (Namensschuld 
verschreibungen” below). 
Types of Covered 
Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds may be Fixed 
Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
upon the interest basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Covered Bonds may be Covered Bonds scheduled to be redeemed in full 
on the Maturity Date and Covered Bonds repayable in one or more 
instalments or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. Each 
Series or tranche shall be comprised of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only 
or Floating Rate Covered Bonds only or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
only as may be so specified in the relevant Final Terms only.  
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: fixed interest on the Covered Bonds will be 
payable in accordance with the relevant Final Terms, on such date as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers and on 
redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction provided for in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear 
interest at a rate determined in accordance with the Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms. The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate 
will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers for each 
Series or Tranche of Floating Rate Covered Bonds.  
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each CB Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealers, 
will be payable on such CB Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction provided for in the Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be 
offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest.  
Issuance in Series 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series, but on different terms from each 
other, subject to the terms set out in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of such Series. Covered Bonds of different Series will not be fungible 
among themselves. Series may be issued in more than one tranche 
(each, a “Tranche”) which are fungible among themselves within the 
Series and are identical in all respects, but having different issue dates, 
interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first interest 
payments. The Issuer will issue Covered Bonds without the prior 
consent of the holders of any outstanding Covered Bonds but subject to 
certain conditions. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the following series of Covered Bond 
have been already issued under the Programme: (i) a first series of 
Covered Bond for a nominal value of €1.5 billion, on 14 December 2011; 
such series has been fully redeemed by the Issuer on 11 October 2013; 
(ii) a second series of Covered Bond for a nominal value of €0.750 
billion, on 17 October 2013; (iii) a third series of Covered Bond for a

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
nominal value of €0.750 billion, on 17 June 2014; (iv) a fourth series of 
Covered Bond for a nominal value of € 0.750 billion, on 10 November 
2015 and on 17 December 2015; (v) a fifth series of Covered Bond for a 
nominal value of € 0.750 billion, on 24 November 2017; (vi) a sixth 
series of Covered Bond for a nominal value of € 0.750 billion, on 12 
July and on 2 October 2018; (vii) a seventh series of Covered Bond for a 
nominal value of € 0.750 billion, on 1 July 2019, (viii) an eighth series 
of Covered Bond for a nominal value of € 0.750 billion on 20 January 
2021, (ix) a ninth series of Covered Bond for a nominal value of € 0.750 
billion on 30 June and on 10 August 2022, (x) a tenth series of Covered 
Bond for a nominal value of € 0.800 billion on 15 January and 7 June 
2024 and (xi) an eleventh series of Covered Bond for a nominal value of 
€ 0.750 billion on 4 September 2024. See “Conditions Precedent to the 
Issuance of a new series of Covered Bonds” below. 
Final Terms 
Specific final terms will be issued and published in accordance with the 
generally applicable terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds, other 
than the Registered Covered Bonds (the “Conditions”) prior to the 
issue of each Series or Tranche detailing certain relevant terms thereof 
which, for the purposes of that Series or Tranche only, supplements the 
Conditions and the Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus (such specific final terms, the “Final 
Terms”). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series 
or Tranche are the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or 
replaced, by the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Registered 
Covered Bond shall be set out in the relevant Registered CB Conditions, 
the relevant Registered CB Rules Agreement and any other document 
expressed to govern such particular Registered Covered Bonds. 
Interest on the 
Covered Bonds 
Except for the Zero Coupon Covered Bonds and unless otherwise 
specified in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the Covered 
Bonds will be interest-bearing and interest will be calculated on the 
principal amount outstanding of the relevant Covered Bonds (the 
“Principal Amount Outstanding”). Interest will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction in accordance with the Conditions and 
in the relevant Final Terms. Interest may accrue on the Covered Bonds 
at a fixed rate or a floating rate or on such other basis and at such rate 
as may be so specified in the relevant Final Terms and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the Issue Date and the Maturity 
Date of the relevant Series or Tranche.  
Redemption of the 
Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds will indicate either (a) that the Covered Bonds cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in specified cases, 
e.g. taxation reasons, or if it becomes unlawful for any Covered Bonds to 
remain outstanding, or following a Guarantor Event of Default), or (b) 
that such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
upon giving notice to the Representative of Bondholders on behalf of 
the holders of the Covered Bonds (the “Bondholders”) and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Conditions and of the relevant

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Final Terms, on a date or dates specified prior to such maturity and at a 
price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealers (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms) or (c) that such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option 
of the Bondholders, as provided in Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the 
Option of Bondholders).  
Covered Bonds may be redeemable at par. Covered Bonds may also be 
redeemable in two or more instalments on such dates and in such 
manner as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Tax Gross Up and 
Redemption for 
taxation reasons 
Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made by the Issuer will 
be made without deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax (a 
“Tax Deduction”), unless such Tax Deduction is required to be made 
by applicable law.  
Subject to the Condition 10 (Taxation), in the event that any such Tax 
Deduction is to be made, the Issuer will be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. In such circumstances and 
provided that such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it, the Covered Bonds will be 
redeemable (in whole, but not in part) at the option of the Issuer. See 
Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons).  
The Guarantor will not be liable to pay any additional amount due to 
taxation reasons following an Issuer Event of Default (as defined 
below). 
Maturity Date 
The maturity date for each Series or Tranche (the “Maturity Date”) 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to such minimum 
or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the currency of the Covered 
Bonds. Unless previously redeemed as provided in Condition 8 
(Redemption and Purchase), the Covered Bonds of each Series or 
Tranche will be redeemed at their Principal Amount Outstanding on the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
Extended Maturity 
Date 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds may also provide that the Guarantor's obligations under 
the Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts equal to the Final 
Redemption Amount (as defined below) of the applicable Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds on their Maturity Date may be deferred 
pursuant to the Conditions (the Extended Maturity Date). Such 
deferral will automatically occur, if so stated in the relevant Final 
Terms, if:  
(a) 
an Issuer Event of Default has occurred; and  
(b) 
the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available (in accordance 
with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments) to pay 
in full any amount representing the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to the amount due (subject to the applicable grace

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
period) in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bond as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the “Final 
Redemption Amount”) on the Extension Determination Date.  
In these circumstances, on the Extension Determination Date the 
Guarantor shall pay (i) Guaranteed Amounts constituting the Scheduled 
Interest in respect of each such Covered Bond and (ii) to the extent that 
the Guarantor has sufficient Available Funds (as defined below), in part 
and pro rata (after paying or providing for payment of higher ranking 
or pari passu amounts in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments) the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Series or 
Tranches of Covered Bonds. The obligation of the Guarantor to pay any 
amounts in respect of the balance of the Final Redemption Amount not 
so paid shall be deferred as described above. 
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically until the 
applicable Extended Maturity Date, provided that, any amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid 
on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any Scheduled 
Payment Date thereafter according to the relevant Final Terms, up to 
(and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Interest will 
continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid amount up to the 
Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 8 (b) (Extension 
of maturity). 
In accordance with the provisions of article 7-terdecies, paragraph 5, of 
the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations, the Issuer pursuant to 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) shall notify the Bank of Italy in 
case an Extended Maturity Date has become applicable in respect of a 
Series of Covered Bonds further to the occurrence of the Maturity 
Extension Event (as defined below), within 10 (ten) calendar days from 
the occurrence thereof. 
Ranking of the 
Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, guaranteed by the Guarantor 
and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves, 
except in respect of maturities of each Series or Tranche, and (save for 
any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other 
present and future unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
having the same maturity of each Series or Tranche of the Covered 
Bonds, from time to time outstanding. 
Recourse 
In accordance with the legal framework established by Law 130/99 and 
with the terms and conditions of the relevant Transaction Documents 
(as defined below), the Bondholders will benefit from recourse on the 
Issuer and limited recourse on the Guarantor.  
See section “Credit Structure”, below. 
Provisions of 
Transaction 
Documents 
The Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are 
deemed to have notice of, all provisions of the Transaction Documents 
applicable to them. In particular, each Bondholder, by reason of holding

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Covered Bonds, recognises the Representative of the Bondholders as its 
representative and accepts to be bound by the terms of each of the 
Transaction 
Documents 
signed 
by 
the 
Representative 
of 
the 
Bondholders as if such Bondholder was a signatory thereto. 
Conditions 
Precedent to the 
Issuance of a new 
Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will be entitled to (but not obliged to) at its option, on any 
date and without the consent of the holders of the Covered Bonds issued 
beforehand and of any other creditors of the Guarantor or of the Issuer, 
issue further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds other than the first 
issued Series or Tranche, subject to:  
(i) 
satisfaction of the Mandatory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test 
with reference to the immediately preceeding Collection Period 
and immediately after such further issue; and 
(ii) 
no Issuer Event of Default (as defined below) having occurred. 
(collectively, the “Issuance Test”) 
The payment obligations under the Covered Bonds issued under all 
Series shall be cross-collateralised by all the assets included in the Cover 
Pool, through the Guarantee (as defined below)  
See also Section Ranking of the Covered Bonds, below. 
Listing and 
Admission to 
trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the 
Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) issued under 
the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its 
regulated market.  
Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealers in relation to the Series or Tranche. 
Covered Bonds which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. The Registered Covered Bonds 
will not be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market. 
Settlement 
Euronext Securities Milan /Euroclear / Clearstream. 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a clearing 
system. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) and the 
related Transaction Documents will be governed by Italian law, except 
for the Swap Agreements and the Deed of Charge, which will be 
governed by English law. 
The Registered Covered Bonds (Namensschuld verschreibungen) will 
be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany save that,

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
in any case, certain provisions (including those relating to status, 
limited recourse of the Registered Covered Bonds and those applicable 
to the Issuer and the Portfolio) shall be governed by Italian law. 
Ratings 
Each Series or Tranche issued under the Programme may or may not be 
assigned a rating by the Rating Agency as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms on the relevant Issue Date. As at the date of the Base Prospectus 
S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“S&P”) rated Mediobanca “A-2” (short-term debt), “BBB” (long-term 
debt) with a “stable” outlook; Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) 
rated Mediobanca “F3” (short-term debt), “BBB” (long-term debt) with 
a “stable” outlook and Moody’s France S.A.S. (“Moody’s”) rated 
Mediobanca “Baa1” (long-term debt) with “negative” outlook – see 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-
rating/rating.html. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a Series of 
Covered Bonds will be (i) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies as from time to time 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (ii) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”) and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2019 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or by or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, 
will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the European Union but endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the European Union which is certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Purchase of the 
Covered Bonds by 
the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase any Covered Bonds in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
3. GUARANTEE 
Security for the 
Covered Bonds 
In accordance with Law 130/99, by virtue of the Guarantee, the 
Bondholders will benefit from a guarantee issued by the Guarantor 
which will, in turn, hold a portfolio of receivables transferred by the 
Seller and Additional Sellers, if any, consisting of Eligible Assets, 
Integration Assets and Liquid Assets (as defined below). 
The Eligible Assets 
The receivables forming part of the Cover Pool may consist of:  
(i) the Residential Mortgage Loans (as defined below); 
(ii) the Non Residential Mortgage Loans (as defined below); and 
(iii) the Public Assets (as defined below), 
(collectively, the “Eligible Assets”). 
The Guarantee 
Under the terms of the Guarantee, the Guarantor will be obliged to pay 
Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds on the relevant 
Due for Payment Date (as defined therein).  
In view of ensuring timely payment by the Guarantor, an Issuer Default 
Notice (as defined below) will be served on the Guarantor by the 
Representative of Bondholders as a consequence of an Issuer Event of 
Default.  
The obligations of the Guarantor to make payments in respect of the 
Guaranteed Amounts when due for payment are subject to the 
conditions that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred, an Issuer 
Default Notice has been served on the Issuer and on the Guarantor. The 
obligations of the Guarantor will accelerate with respect to all 
Guaranteed Amounts once a Guarantor Default Notice has been 
delivered to the Guarantor. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall constitute a 
first demand, unconditional and independent guarantee (garanzia 
autonoma) and certain provisions of the Italian Civil Code relating to no 
autonomous personal guarantees (fidejussioni) shall not apply. 
Accordingly, 
the 
obligations 
shall 
be 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, with limited recourse to 
the Available Funds (as defined below), irrespective of any invalidity, 
irregularity or unenforceability of any of the guaranteed obligations of 
the Issuer. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents –Guarantee”, below. 
4. ISSUER EVENTS OF DEFAULT, GUARANTOR EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND 
PRIORITIES OF PAYMENTS 
Issuer Events of 
Default 
If during the Programme, any of the following events occurs:  
(a) 
Non payment: Default is made by the Issuer (a) for a period of 
14 days or more in the payment of any principal or redemption

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
amount due on the relevant CB Payment Date in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of any Series, or (b) for a period of 14 days or 
more in the payment of any interest amount due on the relevant 
Issuer Payment Date in respect of the Covered Bonds of any 
Series; 
(b) 
Breach of the Mandatory Test and the Asset Coverage Test: 
Following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the 
Mandatory Test and the Asset Coverage Test have not been 
cured within the immediately succeeding Calculation Date; or  
(c) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer has incurred into a 
material default in the performance or observance of any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the outstanding Covered 
Bonds of any Series (other than any obligation for the payment 
of principal, redemption amount or interest in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of any Series and/or any obligation to ensure 
compliance of the Cover Pool with the Mandatory Test and the 
Asset Coverage Test) or any other Transaction Document to 
which the Issuer is a party and (unless certified by the 
Representative of the Bondholders, in its sole opinion, to be 
incapable of remedy) such default remains unremedied for 
more than 30 days after the Representative of the Bondholders 
has promptly given written notice thereof to the Issuer, 
certifying that such default is, in its opinion, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such default is capable of remedy; or 
(d) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event (other than an early 
intervention measure (misura di intervento precoce) pursuant 
to Title IV, Chapter I, of the Banking Act or a resolution 
(risoluzione) pursuant to the Legislative Decree no. 180 of 16 
November 2015) occurs in respect of the Issuer;  
(e) 
Suspension of payments: a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of 
the Banking Act is issued in respect of the Issuer; 
(each, an “Issuer Event of Default”), then the Representative of the 
Bondholders: 
will serve a notice (the “Issuer Default Notice”) on the Issuer and 
Guarantor that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred. It being 
understood that a breach of the Mandatory Test and the Asset Coverage 
Test constitutes an Issuer Event of Default unless the Representative of 
the Bondholders, having exercised its discretion, resolves otherwise or 
an Extraordinary Resolution is passed resolving otherwise. 
Upon the service of an Issuer Default Notice:  
(a) 
No further issue: no further Series of Covered Bonds may be 
issued by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Acceleration against the Issuer: all Series of Covered Bonds will

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
become immediately due and payable by the Issuer and they 
will rank pari passu among themselves against the Issuer; 
(c) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Bondholders may, at its 
discretion and without further notice, take such steps and/or 
institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit 
to enforce the payments due by the Issuer, but it shall not be 
bound to take any such proceeding or steps unless requested or 
authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Bondholders; 
(d) 
Guarantee: without prejudice to paragraph (b) (Acceleration 
against the Issuer) above, interest and principal falling due on 
the Covered Bonds will be payable by the Guarantor at the time 
and in the manner provided under these Conditions, subject to 
and in accordance with the terms of the Guarantee and the 
relevant Priority of Payments; 
(e) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall sell the Eligible Assets 
and the Integration Assets included in the Cover Pool in 
accordance with the Portfolio Management Agreement; 
(f) 
Tests: the Amortisation Test shall apply;  
provided that, (A) in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to 
under paragraph (d) (Insolvency) above, (i) the payments due by the 
Issuer in favour of the Bondholders under the Terms and Conditions 
shall be directly made by the Guarantor on any Scheduled Due for 
Payment Date under the Guarantee and (ii) the Guarantor shall 
exercise, on an exclusive basis and in compliance with the provisions of 
Law 130/99, the rights of the Bondholders against the Issuer and any 
amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Available Funds; 
and (B) in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under 
paragraph (e) (Suspension of payments) above, the effects listed in 
items (a) (No further issue), (d) (Guarantee) and (e) (Disposal of 
Assets) will only apply for as long as the suspension of payments will be 
in force and effect (the “Suspension Period”); being understood that 
the effects listed in items (b) (Acceleration against the Issuer), (c) 
(Enforcement) and (f) (Tests) will not be applicable. Accordingly (i) the 
Guarantor shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due and 
payable under the Covered Bonds during the Suspension Period and (ii) 
at the end of the Suspension Period the Issuer shall be responsible for 
meeting the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds (and for the 
avoidance of doubts, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be 
deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer). 
Guarantor Events 
of Default 
If, during the Programme, any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Non payment: default is made by the Guarantor for a period of 
14 days or more in the payment by the Guarantor of any 
amounts due for payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of 
any Series; or 
(ii) 
Breach of Test: on any Calculation Date a breach of the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Amortisation Test occurs (to the extent that such breach has not 
been cured within the following Calculation Date); or 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligations: default is made in the performance 
by the Guarantor of any material obligation under or in respect 
of the Covered Bonds of any Series (other than any obligation 
for the payment of principal, redemption amount or interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series and/or any 
obligation to ensure compliance of the Cover Pool with the 
Amortisation Test) or any other Transaction Document to 
which the Guarantor is a party and (unless certified by the 
Representative of the Bondholders, in its sole opinion, to be 
incapable of remedy) such default remains unremedied for 
more than 30 days after the Representative of the Bondholders 
has given written notice thereof to the Guarantor, certifying that 
such default is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Bondholders and specifying whether or not such 
default is capable of remedy; or  
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the 
Guarantor; 
(each, a “Guarantor Event of Default”) 
then the Representative of the Bondholders (a) in cases under (i), (ii) 
and (iv) above, may but shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Bondholders, and (b) in case under (iii) above, shall, if 
so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Bondholders, serve to 
the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor a notice declaring that a 
Guarantor Event of Default has occurred (the “Guarantor Default 
Notice”).  
Upon the service of the Guarantor Event of Default: 
(a) 
Acceleration of the Covered Bonds: all Series of Covered Bonds 
then outstanding will become immediately due and payable by 
the Guarantor and will rank pari passu among themselves in 
accordance with the Post Guarantor Event of Default Priority of 
Payments; 
(b) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall immediately sell all assets 
included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the procedures set 
out in the Portfolio Management Agreement; 
(c) 
Guarantee: the Representative of the Bondholders, subject to 
and in accordance with the terms of the Guarantee, on behalf of 
the Bondholders, shall have a claim against the Guarantor for an 
amount equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding on each 
Covered Bond, together with accrued interest and any other 
amount due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional 
amounts payable under Condition 10(a) (Gross up by the 
Issuer)) in accordance with the Post Guarantor Event of Default

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Priority of Payments; and  
(d) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Bondholders may, at its 
discretion and without further notice, take such steps and/or 
institute such proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor (as 
the case may be) as it may think fit to enforce such payments, but 
it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or steps unless 
requested or authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Bondholders and then only if it is indemnified and/or secured to 
its satisfaction.  
Cross Acceleration 
After the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice with respect to a Series 
or Tranche, all Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds then outstanding 
will cross accelerate at the same time against the Guarantor. 
Pre-Issuer Event 
of Default Interest 
Priority of 
Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice, the Guarantor will use Interest Available Funds to make 
payments in the order of priority set out below (in each case only if and 
to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
first, to pay pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof any and all Taxes due and payable 
by the Guarantor, to the extent that such sums are not met by 
utilising the amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account; 
(ii) 
second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof any Guarantor's documented fees, 
costs, expenses, in order to preserve its corporate existence, to 
maintain it in good standing and to comply with applicable 
legislation (the “Expenses”); 
(iii) 
third, to credit into the Expenses Account the amounts 
necessary to replenish the Expenses Account up to the 
Retention Amount; 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay, in the following order any amount due and 
payable (including fees, costs and expenses) to the extent that 
these are not paid by the Issuer to: 
(A) 
the Representative of the Bondholders, 
(B) 
pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, the Cash Manager, the Calculation 
Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the 
Account Bank, the Registered Paying Agent (if any), 
the Registrar (if any), the Paying Agent, the Interest 
Determination Agent, the Investment Manager and 
the Servicer; 
(v) 
fifth, to pay any interest amount due to the Cover Pool Swap 
Counterparties, including any termination payment due and 
payable by the Guarantor, except the Excluded Swap

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Termination Amount;  
(vi) 
sixth, to pay any interest amounts due to the Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparties, pro rata and pari passu in respect of 
each relevant Covered Bond Swap (including any termination 
payment due and payable by the Guarantor except the 
Excluded Swap Termination Amounts); 
(vii) 
seventh, to credit to the Reserve Account an amount required 
to ensure that the Reserve Account is funded up to the 
Required Reserve Amount, as calculated on the immediately 
preceding Calculation Date; 
(viii) 
eighth, to allocate to the credit of the Principal Available Funds 
an amount equal to the amounts paid under item (i) of the Pre-
Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments in the 
preceding Guarantor Payment Dates; 
(ix) 
ninth, any Base Interests due and payable on each Guarantor 
Payment Date to the Seller pursuant to the terms of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, provided that the Asset 
Coverage Test, the Liquidity Buffer Test and the Mandatory 
Test are satisfied on such Guarantor Payment Date and further 
provided that interests on the related Series of Covered Bonds 
have been paid by the Issuer on such Guarantor Payment Date 
(if any); 
(x) 
tenth, to pay pro rata and pari passu in accordance with the 
respective amounts thereof any Excluded Swap Termination 
Amount; 
(xi) 
eleventh, to pay any other amount due and payable under the 
Transaction Documents, to the extent not already paid under 
other items of this Priority of Payments (other than amounts 
referred to under the following item (xii)); 
(xii) 
twelfth, to pay any Premium Interests on the Subordinated 
Loan, provided that no breach of the Asset Coverage Test, the 
Liquidity Buffer Test and the Mandatory Test has occurred and 
is continuing.  
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payment”). 
Pre-Issuer Event 
of Default 
Principal Priority 
of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice, the Guarantor will use Principal Available Funds to 
make payments in the order of priority set out below (in each case only 
if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in 
full):  
(i) 
first, to allocate the Interest Shortfall Amount to the Interest 
Available Funds; 
(ii) 
second, to pay (a) any principal amounts (if any) due and

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
payable to the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparties pro 
rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Covered Bond 
Swap in accordance with the terms of the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement and (b) any principal amounts (if any) 
due and payable to the relevant Cover Pool Swap Counterparties 
pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Cover Pool 
Swap Agreement in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Cover Pool Swap Agreement; 
(iii) 
third, to acquire Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets 
(other than those funded through the proceeds of the 
Subordinated Loan); 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay any amounts (in respect of principal) due and 
payable under the Subordinated Loan provided that in any case 
the Asset Coverage Test and the Mandatory Tests are satisfied 
and/or, where applicable, further provided that no amounts 
shall be applied to make a payment in respect of the 
Subordinated Loan if the principal amounts outstanding under 
the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds which have 
fallen due for payment on such Guarantor Payment Date have 
not been repaid in full by the Issuer.  
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments”). 
Post-Issuer Event 
of Default Priority 
of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following an Issuer Event of Default, 
but prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the 
Guarantor will use the Available Funds, to make payments in the order 
of priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and Taxes, in order 
to preserve its corporate existence, to maintain it in good 
standing and to comply with applicable legislation; 
(ii) 
second, to pay, in the following order, any amount due and 
payable to: 
(A) 
the Representative of the Bondholders, 
(B) 
pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, the Cash Manager, the Calculation 
Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the 
Account Bank, the Paying Agent, the Interest 
Determination Agent, the Investment Manager, the 
Registered Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if 
any),the Portfolio Manager (if any) and the Servicer; 
(iii) 
third, to credit into the Expenses Account the amounts 
necessary to replenish the Expenses Account up to the

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Retention Amount; 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay pro rata and pari passu:  
a) 
interest payments due to the Swap Counterparties 
(including any termination payment due and payable 
by the Guarantor but excluding any Excluded Swap 
Termination Amount); and 
b) 
Interest due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in 
respect of each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
fifth, to pay pro rata and pari passu:  
a) 
principal payments (if any) due to the Swap 
Counterparties (including any termination payment 
due and payable by the Guarantor but excluding any 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount); and 
b) 
principal due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in 
respect of each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
(vi) 
sixth, once payments from item (i) to (v) have been made in 
full, to credit the Transaction Account with the remaining 
available funds up to an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption Amount in respect of each outstanding Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
(vii) 
seventh, after each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds has 
been fully repaid or repayment in full of the Covered Bonds has 
been provided for (such that the Required Redemption 
Amount has been accumulated in respect of each outstanding 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds under the preceding item 
(vi)) to pay pro rata and pari passu, any Excluded Swap 
Termination Amount due and payable by the Guarantor; 
(viii) 
eighth, once payments from item (i) to (vii) have been made in 
full, to pay any other amount due and payable under the 
Transaction Documents, to the extent not already paid under 
other items of this Priority of Payments; 
(ix) 
ninth, to repay in full the amounts outstanding and to pay any 
Base Interests under the Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
(x) 
tenth, to pay any Premium Interests under the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
(the 
“Post-Issuer 
Event 
of 
Default 
Priority 
of 
Payments”). 
Eligible 
Investments 
The Investment Manager may invest funds standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account and the Reserve Account in the Eligible 
Investments (as defined below).

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Post-Guarantor 
Event of Default 
Priority of 
Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following a Guarantor Event of 
Default, the Available Funds will be used to make payments in the order 
of priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full):  
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any Expenses and Taxes, in order to preserve 
its corporate existence, to maintain it in good standing and to 
comply with applicable legislation; 
(ii) 
second, to pay, in the following order, any amount due and 
payable to: 
(A) the Representative of the Bondholders, 
(B) pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, the Cash Manager, the Calculation 
Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the 
Account 
Bank, 
the 
Paying 
Agent, 
the 
Interest 
Determination Agent, the Investment Manager, the 
Registered Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), 
the Portfolio Manager (if any) and the Servicer; 
(iii) 
third, to credit into the Expenses Account the amounts 
necessary to replenish the Expenses Account up to the 
Retention Amount; 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay pro rata and pari passu:  
a) 
principal and interest payments due to the Swap 
Counterparties (including any termination payment due 
and payable by the Guarantor but excluding any 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount); and 
b) 
principal and interests due under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
fifth, to pay pro rata and pari passu any Excluded Swap 
Termination Amount due and payable by the Guarantor; 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay any other amount due and payable under the 
Transaction Documents, to the extent not already paid under 
other items of this Priority of Payments;  
(vii) 
seventh, to repay in full the amounts outstanding and to pay 
any Base Interests under the Subordinated Loan Agreement;  
(viii) 
eighth, to pay any Premium Interests under the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
(the “Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of 
Payments” and, together with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payments, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Interest Priority of Payments, the Post-Issuer Event of Default 
Priority of Payments, are collectively referred to as the 
“Priorities of Payments”). 
5. CREATION AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE COVER POOL 
Transfer of the 
Receivables 
On 30 November, 2011 the Seller and the Guarantor entered into a 
master purchase agreement (as lastly amended and restated on 21 
September 2023 in order to make the Programme compliant with the 
new legal framework of the Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI 
Regulations, the “Master Purchase Agreement”) pursuant to which 
(a) the Seller transferred to the Guarantor an initial portfolio 
comprising Residential Mortgage Loans (the “Initial Portfolio”) and 
the parties agreed on the terms and conditions under which (b) the 
Seller may transfer to the Guarantor subsequent portfolios of Eligible 
Assets in order to collateralise and allow the issue of further series or 
tranches of Covered Bonds by the Issuer, subject to the limits to the 
assignment of further Eligible Assets set forth by the BoI Regulations 
(each, a “Subsequent Portfolio”), (c) the Guarantor, until an Issuer 
Event of Default has occurred, may purchase from the Seller further 
portfolios of Eligible Assets in order to invest the Principal Available 
Funds, subject to the Integration Limits, provided that there are 
sufficient Principal Available Funds to be applied in accordance with the 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments (each, a 
“Further Portfolio”) and (d) the Seller may assign and transfer to the 
Guarantor from time to time further Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets in order to ensure compliance with the 
Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Test in accordance with the Portfolio 
Management Agreement.  
Pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement, and subject to the 
conditions provided therein, the Seller shall be allowed to repurchase 
Eligible Assets which have been assigned to the Guarantor. 
The Eligible Assets, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets will be 
assigned and transferred to the Guarantor without recourse (pro soluto) 
in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law and subject to the terms and 
conditions of the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Under the Master Purchase Agreement, the Seller has made certain 
representations and warranties regarding itself and the Eligible Assets 
transferred from time to time to the Guarantor. 
General Criteria 
Each of the receivables deriving from the Mortgage Loans forming part 
of the Cover Pool shall comply with all of the following criteria (the 
“Mortgage Loans General Criteria”): 
1. 
receivables arising from loans advanced by, or purchased by, 
Mediobanca Premier S.p.A. (formerly CheBanca! S.p.A., Micos 
S.p.A. and Micos Banca S.p.A.);  
2. 
receivables arising from residential mortgage loans and non 
residential mortgage loans meeting the requirements of Article

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
7-novies, paragraph 2, letter (a) of the Law 130/99; 
3. 
mortgage receivables, in respect of which the ratio between the 
loan’s amount outstanding added to the principal amount 
outstanding of any higher ranking mortgage loans secured by 
the same property does not exceed on the Valuation Date the 
percentage provided in Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (d) of the 
CRR for the residential mortgage loans or the percentage 
provided in Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (f) of the CRR for the 
non residential mortgage loans; 
4. 
receivables that did not provide at the time of disbursement for 
any subsidy or other benefit in relation to principal or interest 
(mutui agevolati); 
5. 
receivables that have not been granted to public entities (enti 
pubblici), clerical 
entities (enti ecclesiastici) or public 
consortium (consorzi pubblici); 
6. 
receivables that are not consumer loans (crediti al consumo);  
7. 
receivables that are not a mutuo agrario pursuant to Articles 
43, 44 and 45 of the Banking Act;  
8. 
receivables that are secured by a mortgage created, in 
accordance with the laws and regulations applicable from time 
to time, over real estate assets sited in the Republic of Italy;  
9. 
receivables the payment of which is secured by a first ranking 
mortgage (ipoteca di primo grado economico), such term 
meaning (i) a first ranking mortgage or (ii) a second or 
subsequent ranking priority mortgage in respect of which (A) 
the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or subsequent 
mortgage has been formally consented by the relevant lender to 
the total cancellation; or (B) the obligations secured by the 
mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or subsequent 
mortgage have been fully satisfied; or (C) the lender secured by 
the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or subsequent 
mortgage is Mediobanca Premier (even if the obligations 
secured by such ranking priority mortgage(s) have not been 
fully satisfied) provided that the relevant receivables secured by 
such second or subsequent ranking priority mortgages meet the 
Mortgage Loans General Criteria;  
10. 
receivables in respect to which the hardening period (periodo di 
consolidamento) applicable to the relevant mortgage has 
expired and the relevant mortgage is not capable of being 
cancelled pursuant to Article 166 of the Insolvency Law and, if 
applicable, of Article 39, fourth paragraph, of the Banking Act; 
11. 
receivables that are fully disbursed and in relation to which 
there is no obligation or possibility to make additional

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
disbursement;  
12. 
receivables that, as of the transfer date, did not have any 
instalment pending for more than 30 days from its due date and 
in respect of which all other previous instalments due before the 
transfer day have been fully paid; 
13. 
receivables that are governed by Italian Law; 
14. 
receivables that have been granted to individuals (persone 
fisiche) that as of the relevant Valuation Date were not 
employees of companies included in the Mediobanca Group or 
of the different bank originating the loans from which such 
receivables arise; 
15. 
receivables that are denominated in Euro (or disbursed in a 
different currency and then re-denominated in Euro); 
16. 
receivables in respect of which at least one instalment (rata) is 
fallen due and paid, including in case of interest instalment; 
17. 
receivables related to loan agreements executed with borrowers 
that are resident in Italy.  
Each of the receivables deriving from the Public Assets which may form 
part of the Cover Pool shall comply with all of the following criteria (the 
“Public Assets General Criteria”): exposures to, or guaranteed by, 
the public entities and other subjects referred to in Article 129, 
paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR.  
The receivables comprised in each Subsequent Portfolio, in each 
Further Portfolio as well as the Eligible Assets transferred to the 
Guarantor in order to ensure compliance with the Tests and the 
Liquidity Buffer Test shall also comply with the relevant Specific 
Criteria. 
“Specific Criteria” means the criteria for the selection of the 
receivables to be included in the Subsequent Portfolios and/or Further 
Portfolios to which such criteria are applied, set forth in Schedule 1, Part 
II, to the Master Purchase Agreement. 
“General Criteria” means the Mortgage Loans General Criteria 
and/or the Public Assets General Criteria.  
In addiction to the General Criteria and the Specific Criteria, the Seller 
and the Guarantor may agree on applying to the Subsequent Portfolios 
and/or to the Further Portfolios further selection criteria, specifying 
them in the Schedule B to the relevant Transfer Proposal (the “Further 
Criteria”).  
“Criteria” means jointly the General Criteria, the Specific Criteria and 
(to the extent applicable) the Further Criteria.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Tests, Liquidity 
Buffer Test, 
Integration Limits 
The Mandatory Tests 
Starting from the First Issue Date and until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds 
issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and  
(ii) 
the date on which a Issuer Default Notice is served on the 
Guarantor as a consequence of an Issuer Event of Default, 
the Issuer and the Seller undertake to procure that, with respect to the 
Cover Pool, each of the following tests is met: 
(i) 
the outstanding aggregate notional amount of the assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool shall be higher than or equal to the 
aggregate notional amount of all outstanding Series of Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme, provided that the 
Minimum Overcollateralisation Requirement is complied with 
on an ongoing basis; prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default 
Notice, this test will be deemed met to the extent that the Asset 
Coverage Test is met (the “Nominal Value Test”); 
(ii) 
the net present value of the Cover Pool, taking into account any 
Integration Asset and/or Liquid Asset in excess of the 
Integration Limits, transferred pursuant to the Master Purchase 
Agreement and the Portfolio Management Agreement for the 
purposes of complying with the Nominal Value Test, together 
with the expected cash flows to be received by the Guarantor 
under any hedging arrangement entered into in relation to the 
transaction which comply with the criteria provided in Article 7-
decies of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations (net of the 
transaction costs to be borne by the Guarantor including the 
Expected Programme Unwind Costs and costs of any hedging 
arrangement entered into in relation to the transaction) shall be 
at least equal to the net present value of the outstanding Series 
of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (the “NPV 
Test”); 
(iii) 
the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the 
assets included in the Cover Pool, taking into account any 
Integration Asset and/or Liquid Asset in excess of the 
Integration Limits, transferred pursuant to the Master Purchase 
Agreement and the Portfolio Management Agreement for the 
purposes of complying with the Nominal Value Test, and by any 
hedging arrangement entered into in relation to the Programme 
which complies with the Criteria provided in Article 7-decies of 
the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations (net of the transaction 
costs to be borne by the Guarantor including the expected costs 
and costs of any hedging arrangement entered into in relation 
to the transaction) taking into account the expected cash flows 
to be received by the Guarantor under any hedging

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
arrangement entered into in relation to the transaction shall be 
at least equal to the interests and costs due by the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (the “Interest 
Coverage Test” and, together with the Nominal Value Test 
and the NPV Test, the “Mandatory Test”). 
The Mandatory Tests will be made by Mediobanca (the “Test Report 
Provider”) on any Calculation Date with reference to the last day of the 
preceding Collection Period. 
The Asset Coverage Test  
Starting from the First Issue Date and until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds 
issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and  
(ii) 
the date on which a Issuer Default Notice is served on the 
Guarantor as a consequence of an Issuer Event of Default, 
the Issuer and the Seller undertake to procure that on any Calculation 
Date the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds. For a 
more detailed description, see section “Credit structure”. 
The Amortisation Test 
For so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, on each 
Calculation Date following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default, the Amortisation Test 
Aggregate Loan Amount shall be equal to or higher than the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (the “Amortisation 
Test”). 
For a more detailed description, see section “Credit structure”.  
The Liquidity Buffer Test 
Pursuant to article 7-duodecies of the Law 130/99 and the 
implementing measures of the Bank of Italy Regulations, until the 
date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the 
context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in 
accordance with the Conditions, the Issuer and Seller shall procure 
on a ongoing basis that the amount of Liquid Assets included in the 
Cover Pool (including the amounts from time to time standing to the 
credit of the Accounts) is equal to or higher than the maximum 
cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 
180 days, provided that for the purposes of calculating the Net 
Liquidity Outflows, the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bond shall be deemed to be due on the relevant Extended Maturity 
Date (where applicable) and not on the relevant Maturity Date (the 
“Liquidity Buffer Test”).

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Integration Limits 
For a more detailed description, see section “Credit structure”.  
Until the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds 
issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions, the Issuer and 
Seller shall procure on a ongoing basis that the aggregate amount of 
Integration Assets ans/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool 
are not in excess of the limits set forth under article 129 paragraph 
1(a) of the CRR (the “Integration Limits”). It is understood that 
pursuant to article 129 paragraph 3(a) of the CRR the Integration 
Limits shall not apply to transfer of Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets made for the purposes of complying with the Nominal Value 
Test.  
For a more detailed description, see section “Credit structure”.  
Test Performance Report 
Compliance with the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Test and the Integration 
Limits will be verified by the Test Report Provider on each Calculation 
Date (with reference to the last day of the immediately preceding 
Collection Period) and on any other date on which the verification of the 
Tests is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents. The 
calculations performed by the Test Report Provider in respect of the 
Tests will be tested from time to time by the Asset Monitor in 
accordance with the provisions of the Asset Monitor Agreement and the 
Engagement Letter, as the case may be.  
The Test Report Provider shall prepare and deliver to the Issuer, the 
Seller (and any Additional Seller, if any), the Guarantor, the Servicer, 
the Representative of the Bondholders, the Asset Monitor and the 
Rating Agency, a report setting setting out: (A) on each Calculation Date 
which falls prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the 
calculations carried out by it with respect of the Mandatory Tests, the 
Asset Coverage Test, the Integration Limits and the Liquidity Buffer 
Test, , and (B) on each Calculation Date which falls following the 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the calculations carried out by it 
with respect of the Amortisation Test, the Liquidity Buffer Test and the 
Integration Limits (the "Test Performance Report"). Such report 
shall specify the occurrence of a breach of the Mandatory Tests and/or 
the Amortisation Test and/or of the Asset Coverage Test and/or the 
Integration Limits and/or the Liquidity Buffer Test (if any). 
See section “Credit Structure”, below. 
Breach of the 
Tests, the 
Liquidity Buffer 
Test and the 
Integration Limits 
Following the notification by the Test Report Provider, in the relevant 
Test Performance Report, of a breach of any Test, the Guarantor, shall 
purchase Eligible Assets from the Seller (and/or any Additional Seller, if 
any) and/or the Issuer in accordance with the Master Purchase 
Agreement and/or purchase, or invest in, Integration Assets and Liquid 
Assets, in order to ensure that, within the Test Grace Period, the

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
relevant Tests are satisfied with respect to the Cover Pool.  
Should the relevant breach have not been remedied prior to the expiry 
of the applicable Test Grace Period, in accordance with the Article 4.1 of 
the Portfolio Management Agreement, a Segregation Event has occurred 
and the Representative of the Bondholders shall serve a notice (the 
“Breach of Test Notice”) to the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor. 
Upon the occurrence of a Segregation Event: 
(a) 
no further Series of Covered Bonds may be issued by the Issuer; 
(b) 
the purchase price for any Eligible Assets or Integration Assets to 
be acquired by the Guarantor shall be paid only using the 
proceeds of a Subordinated Loan, except where the breach 
referred to in the Breach of Test Notice is related to the Interest 
Coverage Test and may be cured by using the Available Funds. 
It is understood that: 
(i) 
the consequences set out in paragraph (a) and (b) above shall be 
applied at any time if a Test is not compliant with the Covered 
Bonds Law and/or the provisions of the Portfolio Management 
Agreement; 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Segregation Event and until an 
Issuer Default Notice has been delivered, payments due under 
the Covered  
(iii) 
Bonds will continue to be made by the Issuer. 
After the service of a Breach of Test Notice to the Issuer, the Seller and 
the Guarantor, the Guarantor (or the Servicer on behalf of the 
Guarantor) may sell any Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid 
Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the rules set out in 
Article 9 and 10 of the Portfolio Management Agreement, provided that 
the Representative of the Bondholders has been duly informed.  
Once a Breach of Test Notice has been delivered to the Issuer, the Seller 
and the Guarantor, should the relevant Test has not been remedied by 
the following Calculation Date, the Representative of the Bondholders 
shall deliver an Issuer Default Notice to the Issuer, the Seller and the 
Guarantor unless the Representative of the Bondholders, having 
exercised its discretion, resolves otherwise or an Extraordinary 
Resolution is passed resolving otherwise. 
After the service of an Issuer Default Notice to the Issuer, the Seller and 
the Guarantor, the Guarantor (or the Servicer on behalf of the 
Guarantor) shall sell any Eligible Assets and Integration Assets included 
in the Cover Pool in accordance with the rules set out in Article 9 and 10 
of 
the 
Portfolio 
Management 
Agreement, 
provided 
that 
the 
Representative of the Bondholders has been duly informed.  
It being understood that should a breach of the Amortisation Test occur

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
after an Issuer Event of Default, the Representative of the Bondholders 
may but shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Bondholders, serve to the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor the 
Guarantor Default Notice if such a breach is not cured within the 
following Calculation Date. 
Following the notification by the Test Report Provider, in the relevant 
Test Performance Report, of a breach of the Liquidity Buffer Test, the 
Seller and, to the extent that the Seller does not meet such obligation, 
the Issuer has undertaken to: 
(A) 
prior to an Issuer Event of Default: 
(i) 
sell Liquid Assets to the Guarantor in accordance with, and 
subject to the terms, set out in the Master Receivbales 
Purchase Agreement; and/or 
(ii) repurchase Assets by exercising the call option provided for 
under clause 11 of the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement in accordance with, and subject to the terms, 
set out therein; and/or 
(iii) grant to the Guarantor funds under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreements in accordance with, and subject to the terms, 
set out therein,  
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Liquidity 
Buffer Test is complied with; and 
(B) 
following an Issuer Event of Default, sell (through the Portfolio 
Manager) Assets in accordance with the rules set out in such 
Agreement. 
Following the notification by the Test Report Provider, in the relevant 
Test Performance Report, of a breach of the Integration Limits, the 
Seller and, to the extent that the Seller does not meet such obligation, 
the Issuer has undertaken to assign to the Guarantor and the Guarantor 
shall purchase from the Seller (and/or any Additional Seller, if any) or 
the Issuer, as the case may be, out of the Principal Available Funds, 
Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in 
accordance with the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, in order 
to ensure that the Integration Limits are satisfied with respect to the 
Cover Pool. 
After a Guarantor Event of Default, the Guarantor shall immediately sell 
(through the Portfolio Manager) all Eligible Assets, Integration Assets 
and Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
procedures described in the Portfolio Management Agreement, 
provided that the Guarantor will instruct the Portfolio Manager to use 
all reasonable endeavours to procure that such sale is carried out as 
quickly as reasonably practicable taking into account the market 
conditions at that time and subject to any right of pre-emption in favour 
of the Seller under the Master Purchase Agreement and the Portfolio

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Management Agreement.  
See section “Credit Structure” and section “Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Portfolio Management Agreement”, below. 
Role of the Asset 
Monitor 
The Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed upon procedures set out 
in an engagement letter entered into with the Issuer (the 
“Engagement Letter”). The Asset Monitor will also perform the other 
activities provided under the Asset Monitor Agreement entered into on 
or about the First Issue Date. 
6.  THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Master Purchase 
Agreement 
On November, 30 2011 the Seller and the Guarantor entered into a 
master purchase agreement (as lastly amended and restated on 21 
September 2023 in order to make the Programme compliant with the 
new legal framework of the Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI 
Regulations, the “Master Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which 
the Seller assigned and transferred, without recourse (pro soluto), to the 
Guarantor the Initial Portfolio, in accordance with the Covered Bonds 
Law. Pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement, the Seller and the 
Guarantor agreed that the Seller may assign and transfer Subsequent 
Portfolios and/or Further Portfolios to the Guarantor from time to time 
in the cases and subject to the limits set out in the Master Purchase 
Agreement. 
See Sections “The Cover Pool” and “Description of the Transaction 
Documents - Description of the Master Purchase Agreement”. 
Subordinated 
Loan Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a subordinated loan agreement entered into on 
November, 30 2011 between the Subordinated Lender and the 
Guarantor (the “Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement”), the 
Subordinated Lender has undertaken to make available to the 
Guarantor a subordinated loan of a total amount of Euro 
2,000,000,000.00, for the purposes of (i) providing the Guarantor with 
the funds necessary to purchase the Initial Portfolio in the context of the 
first issue of Covered Bond and (ii) funding the purchase by the 
Guarantor of the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets in 
order to remedy (or prevent) a breach of the Tests and/or the Liquidity 
Buffer Test. Under the Intercreditor Agreeement the parties have agreed 
that, within the context of the Programme, the Subordinated Lender 
may enter into subsequent subordinated loan agreements (the 
“Subsequent Subordinated Loan Agreements” and, together with 
the Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement, the “Subordinated Loan 
Agreements”) which will have substantially the same terms and 
conditions of the Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
The Guarantor will pay interest and/or Premium in respect of each 
Subordinated Loan but will have no liability to gross up for Tax. 
Payments from the Guarantor to the Seller under the Subordinated 
Loans will be limited recourse and subordinated and paid in accordance 
with the Priority of Payments to the extent the Guarantor has available

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
funds. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents – Initial Subordinated 
Loan Agreement”, below.  
Servicing 
Agreement and 
Collection Policies 
Pursuant to the terms of a servicing agreement entered into on 30 
November, 2011 (as lastly amended and restated on 21 September 2023 
in order to make the Programme compliant with the new legal 
framework of the Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations, 
the “Servicing Agreement”), the Servicer has agreed to administer 
and service the Assets comprised in the Cover Pool, on behalf of the 
Guarantor. 
The Servicer has undertaken, inter alia, to prepare and submit quarterly 
reports to the Guarantor, the Seller, the Issuer, the Asset Monitor, the 
Representative of Bondholders, the Swap Counterparty, the Corporate 
Servicer and the Calculation Agent, in the form set out in the Servicing 
Agreement, containing information as to all the amounts collected from 
time to time by the Guarantor in respect of the Assets as principal, 
interest and/or expenses and any payment of damages (the 
“Collections”), as a result of the activity of the Servicer pursuant to the 
Servicing Agreement during the preceding Collection Period.  
See section “Description of the Transaction Documents - Servicing 
Agreement” and “Credit and Collection Policies”, below. 
Guarantee 
On or about the First Issue Date the Guarantor issued a guarantee 
securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds 
(as lastly amended and restated on 21 September 2023 in order to make 
the Programme compliant with the new legal framework of the Title 1-
bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations, the “Guarantee”), in 
accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bonds Law. 
See sections “Transaction Summary –Guarantee” and “Description of 
the Transaction Documents - Guarantee”, below. 
Corporate 
Services 
Agreement 
Pursuant to a corporate services agreement entered into on 21 
December, 2023 (as amended and supplemtented from time to time, the 
“Corporate Services Agreement”), the Corporate Servicer has 
agreed to provide the Guarantor with certain administrative services, 
including the keeping of the corporate books and of the accounting and 
tax registers. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - Corporate Services 
Agreement”, below. 
Intercreditor 
Agreement 
Under the terms of an intercreditor agreement entered into on or about 
the First Issue Date (as lastly amended and restated on 21 September 
2023 in order to make the Programme compliant with the new legal 
framework of the Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations, 
the “Intercreditor Agreement”) among, the Guarantor, the 
Quotaholders, the Seller, the Servicer, the Subordinated Lender, the 
Investment Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Bondholders, the Asset Monitor, the Cover Pool Swap Provider, the 
Covered Bond Swap Provider, the Account Bank, the Paying Agents, the 
Test Report Provider, the Interest Determination Agent, the Corporate 
Servicer (collectively, with the sole exclusion of the Guarantor and the 
Quotaholders, the “Secured Creditors”), the parties agreed that all 
the Available Funds of the Guarantor will be applied in or towards 
satisfaction of the Guarantor's payment obligations towards the 
Bondholders as well as the other Secured Creditors, in accordance with 
the relevant Priorities of Payments provided in the Intercreditor 
Agreement.  
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the 
Bondholders will, subject to a Guarantor Event of Default having 
occurred, ensure that all the Available Funds are applied in or towards 
satisfaction of the Guarantor's payment obligations towards the 
Bondholders as well as the other Secured Creditors, in accordance with 
the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments provided in 
the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to each of the Bondholders and 
each of the other Secured Creditors will be limited recourse obligations 
of the Guarantor. The Secured Creditors will have a claim against the 
Guarantor only to the extent of the Available Funds, in each case subject 
to and as provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents –Intercreditor 
Agreement”, below. 
Cash Management 
Agreement 
In accordance with a cash management and agency agreement entered 
into on or about the First Issue Date, among, inter alios, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Servicer, the Seller, the Account Bank, the Investment 
Manager, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Interest 
Determination Agent, the Paying Agent, the Test Report Provider and 
the Representative of the Bondholders (as amended and restated on 21 
September 2023 in order to make the Programme compliant with the 
new legal framework of the Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI 
Regulations, and subsequently amended on 4 February 2025, the 
“Cash Management Agreement”), the Account Bank, the Paying 
Agents, the Interest Determination Agent, the Test Report Provider, the 
Investment Manager, the Cash Manager, and the Calculation Agent will 
provide the Guarantor with certain calculation notification and 
reporting 
services 
together 
with 
account 
handling 
and 
cash 
management services in relation to moneys from time to time standing 
to the credit of the Accounts. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement”, below. 
Asset Monitor 
Agreement 
In accordance with an asset monitor agreement entered into on or about 
the First Issue Date, among the Asset Monitor, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Seller, the Servicer, the Representative of the

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Bondholders and the Test Report Provider (as lastly amended and 
restated on 21 September 2023 in order to make the Programme 
compliant with the new legal framework of the Title 1-bis of the Law 
130/99 and the BoI Regulations, the “Asset Monitor Agreement”) 
the Asset Monitor will conduct independent tests in respect of the 
calculations performed by the Interest Determination Agent and 
Calculation Agent for the Tests, as applicable on a quarterly basis, with a 
view to verifying the compliance by the Guarantor with such tests. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - Asset Monitor 
Agreement”. 
Portfolio 
Management 
Agreement 
By a Portfolio management agreement entered into on or about the First 
Issue Date, among, inter alia, the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the 
Test Report Provider, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and the 
Representative of the Bondholders (as amended and restated on 21 
September 2023 in order to make the Programme compliant with the 
new legal framework of the Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI 
Regulations, and subsequently amended on 4 February 2025, the 
“Portfolio Management Agreement”), the Seller and the Issuer 
have undertaken certain obligations for the replenishment of the Cover 
Pool in order to prevent and/or cure a breach of the Tests.  
See 
“Description 
of 
the 
Transaction 
Documents 
- 
Portfolio 
Management Agreement”, below. 
Quotaholders 
Agreement 
The quotaholders' agreement entered into on 18 November 2021 among 
the Mediobanca Premier and SPV Holding S.r.l. (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, the “Quotaholders' Agreement”), 
contains provisions and undertakings in relation to the management of 
the Guarantor.  
See “Description of the Transaction Documents –Quotaholders’ 
Agreement”, below. 
Deed of Charge 
By a deed of charge (the “Deed of Charge”) executed by the Guarantor 
on or about the First Issue Date, the Guarantor has, with full title 
guarantee, assigned absolutely to the Representative of the Bondholders 
(acting as security trustee for the Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors, the “Security Trustee”), by way of first fixed security, all of 
its rights under the Swap Agreements as security for the payment and 
discharge of its obligations under the Guarantee. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - Deed of Charge”, 
below. 
Programme 
Agreement 
By a programme agreement to be entered into on or about the First 
Issue Date among the Issuer, the Representative of Bondholders and the 
Dealers (as lastly amended and restated on 21 September 2023 in order 
to make the Programme compliant with the new legal framework of the 
Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations, the 
“Programme Agreement”), the Dealers have been appointed as such. 
The Programme Agreement contains, inter alia, provisions for the

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series or 
Tranche. By a subscription agreement form of which is attached to the 
Programme Agreement, to be entered into within the Programme 
among the Issuer and the Dealers (the “Relevant Dealers”), the 
Relevant Dealers will agree to subscribe for the relevant tranche of 
Covered Bonds and pay the Issue Price subject to the conditions set out 
therein (the “Subscription Agreement”). 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - Description of the 
Programme Agreement”, below. 
Cover Pool Swap 
Agreements 
In order to hedge the interest rate risks related to the Cover Pool, the 
Guarantor may enter into one or more swap transactions with the 
relevant Cover Pool Swap Counterparty subject to an ISDA Master 
Agreement, the CSA and the relevant confirmation (the “Cover Pool 
Swaps” and each a “Cover Pool Swap”).  
Covered Bond 
Swap Agreements 
In order to hedge the currency and/or interest rate exposure in relation 
to obligations under the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor may enter into 
one or more swap transactions with the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty, on or about each Issue Date, subject to an ISDA Master 
Agreement, the CSA and the relevant confirmation (the “Covered 
Bond Swaps” and each a “Covered Bond Swap”).  
Provisions of 
Transaction 
Documents 
The Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are 
deemed to have notice of, all provisions of the Transaction Documents 
applicable to them. In particular, each Bondholder, by reason of holding 
Covered Bonds, recognises the Representative of the Bondholders as its 
representative and accepts to be bound by the terms of each of the 
Transaction 
Documents 
signed 
by 
the 
Representative 
of 
the 
Bondholders as if such Bondholder was a signatory thereto.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Covered Bonds is subject to a number of risks. In purchasing Covered 
Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and the Guarantor may become insolvent or 
otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds.  
The Issuer and the Guarantor have identified and described in this section a number of factors 
which could materially adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due 
under the Covered Bonds. Most of these factors are contingencies that may or may not occur.  
However, the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest or repay principal on the 
Covered Bonds may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by 
the Issuer and the Guarantor based on the information currently available to them or which 
they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
The risks that are specific to the Issuer are presented in 3 categories and the risks that are 
specific to the Covered Bond are presented in 4 categories, in each case with the most material 
risk factor presented first in each category and the remaining risk factors presented in an 
order which is not intended to be indicative either of the likelihood that each risk will 
materialise or of the magnitude of its potential impact on the business, financial condition and 
results of operations of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Prospective Bondholders should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference hereto) and the 
Transaction Documents and reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon 
advice from such financial legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to 
making any investment decision.  
1. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER AND THAT MAY 
AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE 
COVERED BONDS  
The risks below have been classified into the following categories:  
(A) 
Risks related to the business of the Issuer and the Mediobanca Group and to the sector in 
which they operate;  
(B) 
Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuer and the Mediobanca Group; and 
(C) 
Risks related to the legal and regulatory scenario. 
(A)  
RISKS RELATED TO THE BUSINESS OF THE ISSUER AND THE MEDIOBANCA GROUP AND 
TO THE SECTOR IN WHICH THEY OPERATE. 
Systemic risks related to the economic/financial crisis, the impact of the current 
uncertainties in the macroeconomic scenario and the continuation of the 
Russian-Ukrainian conflict plus the tensions in the Middle East 
The operations, earnings capacity and the stability of the sector of the Issuer and the 
Mediobanca Group may be influenced by its/their credit standing, the general economic 
situation of Italy and the entire Eurozone, trends on financial markets and the economic, social 
and financial consequences generated by the Russia/Ukraine conflict and the tensions in the 
Middle East due to the rekindling of the conflict between Israel and Hamas and, in general, the 
conflicts in the Middle East. With reference to financial markets, the solidity, resilience and 
growth prospects of the economies of the countries in which the Issuer operates in particular will

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
be especially important. 
The macroeconomic scenario currently reflects significant areas of uncertainty in relation to: (a) 
the Russian- Ukrainian conflict; (b) the conflict between Israel and Hamas and, in general, the 
conflicts in the Middle East; (c) the structural reforms being undergone by China; and (d) the 
possible joint actions by the main rating agencies. 
In relation to point (a) above, because of the persistence of the conflict, the Russian government 
is adopting countermeasures to the sanctions imposed by the EU which consist of economic and 
financial measures, including Decree no. 198 of 16 August 2024, to grant Russian citizens access 
to their own funds that are currently still subject to sanctions and therefore frozen. In particular, 
the decree in question, in addition to another measure issued in 2022, allows Russian residents 
and the entities controlled by them to charge their own income from investments in securities to 
parties resident in other countries not subject to the same restrictions. 
In relation to point (b) above, the tensions generated by the conflict between Israel and Hamas 
are changing continuously; the worsening of the conflict, and the escalation throughout the 
entire Middle Eastern region,  which could lead to conflict on a wider scale, would have negative 
consequences for the whole Western market, and therefore also on the Issuer’s earnings 
situation. 
In relation to point (c) above, the geopolitical tensions between the Western bloc of countries 
and China seem to have stabilized over the second half of the last financial year. However, 
further structural reforms imposed by the Chinese government could give rise to macroeconomic 
and market consequences, due to the impact on the trend in the demand for exports, which in 
turn would affect both inflation and the Issuer’s and the Group’s own growth prospects. 
In relation to point (d) above, any joint actions by the main rating agencies which result in an 
assessment of the creditworthiness of the Republic of Italy below the level of investment grade, 
may have a negative impact on the income statement, balance sheet and financial position of 
Mediobanca and/or the Group. 
Accordingly, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the deterioration or continuation of the 
conflict, and the further tensions between the Western world and China, coupled with the 
possibility of combined actions by the rating agencies, risks creating negative repercussions on 
the earnings, capital and financial situation of the Issuer and/or of the Group. 
Credit and counterparty risk 
The business activities of both Mediobanca and the Group and their earnings and financial 
solidity depend also on the credit standing of their respective clients and counterparties. 
Mediobanca is exposed to the risks traditionally associated with credit activity. Accordingly, 
breach by its customers of contracts entered into and their own obligations, or the possible 
failure to provide information or the provisions of incorrect information by them regarding their 
respective financial and credit situation, could impact negatively on the earnings, capital and/or 
financial situation of Mediobanca. 
The Group’s portfolio has no material direct exposures versus the Russian Federation, Ukraine, 
Belarus or the Middle East. 
The exposures as at 30 June 2024 confirmed those of the previous year and concerned 
approximately €13 million in Corporate and Investment Banking, €366.7 million in Private 
loans (€307 million) and €92 million in Retail Banking (substantially unchanged).

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
The Corporate and Investment Banking direct exposure was provided by Mediobanca 
International (Luxembourg) S.A. and is classified at Stage 3 but is covered by insurance (Sace). 
Private Banking exposures concern 65 households of CMB Monaco customers of Russian or 
Ukrainian nationality, most of whom reside in Europe or in any case abroad (only 5 households 
in reference to persons residing in the Russian Federation remain for €6.7 million); however, 
these are largely loans secured by prestigious properties in the Monaco – Côte d’Azur area 
and/or by financial instruments deposited with the Bank (sureties altogether established on 
such exposures entail a limited Loan to Value, under 40%). 
Retail Banking exposures concerned Compass clients (€61.8 million) and Mediobanca Premier 
clients (€30 million), classified according to their Russian and Ukrainian nationality, even 
though residing in Italy in nearly all cases. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Mediobanca Group had a gross NPL ratio (i.e. gross non-performing 
loans as a percentage of gross total customer loans) of 2.1%, compared with 2.5% for the same 
ratio as at 30 June 2023. 
As at 30 June 2024, gross non-performing loans had decreased from €1,582.1 million twelve 
months previously to €1,336.7 million, mainly due to the sale of NPLs managed by Revalea 
(which totalled €242.3 million at the end June 2023); therefore, the impact stood at 2.5% of 
cash credit exposures to customers (2.9% in June 2023). 
The coverage ratio increased (69.1% against 61.2%), thus leading to a reduction in net non-
performing loans (from €613.2 million to €413.7 million). As at 30 June 2023, gross non-
performing assets stood at €1,339.7 million, without including the former Revalea NPLs, with an 
impact of 2.5% on loans; the coverage ratio was 72.1%. 
With regard to loan concentration, as at 30 June 2024, gross aggregate exposures (including 
equity investments and those deriving from market risks) exceeding 10% of the CET1 regulatory 
capital (c.d. “Patrimonio di Vigilanza di Classe 1”) concerned ten groups of connected customers 
(two more than last financial year) and totalled €12.6 billion (€8.4 billion, taking collateral and 
weightings into account), compared to €9.4 billion (€7.1 billion, taking collateral and weightings 
into account) as at 30 June 2023. The ten positions involve two insurance companies, and eight 
banking groups. 
Risks related to the 2023-26 Strategic Plan 
On 24 May 2023, Mediobanca’s Board of Directors approved its 2023-26 Strategic Plan One 
Brand – One Culture (the “Strategic Plan”), which lays the foundations for the consolidation 
of the unique Private & Investment Banking model and identifies a series of actions across all 
divisions to contribute to a more sustainable future in terms of reducing environmental impacts, 
attention to inclusion and diversity and community support. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the objectives of the Strategic Plan to be achieved (the 
‘Plan Objectives’) are confirmed and the Strategic Plan is valid. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s capability to implement the actions and to 
meet the relevant plan objectives depends on a number of circumstances, some of which are 
beyond the Issuer’s control, including, but not limited to, the macroeconomic scenario, which 
could be compromised by the consequences deriving from the Russia/Ukraine conflict and from 
tensions in the Middle East, the changes in the regulatory framework, and the effects of specific 
actions or concerning future events which the Issuer is only partially able to influence. 
Furthermore, there is no certainty that the actions provided for in the Strategic Plan will result in

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
the benefits expected from implementation of the plan objectives; if such benefits fail to 
materialize, the results expected by Mediobanca may differ, even materially, from those 
envisaged in the Strategic Plan. 
Market risk 
The Issuer is subject to market risk, defined as the risk of the loss of value of the financial 
instruments, including sovereign debt securities, held by the Issuer as a result of movements in 
market variables (including, but not limited to, interest rates, stock market prices and/or 
exchange rates) or other factors that could trigger a deterioration in the capital solidity of the 
Issuer and/or the Group. Mediobanca calculates the Value at Risk (“VaR”) on a daily basis. VaR 
is a measurement of the market risk associated with a financial asset, of the positions held in its 
trading book, assuming a disposal period of a single trading day and a confidence level of 99%. 
The other sensitivities (known as the “Greeks”) are measured in relation to risk factors such as 
interest rates, share prices, exchange rates, credit spreads, inflation and volatility. Stress testing 
versus the main risk factors is also carried out, in order to pick up the impact which significant 
movements in the main market variables might have, and ad hoc indicators are implemented to 
capture risks not measured by VaR. 
Such fluctuations may be caused by political, economic and market considerations, the 
availability and cost of capital, the level and volatility of share and bond prices, the price of 
commodities, interest rates, credit spreads, the value of currencies and other market indicators, 
innovations and developments in the field of technology, the availability and cost of credit, 
inflation, and investors’ perception of and confidence in financial markets. 
In the past fiscal year, market fluctuations were mainly driven by interest rates and monetary 
policy expectations. 
In particular, volatility on the stock markets remained high in the first four months of the 
financial year: the main stock indexes showed fluctuations in returns ranging between +6% and -
6% due to uncertainty of the macroeconomic and geopolitical context, the upside pressures on 
oil prices, caused by lower supply from producing countries (primarily Saudi Arabia and Russia) 
and tensions in the Middle East due to the rekindling of the conflict between Israel and Hamas. 
Since November, there has been a general decline in interest rates and the stock market has 
followed a general upward trend due to the less aggressive than expected behaviour of monetary 
policy authorities. Finally, in June there was a partial recovery of volatility generated by the 
outcome of the European elections of 8 and 9 June and the subsequent elections to the French 
Parliament. 
The aggregate value-at-risk on the trading book for the year ended on 30 June 2024 ranged from 
a low of €3.2 million in November 2023 to a high of €10 million recorded in late December 
2023. The average reading of €5.9 million was 30% lower than the previous financial year’s 
average (€8.4 million). After the peak, the VaR figure progressively dropped to €4.6 million at 
the end of the year, below the average of the financial year.  
Operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of incurring losses as a result of the inadequacy or 
malfunctioning of procedures, staff and IT systems, human error or external events. 
The Issuer is exposed to different types of operational risk. The event types most impacted by 
operational risk are originated by products sold to clients, commercial practices, the execution of

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
operating processes, and frauds committed from outside the Group. 
Although the Mediobanca Group has adopted a system for recording, assessing and monitoring 
operational risks with a view to preventing and containing them, it should be noted that 
unpredictable events or events otherwise beyond the control of the Issuer could occur, which 
could impact negatively on the Issuer’s and the Group’s operating results, activities and earnings, 
capital and/or financial situation, as well as on their reputation. 
The operating losses recorded during the financial year account for approximately 0.33% of total 
income (compared to 1.2% as at 30 June 2023). The majority of the operating losses for the 
financial year arose from the Event Type “Clients, products and business practices”, which 
includes costs deriving from disputes or litigation with Consumer Banking and Retail customers 
concerning financial terms and conditions or interest rates applied to financing products. 
Although no material losses were generated, there was an increase in certain instances (classes) 
of operational risk, such as IT & cyber risk and outsourcing risk. 
Operational risk does not include compliance risk, strategic risk or reputational risk.  
Risks related to climate/environmental changes  
The Issuer and the Group are exposed to risks related to climate and environmental change, 
which includes two main risk factors, referred to as physical risk and transition risk. Physical 
risk can have an adverse effect on both the Group’s assets (e.g. properties being damaged 
following severe weather events) and on those of its clients, with potential repercussions on, for 
example, assets used as collateral for loans granted. Transition risk can generate possible 
adverse repercussions on the performances of clients impacted by the transition to a low carbon 
emission-based and more sustainable economy. 
As part of the 2023-2026 “One Brand - One Culture” Strategic Plan, the Mediobanca Group 
asserted its commitment on climate and environmental issues to support its clients in their ESG 
transition strategies by providing specialized advisory activities and by allocating capital with an 
ESG focus. The new strategic plan contains specific targets relating to ESG factors. The intention 
to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050 has been confirmed, in addition to reducing the carbon 
intensity of loans by 18% by the end of 2026 and by 35% by the end of 2030. 
During the twelve months under review, Mediobanca has introduced assessments of the capital 
adequacy to address climate and environmental risks to both the capital planning process (which 
includes the ICAAP) and the liquidity reserves as part of the Group’s Internal Liquidity Adequacy 
Assessment Process (ILAAP). Such forward-looking analysis of climate and environmental risks 
is aimed at assessing the impact on the Group’s liquidity over a 1-3 year time frame. 
It should be noted that the Group does not have significant exposures vis-à-vis counterparties 
with high climate and environmental risk (as of 30 June 2024, the exposure to high-risk 
counterparties for the Corporate Investment Banking loan and investment portfolio was less 
than 1% of the aforementioned portfolio). 
The possibility of the adoption of new policies for climate and environmental risk, the future 
development of the areas of intervention in ESG and sustainable growth terms, and changing 
consumer preferences and market confidence impacting adversely on the operating results and 
on the earnings, capital and/or financial situation of the Issuer and the Group cannot be ruled 
out.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
IT and Cyber risk 
IT risk is defined as the risk of incurring losses in terms of earnings, reputation and market share 
in relation to the use of the company’s information system and in relation to malfunctions in 
terms of hardware, software and networks. 
Cyber risk is defined as a type of IT risk relating to cyber security aspects and involving risks 
deriving from cyber attacks. 
It is also worth noting that, with update no. 40th of 3 November 2022, the Circular No. 285 was 
amended in order to implement the EBA Guidelines on ICT and security risk management. The 
Group, in compliance with the requirements of the abovementioned update of Circular No. 285, 
set up a new second-level "ICT & Security Risk" unit (the “Unit”) within the Non-Financial 
Risks Unit (being art of the Group Risk Management unit). The Unit is responsible for 
monitoring and controlling IT and security risks, as well as verifying the adherence of IT 
operations to the IT and security risk management system. 
The IT risk is affected, during the year and in terms of exposure, by elements such as increased 
dependence on IT systems, the number of users who use virtual channels, the quantities of data 
managed which requires protection and the quality of which must be guaranteed, and the use 
being made of IT services provided by third parties, as well as external elements such as ongoing 
conflicts and the adoption of new technological systems, that extend the attack surface by 
introducing new specific threats. In consideration of this context, ICT and security risk is subject 
to increasing regulatory attention (i.e. DORA Regulation - Digital Operational Resilience Act, 
Regulation 2022/2554/EU, applicable from January 2023) and to the attention of supervisors 
(i.e. Cyber Resilience Stress Testing), which require the continuous development of the Internal 
Control System. 
It is likely that the combination of the factors described above, characterised by a rapid 
evolution, may lead to a growing and significant exposure to such risks for both the Issuer and 
the Group with impacts on their financial position and business model. 
(B)  RISKS RELATED TO THE FINANCIAL SITUATION OF THE ISSUER AND OF THE 
MEDIOBANCA GROUP  
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk of the Issuer not being able to meet its own payment 
obligations as and when they fall due, as a result of an inability to raise the necessary funds on 
the market (funding liquidity risk), or to difficulties in selling its own assets to meet them except 
by making a loss on them (market liquidity risk). Liquidity risk has different timing profiles, as 
follows: (i) the current or potential risk of the Issuer being unable to manage its own liquidity 
needs effectively in the short-term (so called liquidity risk); and (ii) the risk of the Issuer not 
having stable sources of funding over the medium and long term, making it unable to meet its 
own financial obligations without an excessive increase in the cost of funding (so called funding 
risk). 
The Issuer’s liquidity may be affected by: (i) volatility on domestic and International markets; 
(ii) adverse changes in the general economic scenario; (iii) market situations, such as it being 
temporarily impossible to access the market by issuing shares; and (iv) changes in the Issuer’s 
credit rating, i.e. its degree of earnings/financial reliability, which affects market liquidity risk as 
described above. All these circumstances could arise as a result of causes independent of the 
Issuer, such as market turbulence, impacting negatively on its risk profile.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) as at 30 June 2024 was equal to 159% (compared to 
179.5% as at 30 June 2023), including the prudential estimate of “additional liquidity outflows 
for other products and services” in accordance with Article 23 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61; i.e. higher than the minimum requirement of 100% set by the 
regulators as of 1 January 2018. The LCR indicator was temporarily raised in June 2023 
compared to the Issuer's average - and then normalised in the following quarter - due to the 
Issuer's decision to anticipate funding transactions relating to the following financial year. The 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) as at 30 June 2024 was equal to 116.8% (compared to 
119.3% as at 30 June 2023), i.e. higher than the minimum requirement of 100% introduced 
starting from 2021. 
The LCR and NSFR are liquidity indicators. The LCR serves to maintain a liquidity buffer that 
will enable the Issuer to survive for a period of thirty days in the event of exceptionally stressful 
circumstances, while the NSFR records structural liquidity, ensuring that assets and liabilities 
retain a sustainable structure in terms of maturities. 
The Group’s participation in targeted longer-term refinancing operations (“TLTROs”) (i.e., 
operations whereby credit institutions in the Eurozone can receive finance for up to 3 years on 
advantageous terms, in order to improve credit market conditions and stimulate the real 
economy) with the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) as at 30 June 2024 amounted to €1.3 
billion (€5.6 billion as at 30 June 2023). The application of the T-LTRO refinancing strategy, 
approved in the Strategic Plan, with the precautionary refinancing of the maturity stock to 
safeguard the indicators of liquidity and stable funding (LCR and NSFR), allowed Mediobanca to 
repay approximately €4.3 billion of the ECB programme. 
Although Mediobanca constantly monitors its own liquidity risk, any negative development of 
the market situation and the general economic context and/or creditworthiness of Mediobanca, 
may have negative effects on the activities and the economic and/or financial situation of 
Mediobanca and the Group. In particular, in light of the findings set forth in the EBA third 
report on LCR and NSFR monitoring1, Mediobanca remains attentive to the evolution of the 
funding market to ensure that its ordinary refinancing strategies and normal business are not 
affected by the cumulative effect of the maturity of all the remaining central bank funding and 
additional outflows due to the impact of adverse market liquidity scenarios.  
Sovereign exposure risk 
Mediobanca is exposed to movements in government securities, in particular to Italian sovereign 
debt securities.  
As at 30 June 2024, the aggregate exposure to sovereign states held by the Mediobanca Group 
amounted to €10.3 billion, of which €7.16 billion booked at fair value, and €3.2 billion at 
amortized cost, with €1 billion in securities held by other banks in the Mediobanca Group. On 
the same date, the aggregate exposure to Italian government securities was €5.5 billion, 
representing 36.8% of the Group’s total financial assets and 5% of the total assets (compared to 
6% as at 30 June 2023). The average duration of the exposures was approximately  two years. As 
at 30 June 2023, the same exposure reflected amounted to €7 billion (of which €3.6 billion 
recognized at fair value and €3.4 billion at amortized cost). The short duration of the securities 
portfolio together with the sudden rise in market rates allowed the Group to increase the 
portfolio yield by approximately 140 bps. 
                                                             
1 EBA Report on “Monitoring of liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio implementation in the EU” of 15 June 2023.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Tensions in sovereign debt securities, with reference in particular to any deterioration in the 
spread on Italian government securities relative to those of other European member states, and 
any combined actions by the leading rating agencies that would result in the rating for Italian 
sovereign debt being downgraded to below investment grade level, may impact negatively on the 
Mediobanca’s portfolio, its capital ratios and liquidity position. 
Risk related to court and arbitration proceedings  
The risk deriving from court and arbitration proceedings for Mediobanca consists of a 
reputational risk, i.e. the damages that Mediobanca could incur if one or more of the rulings in 
the court and arbitration proceedings in which Mediobanca is involved generates a negative 
perception of Mediobanca and/or the Group on the part of clients, counterparties, shareholders, 
investors or the supervisory authorities.  
As at the date hereof, Mediobanca and its Group companies are not, or have not been, involved 
in proceedings initiated by the public authorities, legal disputes or arbitrations which could have 
or which have, in the recent past, had significant consequences for the Mediobanca’s or the 
Group’s financial position or profitability.  
It is believed that the provision for risks and charges (which as at 30 June 2024 amounted to 
€137.7 million), is sufficient to cover any charges relating to the actions that have been brought 
against Mediobanca and the other Group companies, mainly having tax nature, and to cover 
other contingent liabilities (as at 30 June 2023 the provision included €161.1 million for 
litigation and other contingent liabilities). 
(C)  
RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL AND REGULATORY SCENARIO  
Changes in the Italian and European regulatory framework could adversely 
affect the Issuer's business 
The Issuer is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the 
Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (the Italian securities market regulator), the 
European Central Bank and the European System of Central Banks.  
The banking laws to which the Issuer is subject govern the activities in which banks and 
foundations may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and 
limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial services laws that 
govern its marketing and selling practices. The regulatory framework governing the 
international financial markets is currently being amended, and new legislation and regulations 
are being introduced in Italy and could significantly alter the Issuer’s capital requirements. 
The supervisory authorities mentioned above govern various aspects of the Issuer, which may 
include, among other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the prevention and combating 
of money laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in customer 
relations and registration and reporting obligations. In order to operate in compliance with 
these regulations, Mediobanca has in place specific procedures and internal policies. Despite the 
existence of these procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that violations of 
regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect the Group’s results of operations, 
business and financial condition. The above risks are compounded by the fact that, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, certain laws and regulations have only been approved and the relevant 
implementation procedures are still in the process of being developed. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Package is intended to enable a range of

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms 
considered to be at risk of failing. The implementation of the directive or the 
taking of any action under it could materially affect the value of the Covered 
Bonds 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and the Council (the “BRRD”), as amended 
by Directive 879/2019/EU, (the “BRRD II” and, jointly with the BRRD, the “BRRD 
Framework”), which, inter alia, introduced the so-called “bail-in” must be taken into 
consideration and put in force by the Mediobanca Group. 
The BRRD Framework is intended to enable a wide range of actions that could be taken towards 
institutions considered to be at risk of failing (i.e., the sale of business, bridge institution, asset 
separation and bail-in tools). 
The execution of any action under the BRRD Framework relating to the Mediobanca Group 
could materially affect the value of, or any repayments linked to, the Covered Bonds. 
Notwithstanding the above, it should be noted that pursuant to Article 44(2) of the BRRD, as 
implemented in Italy by Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015, 
resolution authorities shall not exercise the write down or conversion powers in relation to 
secured liabilities, including covered bonds and liabilities in the form of financial instruments 
used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the cover pool and which according to 
national law are secured in a way similar to covered bonds.  
This notwithstanding, resolution authorities, where appropriate, may excercise those powers in 
relation to any part of a secured liability or a liability for which collateral has been pledged 
(including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments) that exceeds the value of the 
assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured.  
Risk related to major regulatory changes  
In the wake of the global financial crisis that began in 2008, the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision approved a number of capital adequacy and liquidity requirements aimed at 
reaching higher and better-quality capital and risk coverage and at implementing measures to 
promote the build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods of stress, the introduction of a 
leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-based requirement as well as two global liquidity 
standards (the “Basel III Framework”). The Basel III Framework adopted a gradual 
approach, with the requirements to be implemented over time. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published a final set of amendments to its Basel III 
Framework, based on a very significant risk weighted assets (“RWAs”) variability agenda whose 
implementation has been postponed to 1 January 2023. This includes revised standardised 
approaches (e.g. credit, market, operational risk), constraints to the use of internal models as 
well as the introduction of a capital floor. The regulator’s primary aim is to eliminate 
unwarranted levels of RWA variance. The new setup will have a significant impact on risk 
modelling. From a credit risk perspective, there may be an impact both on capital held against 
the exposures assessed via standardised approach and on those evaluated via an internal ratings 
based approach, due to the introduction of capital floors that, according to the new framework, 
will be calculated based on the revised standardised approach. 
At the European level, the Basel III Framework began to be implemented through two separate 
legislative instruments: Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRD IV Directive”) and Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRR” and together with the CRD 
IV Directive, the “CRD IV Package”). 
Later, the CRD IV Package was revised as a result of the adoption of a comprehensive reform 
package first announced by the European Commission in November 2016 (the “EU Banking 
Reform”). In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts of the EU Banking Reform were 
published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures consist of: 
 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending the CRD IV Directive as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures (the “CRD V”); 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements (the “CRR II”); 
 
the BRRD II, which amended the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single 
Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 as regards the loss absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions 
and investment firms (the “SRMR II”). 
At national level, the legal acts of the EU Banking Reform have been implemented through the 
adoption of Legislative Decree No. 182/2021, implementing CRD V and CRR II and Legislative 
Decree No. 193/2021 transposing BRRD II and SRMR II. 
In response to the Covid-19 pandemic, the CRR and CRR II have also been amended by 
Regulation (EU) No. 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020 
(so-called CRR Quick Fix) with the aim to introduce adjustments to mitigate the impact of the 
financial crisis arising from the Covid-19 pandemic, including temporary measures intended to 
enhance credit flows to companies and households and changes to regulatory requirements that 
affect supervisory reporting. 
These reforms as well as other laws and regulations that may be adopted in the future could 
adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.  
Recently, in order to finalize the implementation of Basel III Framework, the European 
Commission has amended the CRR by means of Regulation (EU) 2024/1623 (“CRR III”) and 
the CRD IV by means of Directive (EU) 2024/1619 (“CRD VI”). Both CRR III and CRD VI have 
been published on the EU Official Journal on 19 June 2024 and entered into force on 9 July 
2024. Most of the amended provisions of the CRR will become effective on 1 January 2025, while 
CRD VI needs to be transposed by EU member states and applied by 11 January 2026 (with 
some exceptions).

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
In particular, the CRR III seeks to contribute to financial stability and to the steady financing of 
the economy in the context of the post-COVID-19 crisis recovery. Those general objective can be 
broken down in the following more specific objectives: 
 
to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, without significant increases in capital 
requirements overall;  
 
to enhance the focus on ESG risk in the prudential framework;  
 
to further harmonise supervisory powers and tools;  
 
to reduce institutions’ administrative costs related to public disclosure and to improve 
access to institutions prudential data.  
These further regulatory changes could impact, inter alia, the entire banking system and 
consequently could determine changes in the capital calculation and increase capital 
requirements of the Issuer. 
Risks related to changes in fiscal law  
The Issuer is subject to risks associated with changes in tax law or in the interpretation of tax 
law, changes in tax rates and consequences arising from non-compliance with procedures 
required by tax authorities. In particular, the Issuer is required to pay Italian corporate income 
taxes (“IRES”) pursuant to Title II of Italian Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 December 1986 
(i.e. the Consolidated Income Tax Law, or “TUIR”) and the Italian regional business tax 
(“IRAP”) pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 446 of 15 December 1997, and the amount of taxes 
due and payable by the Issuer may be affected by tax benefits from time to time available. 
Italian Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023, published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 
2023, delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from its 
publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the reform of the Italian tax system. 
This tax reform, once implemented, could significantly change the taxation of the Issuer as well 
as of financial incomes and capital gains, that may impact on the current tax regime applicable 
to the Covered Bond. 
2. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE COVERED BONDS 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
(A) 
Risks which are material for assessing the market risks associated with the Covered 
Bonds; 
(B) 
Risks related to the Guarantor; 
(C) 
Risks related to the underlying; and 
(D) 
Risks related to the market. 
(A) 
RISKS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH 
THE COVERED BONDS 
Obligations to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the 
Issuer under the Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
obligations, ranking pari passu without any preference amongst themselves and equally with its 
other direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any claim 
directly against the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds will not benefit from any security or 
other preferential arrangement granted by the Issuer. The Guarantor has no obligation to pay 
the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Guarantee until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default and service by the Representative of the Bondholders of an Issuer Default Notice or, if 
earlier, following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service by the 
Representative of the Bondholders of a Guarantor Default Notice. The occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default does not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. Pursuant to the Guarantee, 
following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice, the Guarantor shall substitute the Issuer in every and all obligations of the Issuer vis-a-
vis the Bondholders, so that in such a scenario the Bondholders would have only the right to 
receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal from the Guarantor on 
the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. However, failure by the Guarantor to pay amounts due 
under the Guarantee would constitute a Guarantor Event of Default which would entitle the 
Representative of the Bondholders to accelerate the obligations of the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds (if they have not already become due and payable) and the obligations of the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee.  
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the 
Arranger, Dealers, the Representative of the Bondholders or any other party to the Transaction 
Documents, their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, 
other than the Issuer and the Guarantor. The Issuer and the Guarantor will be liable solely in 
their corporate capacity for their obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such 
obligations will not be the obligations of their respective officers, members, directors, employees, 
security holders or incorporators. 
Extendable obligations under the Guarantee  
With respect to the Series (or Tranche) of Covered Bonds in respect of which the Extended 
Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if the Guarantor is obliged 
under the Guarantee to pay a Guaranteed Amount and has insufficient funds available under the 
relevant priority of payments to pay such amount on the Extension Determination Date, then the 
obligation of the Guarantor to pay such Guaranteed Amounts shall automatically be deferred to 
the relevant Extended Maturity Date. However, to the extent the Guarantor has sufficient 
moneys available to pay in part the Guaranteed Amount in respect of the relevant Series (or 
Tranche) of Covered Bonds and any amount (including any amount due to any Swap 
Counterparty) ranking pari passu or in priority thereto, on the date falling on the Extension 
Determination Date, the Guarantor shall make such partial payment in accordance with the 
relevant Priorities of Payments, as described in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) on the 
relevant Maturity Date and any subsequent CB Payment Date falling prior to the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date. Payment of the unpaid amount shall be deferred automatically until the 
applicable Extended Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the 
unpaid Guaranteed Amount on the basis set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out 
therein, Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), mutatis mutandis. In these circumstances, 
except where the Guarantor has failed to apply money in accordance with the relevant Priorities 
of Payments in accordance with Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), failure by the 
Guarantor to pay the relevant Guaranteed Amount on the Maturity Date or any subsequent CB 
Payment Date falling prior to the Extended Maturity Date (or the relevant later date in case of an 
applicable grace period) shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. However, failure by 
the Guarantor to pay any Guaranteed Amount or the balance thereof, as the case may be, on the

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
relevant Extended Maturity Date and/or pay any other amount due under the Guarantee will 
(subject to any applicable grace period) constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds  
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series, but on different terms from each other, subject to the 
terms set out in the relevant Final Terms in respect of such Series. Covered Bonds of different 
Series will not be fungible among themselves. Series may be issued in more than one Tranche 
which are fungible among themselves within the Series and are identical in all respects, but 
having different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first 
interest payments. All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each 
other in all respects and will share equally in the security granted by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee. If an Issuer Event of Default and/or a Guarantor Event of Default occur(s) and 
result(s) in acceleration, all Covered Bonds of all Series will accelerate at the same time. 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered 
Bonds may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a 
description of the most common of such features. 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those 
Covered Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when their cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the 
Covered Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds which do not pay current interest but are issued at a 
discount from their nominal value or premium from their principal amount. Such Covered 
Bonds are characterised by the circumstance that the relevant bondholders, instead of 
benefitting from periodical interest payments, shall be granted an interest income consisting in 
the difference between the redemption price and the issue price, which difference shall reflect 
the market interest rate. A holder of a zero coupon covered bond is exposed to the risk that the 
price of such covered bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. Prices of zero 
coupon covered bonds are more volatile than prices of fixed rate covered bonds and are likely to 
respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest bearing covered bonds 
with a similar maturity. Generally, the longer the remaining terms of such Covered Bonds, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's 
ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Covered Bonds since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a 
lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds. If the 
Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Covered Bonds.  
Fixed interest rate risks 
Investments in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involve the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. In particular, a 
potential increase in market interest rates may have an adverse impact on the liquidity or the 
market value of the Covered Bond (due to the difficulty to find potential purchasers of the Fixed 
Rate Covered Bond). 
Floating rate risks 
Investments in Floating Rate Covered Bonds involve the risk for the Bondholders of fluctuating 
interest rate levels and uncertain interest earnings.  
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of 
Covered Bonds linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” - including, without limitation, 
the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) - are the subject of national, international and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to 
perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered 
Bond referencing such a “benchmark”.  
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on 
indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies, subject to certain 
transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to 
an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”), among 
other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could 
have a material impact on any Covered Bond linked to or referencing a benchmark rate or index, 
deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
“benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant “benchmark”.  
More broadly, any of the international, national or other reforms or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations 
or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles 
indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts 
(without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 
11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR 
fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the group issued its final 
statement, announcing completion of its mandate.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; 
(ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading 
to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bond linked to, 
referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a “benchmark”. 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of any applicable floating rate Covered Bonds or any other 
Covered Bonds whose return is determined by reference to any “benchmark”, if the Issuer or 
Calculation Agent determines at any time that the Relevant Screen Page on which the Reference 
Rate (as defined below) for such Covered Bonds appears has been discontinued or following the 
adoption of a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration as set out in Article 35 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation or any other benchmark administrator previously authorized to 
publish any Replacement Reference Rate under any applicable laws or regulations, the Issuer 
will appoint a "Reference Rate Determination Agent" who will determine a replacement 
Reference Rate (the “Replacement Reference Rate”), as well as any necessary changes to the 
business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day 
count fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, including any 
adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the Relevant 
Screen Page on which the Reference Rate appears. Such Replacement Reference Rate and any 
such other changes will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the 
Bondholders, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent and any other person and 
will apply to the relevant Covered Bonds without any requirement that the Issuer obtain consent 
of any Bondholders.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
The Replacement Reference Rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its 
general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be 
difficult to determine or measure. In addition, the replacement rate may perform differently 
from the discontinued benchmark.  Moreover, any holders of such Covered Bonds that enter into 
hedging instruments based on the Relevant Screen Page on which appears the Reference Rate 
may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with 
instruments tied to the Replacement Reference Rate. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent is unable to determine an appropriate Replacement 
Reference Rate for any discontinued Reference Rate or a decision to withdraw the authorization 
or registration as set out in Article 35 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or any other benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish any Replacement Reference Rate under any 
applicable laws or regulations is adopted but for any reason a Replacement Reference Rate is not 
determined, then the provisions for the determination of the rate of interest on the affected 
Covered Bonds will not be changed. In such cases, the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds provide that the relevant Interest Rate on such Covered Bonds will be the last Reference 
Rate available for the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as 
determined by the Interest Determination Agent, effectively converting such Covered Bonds into 
fixed rate Covered Bonds. 
Furthermore, in the event that no Replacement Reference Rate is determined by the Reference 
Rate Determination Agent and the affected Covered Bonds are effectively converted to fixed rate 
Covered Bonds as described above, investors holding such Covered Bonds might incur costs 
from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders of such 
Covered Bonds will not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of such Covered 
Bonds could therefore be adversely affected. 
Covered Bondholders are bound by Programme Resolutions 
Any Programme Resolution to direct the Representative of the Bondholders to take any 
enforcement action must be passed at a single meeting of the holders of all Covered Bonds of all 
Series then outstanding as set out in the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders attached 
to the Conditions and cannot be decided upon at a meeting of Bondholders of a single Series. A 
Programme Resolution will be binding on all Bondholders including Bondholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
Covered Bondholders are bound by certain decisions of the Representative of the 
Bondholders 
Pursuant to the Rules of Organisation of the Bondholders, the Representative of the 
Bondholders may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Bondholders, concur with the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making or sanctioning any 
modifications to the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders, the Conditions and/or the 
other Transaction Documents: 
(a) 
provided that in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders which may be 
based on the advice of, or information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, 
tax advisor, Rating Agency or other expert, as described in the Conditions, such 
modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Bondholders of 
any Series; or

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
(b) 
which in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders which may be based on 
the advice of, or information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, tax advisor, 
Rating Agency or other expert, as described in the Conditions, are made to correct a 
manifest error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of 
the Bondholders or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
Ratings of the Covered Bonds may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. 
The ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds address:  
(i) 
the likelihood of full and timely payment to Bondholders of all payments of interest on 
each CB Payment Date; and  
(ii) 
the likelihood of ultimate payment of principal to Bondholders on (a) the Maturity Date 
thereof or (b) if the Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Maturity Date in respect 
of the Guarantee in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, on the Extended 
Maturity Date thereof. 
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms for each 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. Any rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its 
rating if, inter alia, in the sole judgment of the relevant rating agencies, the credit quality of the 
Covered Bonds has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is 
lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced.  
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered 
Bonds.  
Covered Bonds Law 
Law 130/99 was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and amended in 2005 to allow for the issuance of 
covered bonds. Law 130/99 was further amended during the following years, including by 
Legislative Decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the “Decree 190/2021”) implementing 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162.  
Decree 190/2021, implementing Directive (EU) No. 2019/2162, was published in the Official 
Gazette No. 285 of 30 November 2021 and entered into force on 1 December 2021. In this 
respect, the Italian legislator chose to exercise the following options provided by Directive (EU) 
No. 2019/2162: (i) the possibility not to apply the liquidity requirement of the cover pool limited 
to the period covered by the liquidity requirement provided for in Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered bonds with extendable maturity 
structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity requirement of the cover 
pool in case of programs with extendable maturity by taking as a reference the final maturity 
date for the payment of principal. 
Moreover, Decree 190/2021 designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the 
public supervision of the covered bonds, which is entrusted with the issuing of the implementing 
measures of Title I-bis of Law 130/99, as amended, by 8 July 2022, in accordance with article 3, 
paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021 (the “Implementing Measures”). In this respect, the 
provisions of Law 130/99, as amended by Decree 190/2021, apply to covered bonds issued 
starting from 8 July 2022, in certain cases subject to entry into force of the Implementing 
Measures as referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021 by 8 July 2022. On the

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
other hand, articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of Law 130/99 (before being amended by Decree 
190/2021) and the relevant implementing measures, will continue to apply to any series or 
tranche of covered bonds issued before the entry into force of the Implementing Measures.  
On 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy published the Implementing Measures which amended 
Part III, Chapter 3, of the circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, containing the “Disposizioni di 
vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and amended (the “BoI Regulations”), which 
entered into force on 31 March 2023. 
The Implementing Measures amended the BoI Regulations with regard to, inter alia, (i) the 
definition of the criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including 
derivative contracts with hedging purposes among covered bonds eligible assets; (ii) the 
procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for issuing new issuance 
programmes; (iv) the possibility also for banks with credit rating 3 to act as counterparties of a 
derivative contract with hedging purposes; and (v) the conditions for issuing covered bonds 
under already existing programmes, as of the date of the entry into force of the Implementing 
Measures. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of Law 130/99 to the 
extent that it relates to covered bonds has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or 
regulatory authority, except for the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy relating to 
covered bonds under the BoI Regulations concerning guidelines on the valuation of assets, the 
procedure for purchasing integration assets and controls required to ensure compliance with the 
legislation. Consequently, it is possible that such or different authorities may issue further 
regulations relating to Law 130/99 as it relates to covered bonds or the interpretation thereof. It 
is possible that the issuance of such further regulations relating to Law 130/99, or the 
interpretation thereof, may have an impact which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI Regulations require that certain controls be performed by the Issuer (see “Selected 
aspects of Italian law – Controls over the transaction”), aimed, inter alia, at mitigating the risk 
that any obligation of the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds is not complied with. 
Whilst the Issuer believes it has implemented the appropriate policies and controls in 
compliance with the relevant requirements, investors should note that there is no assurance that 
such compliance ensures that the aforesaid controls are actually performed and that any failure 
to properly implement the relevant policies and controls could have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s or the Guarantor's ability to perform their obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
However investors should consider that, in accordance with the BoI Regulations, a qualified 
entity (being an auditing firm) has been appointed as asset monitor in the context of the 
Programme to carry out controls on the regularity of the transaction (regolarità dell’operazione) 
and the integrity of the Guarantee (integrità della garanzia) (see “Description of the Asset 
Monitor”). 
Tax consequences of holding the Covered Bonds - No Gross-up for Taxes 
Prospective investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Covered Bonds 
and consult their own tax advisers about their own tax situation. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if Tax Deduction is imposed on any payment under the 
Covered Bonds, the Guarantor will make the required Tax Deduction for the account of the 
Bondholders, as the case may be, and shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
Bondholders. 
(B) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE GUARANTOR 
Guarantor only obliged to pay guaranteed amounts on the Due for Payment Date 
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Guarantee 
until service of an Issuer Default Notice by the Representative of the Bondholders on the 
Guarantor following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default.  
An Issuer Default Notice can only be served if an Issuer Event of Default occurs. A Guarantor 
Default Notice can only be served if a Guarantor Event of Default occurs.  
Following service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor (provided that (a) an Issuer 
Event of Default has occurred and (b) no Guarantor Default Notice has been served) under the 
terms of the Guarantee, the Guarantor will be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts on the Due 
for Payment Date. Such payments will be subject to and will be made in accordance with the 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments. In these circumstances, other than the 
Guaranteed Amounts, the Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any amount, for example in 
respect of broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums, default interest or interest on 
interest which may accrue on or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Limited resources available to the Guarantor  
The Guarantor's ability to meet its obligations under the Guarantee will depend on the realisable 
value of the Cover Pool, the amount of principal and interest generated by the Cover Pool and the 
timing thereof, the proceeds of any Eligible Investments and amounts received from the Swap 
Counterparties. The Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to meet its 
obligations under the Guarantee.  
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the proceeds of the Cover Pool may not be sufficient to 
meet the claims of all the Bondholders. If the Bondholders have not received the full amount due 
to them pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, then they may still have an 
unsecured claim against the Issuer for the shortfall. There is no guarantee that the Issuer will 
have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. 
The Bondholders should note that the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test have been 
structured to ensure that the outstanding nominal amount of the Cover Pool shall be equal to, or 
greater than, the nominal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds. In addition, Law 130/99 
and the BoI Regulations provide for certain further mandatory tests aimed at ensuring that (a) 
the net present value of the Cover Pool (net of certain costs) shall be equal to, or greater than, the 
net present value of the Covered Bonds; and (b) the amount of interests and other revenues 
generated by the Cover Pool (net of certain costs) shall be equal to, or greater than, the interests 
and costs due by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds. 
However there is no assurance that there will not be a shortfall. 
The Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors have undertaken in the Intercreditor 
Agreement not to petition or commence proceedings for a declaration of insolvency (nor join any 
such petition or proceedings) against the Guarantor at least until (i) 1 (one) year and 1 (one) day 
after the Maturity Date of the Latest Maturing Covered Bonds, (ii) in case of prepayment in full 
of the Covered Bonds, 2 (two) years and 1 (one) day after the date on which the Covered Bonds 
have been repaid in full and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions or (iii) 1 (one) year and 
1 (one) day after the full redemption and cancellation of the covered bonds issued in the context

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
of any other covered bonds programme which may be implemented by the Guarantor in its 
capacity of guarantor (if any). 
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties  
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to 
perform services for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Servicer has been 
(and the Successor Servicer may be) appointed to service the Cover Pool and the Asset Monitor 
has been appointed to monitor compliance, inter alia, with the Liquidity Buffer Test, the 
Integration Limits, the Asset Coverage Test and the Mandatory Test. In the event that any of 
those parties fails to perform its obligations under the relevant agreement to which it is a party, 
the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof may be affected, or, pending such 
realisation (if the Cover Pool or any part thereof cannot be sold), the ability of the Guarantor to 
make payments under the Guarantee may be affected. For instance, if the Servicer has failed to 
adequately administer the Cover Pool, this may lead to higher incidences of non-payment or 
default by Debtors. The Guarantor is also reliant on the Swap Counterparties to provide it with 
the funds matching its obligations under the Guarantee. 
If a Servicer Termination Event occurs pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, then 
the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Bondholders will be entitled to terminate the 
appointment of the Servicer and appoint a Successor Servicer in its place. There can be no 
assurance that a substitute servicer with sufficient experience of administering the Cover Pool, 
willing and able to service the Cover Pool on the terms of the Servicing Agreement, would be 
found. The ability of a Successor Servicer to fully perform the required services would depend, 
among other things, on the information, software and records available at the time of the 
appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a Successor Servicer may affect the realisable 
value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof, and/or the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Guarantee. 
Reliance on Swap Counterparty 
To provide a hedge against interest rate risk on the Cover Pool, the Guarantor may enter into one 
or more Cover Pool Swap Agreement(s) with the relevant Cover Pool Swap Counterparty. In 
addition, to provide a hedge against currency (if any) and/or interest rate exposure in relation to 
obligations under the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor may enter into one or more Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement(s) with the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty. 
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement, then 
it will (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted under that Swap 
Agreement. A Swap Counterparty is (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) 
only obliged to make payments to the Guarantor as long as the Guarantor complies with its 
payment obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement. In circumstances where non-payment 
by the Guarantor under a Swap Agreement does not result in a default under that Swap 
Agreement, the Swap Counterparty may be obliged to make payments to the Guarantor pursuant 
to the Swap Agreement as if payment had been made by the Guarantor. Any amounts not paid by 
the Guarantor to a Swap Counterparty may in such circumstances incur additional amounts of 
interest by the Guarantor, which would rank senior to amounts due on the Covered Bonds. If the 
Swap Counterparty is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults in its obligations to make 
payments of amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid to the 
Guarantor on the payment date under the Swap Agreements, the Guarantor will be exposed to 
changes in the relevant currency exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates 
of interest. In addition, the Guarantor may hedge only part of the potential risk and, in such

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
circumstances, may have insufficient funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds or the 
Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination 
payment to the relevant Swap Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will 
have sufficient funds available to make a termination payment under the relevant Swap 
Agreement, nor can there be any assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a 
replacement swap agreement, or if one is entered into, that the credit rating of the replacement 
swap counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade of the then current ratings of 
the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agency. In addition, the swaps may provide that, 
notwithstanding the swap counterparty ceasing to be assigned the requisite ratings and the 
failure by the swap counterparty to take the remedial action set out in the relevant swap 
agreement, the Guarantor may not terminate the swap until a replacement swap counterparty 
has been found. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a 
replacement swap agreement with a replacement swap counterparty with the requisite ratings. 
If the Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement, such 
termination payment may rank pari passu with (or under certain circumstances ahead of) 
certain amounts due on the Covered Bonds. Accordingly, the obligation to pay a termination 
payment may adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds. 
(C) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE UNDERLYING 
Limits to Integration  
Under the BoI Regulations, the integration of the Cover Pool, whether through Eligible Assets, 
Integration Assets or Liquid Assets shall be carried out in accordance with the methods, and 
subject to the limits, set out in Law 130/99 and in article 129 of the CRR (see “Selected aspects of 
Italian law – Coverage requirements” and “Selected aspects of Italian law – The Liquidity 
Buffer Test requirement”).  
More specifically, under the BoI Regulations, Integration is allowed exclusively for the purpose 
of (a) complying with the tests provided for under article 7-undecies of Law 130/99; (b) 
complying with the liquidity buffer requirements provided for under article 7-duodecies of Law 
130/99; (c) complying with the limits set fort under article 129 of the CRR, including the 
statutory overcollateralisation requirements provided for under article 129, paragraph 3(a), of 
the CRR; or (d) complying with any contractual overcollateralisation requirements agreed by the 
parties to the relevant agreements.  
Such integration of the Cover Pool is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in Law 
130/99 and in article 129 of the CRR and specified above. 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
The Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Cover Pool, 
because it is expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will frequently change due to, for 
instance: 
(a) 
the Seller or the Additional Seller (if any) selling further Eligible Assets, Integration 
Assets and  Liquid Assets (also Eligible Assets which are of a type that have not 
previously been comprised in the Cover Pool to the Guarantor);  
(b) 
the Seller or the Additional Seller (if any) repurchasing certain Eligible Assets,

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Integration Assets and  Liquid Assets in accordance with the Master Purchase 
Agreement; and 
(c) 
the Seller or the Additional Seller (if any) and the Servicer being granted by the 
Guarantor with a power to renegotiate the terms and conditions of the Assets comprised 
in the Cover Pool. 
However, each claim will be required to meet the Criteria and to conform to the representations 
and warranties set out in the Master Purchase Agreement — see “Description of the Transaction 
Documents — Master Purchase Agreement”. In addition, the Mandatory Test are intended to 
ensure, inter alia, that the ratio of the Guarantor's assets to the Covered Bonds is maintained at 
a certain minimum level and the Test Report Provider will provide on each Calculation Date a 
report that will set out, inter alia, certain information in relation to the Mandatory Test. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
If an Issuer Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the Guarantor may be obliged to sell 
(through a Portfolio Manager) Selected Assets (selected on a random basis) in order to make 
payments to the Guarantor's creditors including making payments under the Guarantee, see 
“Description of the Transaction Documents — Portfolio Management Agreement”. 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Selected Assets at the times required 
and there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which may be able to be obtained for 
such Selected Assets, which may affect payments under the Guarantee. However, the Selected 
Assets may not be sold by the Guarantor for less than an amount equal to the Required 
Outstanding Principal Balance Amount for the relevant Series of Covered Bonds until six months 
prior to the Maturity Date in respect of such Covered Bonds or (if the same is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Extended Maturity Date in respect of such Covered 
Bonds. In the 6 (six) months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date or Extended Maturity 
Date, the Guarantor is obliged to sell the Selected Assets for the best price reasonably available 
notwithstanding that such price may be less than the Required Outstanding Principal Balance 
Amount. 
Realisation of assets following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default  
If a Guarantor Events of Default occurs and a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the 
Guarantor, then the Representative of the Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the 
Guarantor direct the Portfolio Manager to sell all the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and 
Liquid Assets, subject to any pre-emption right of the Seller and of the Additional Sellers (if any), 
as quickly as reasonably practicable taking into account the market conditions at that time (see 
“Description of the Transaction Documents — Portfolio Management Agreement”). 
Following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, there is no guarantee that the proceeds of 
realisation of the Cover Pool will be in an amount sufficient to repay all amounts due to creditors 
(including the Bondholders) under the Covered Bonds and the Transaction Documents.  
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the 
Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee  
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the service of an Issuer Default Notice on 
the Issuer and on the Guarantor, the realisable value of Selected Assets comprised in the Cover 
Pool may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the 
Guarantee) by, inter alia:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
(a) 
default by borrowers of amounts due on their receivables; 
(b) 
changes to the lending criteria of the Seller; 
(c) 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid 
Assets included in the Cover Pool; 
(d) 
decrease of the economic value of the Assets comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(e) 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, Consob and other regulatory authorities 
(including, without limitation, regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the 
Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool being 
unenforceable); 
(f) 
unwinding cost related to the hedging structure. 
Some of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the 
Mandatory Tests and the Criteria are intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount 
of Assets included in the Cover Pool to enable the Guarantor to repay the Covered Bonds 
following an Issuer Event of Default, service of a Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and on the 
Guarantor and accordingly it is expected (although there is no assurance) that Selected Assets 
could be realised for sufficient values to enable the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the 
Guarantee. 
Default by borrowers in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans  
Borrowers may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Loans for a variety of 
reasons. The receivables arising from the Mortgage Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and 
interest rate risks. Various factors influence delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession 
frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or 
international economic climate, regional economic conditions, changes in tax laws, interest 
rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political 
developments and government policies. Certain factors may lead to an increase in default by the 
borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the 
Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce and other similar factors may lead to an 
increase in default by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse 
impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, the ability of a 
borrower to sell a property given as security for a Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay the 
amounts outstanding under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including 
the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in 
general at the time.  
Changes to the lending criteria of the Seller  
Each of the Mortgage Loans originated by the Seller will / have been originated in accordance 
with its lending criteria at the time of origination. Each of the Mortgage Loans sold to the 
Guarantor by the Seller, but originated by a person other than a Seller (an “Originator”), will / 
have been originated in accordance with the lending criteria of such Originator at the time of 
origination. It is expected that the Seller's or the Originator’s, as the case may be, lending criteria 
will generally consider term of loan, indemnity guarantee policies, status of applicants and credit 
history. In the event of the sale or transfer of any Loans to the Guarantor, the Seller will warrant 
that (a) such Mortgage Loans as were originated by it were originated in accordance with the 
Seller's lending criteria applicable at the time of origination and (b) such Mortgage Loans as

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
were originated by an Originator were originated in accordance with the Originator's lending 
criteria applicable at the time of origination. An Originator may additionally revise its lending 
criteria at any time. The Seller may revise its lending criteria from time to time. However, if such 
lending criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Mortgage Loans, that 
may lead to increased defaults by borrowers and may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool 
and the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee. 
Insurance coverage 
All Mortgage Loans provide that the relevant real estate assets must be covered by an Insurance 
Policy issued by leading insurance companies approved by the Seller. There can be no assurance 
that all risks that could affect the value of the real estate assets are or will be covered by the 
relevant Insurance Policy or that, if such risks are covered, the insured losses will be covered in 
full. Any loss incurred in relation to the real estate assets which is not covered (or which is not 
covered in full) by the relevant Insurance Policy could adversely affect the value of the real estate 
assets and the ability of the relevant Debtor to repay the relevant mortgage loan. 
Set-off risks 
Under general principles of Italian law, the borrowers under the Mortgage Loans are entitled to 
exercise rights of set-off in respect of amounts due under any Mortgage Loan to the Guarantor 
against any amounts payable by the Seller to the relevant borrowers and which came into 
existence prior to the later of: (i) the publication of the notice of assignment of the Claims in the 
Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) and (ii) the registration of 
such notice in the competent companies’ register. Under the representations and warranties 
contained in the Master Purchase Agreement, the Seller has agreed to indemnify the Guarantor 
in respect of any reduction in amounts received by the Guarantor in respect of the Cover Pool as 
a result of the exercise by any borrower of a right of set-off. In addition, the exercise of set-off 
rights by borrowers may adversely affect any sale proceeds of the Cover Pool and, ultimately, the 
ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee. 
Consequently, the rights of the Guarantor may be subject to the direct rights of the borrowers 
against the Seller or, as applicable the relevant Originator, including rights of set-off on claims 
arising or existing prior to notification in the Italian Official Gazette and registration at the local 
Companies' Registry. In addition, the exercise of set-off rights by the borrowers may adversely 
affect any sale proceeds of the Cover Pool and, ultimately, the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Guarantee.  
Moreover, pursuant to Law 130/99 the borrowers cannot exercise rights of set-off against the 
relevant guarantor on claims arising vis-à-vis the Seller after the publication of the notice of 
assignment in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana). 
Value of the Cover Pool 
The Guarantee granted by the Guarantor in respect of the Covered Bonds will be backed by the 
Cover Pool and the recourse against the Guarantor will be limited to such assets. Since the 
economic value of the Cover Pool may increase or decrease, the value of the Guarantor's assets 
may decrease (for example if there is a general decline in property values). The Seller makes no 
representation, warranty or guarantee that the value of a real estate asset will remain at the same 
level as it was on the date of the origination of the related Mortgage Loan or at any other time. If 
the residential property market in Italy experiences an overall decline in property values, the 
value of the Mortgage Loan could be significantly reduced and, ultimately, may result in losses to 
the Bondholders if such security is required to be enforced.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Usury Law 
Italian law No. 108 of 7 March 1996, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the 
“Usury Law”) introduced legislation preventing lenders from applying interest rates higher 
than rates (the “Usury Rates”) set every 3 (three) months on the basis of a decree issued by the 
Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance. In addition, even where the applicable Usury Rates are 
not exceeded, interest and other advantages and/or remuneration may be held to be usurious if: 
(i) they are disproportionate to the amount lent (taking into account the specific situations of the 
transaction and the average rate usually applied for similar transactions); and (ii) the person 
who paid or agreed to pay them was in financial and economic difficulties.  
Law Decree No. 394 of 29 December 2000 (the “Usury Law Decree” and, together with the 
Usury Law, the “Usury Regulations”), converted into law by law No. 24 of 28 February 2001, 
provided, inter alia, that interest is to be deemed usurious only if the interest rate promised or 
agreed by the parties exceeds the Usury Rate applicable at the time the interest rate is promised 
or agreeed, regardless of the time at which interest is repaid by the borrower. The Usury Law 
Decree also provides that, as an extraordinary measure due to the exceptional fall in interest 
rates in the years 1998 and 1999, interest rates due on instalments payable after 2 January 2001 
on loans already entered into on the date on which the Usury Law Decree came into force (such 
date being 31 December 2000) are to be substituted with a lower interest rate fixed in 
accordance with parameters determined by the Usury Law Decree.  
Despite such authentic interpretation, a jurisprudential debate has taken place on the 
interpretation of the Usury Law. In particular, a few commentators and court decisions held that, 
irrespective of the principle set out in the Usury Law Decree, if interest originally agreed at a rate 
falling below the then applicable usury limit (and thus, not usurious) were, at a later date, to 
exceed the usury limit from time to time in force, such interest should nonetheless be 
automatically reduced to the then applicable usury limit. The Italian Supreme Court in joint 
session (Corte di Cassazione a Sezioni Unite), under decision No. 24675/2017, resolved the 
above debate ruling that the interest rate is to be deemed usurious only with respect to the Usury 
Rate applicable at the time the relevant agreement is entered into, irrespective of the time of 
payment.  
In the last years, a number of objections have been raised on the basis of the excess of the usury 
limit from the sum of the default interest and the compensatory rate, based on the errouneous 
interpretation under decision of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) No. 350 of 
2013 that the default interest is relevant for the purposes of determining if an interest rate is 
usurious. Such interpretation has been constantly rejected by the Italian Courts. Other 
objections raised in the last years are based on the violation of the Usury Law by, for example, 
the sole default interest exceeding the usury limit or making reference to additional components 
(such as penalties and insurance policies). In this respect, the Italian Courts have not reached an 
unanimous position. Indeed, the Italian Supreme Court in joint session (Corte di Cassazione a 
Sezioni Unite) No. 19597 of 18 September 2020 stated that, in order to assess whether a loan 
complies with the Usury Law, also default interest rates shall be included in the calculation of the 
remuneration to be compared with the Usury Rates. In this respect, should that remuneration be 
higher than the Usury Rates, only the ‘type’ of rate which determined the breach shall be deemed 
as null and void. As a consequence, the entire amount referable to the rate which determined the 
breach of said threshold shall be deemed as unenforceable according to the last interpretation of 
the Supreme Court.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
Compounding interest (anatocismo) 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, accrued interest in respect of a monetary claim 
or receivable may be capitalised after a period of not less than 6 (six) months only (i) under an 
agreement subsequent to such accrual or (ii) from the date when any legal proceedings are 
commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code 
allows derogation from this provision in the event that there are recognised customary practices 
(usi) to the contrary. Banks and financial companies in the Republic of Italy have traditionally 
capitalised accrued interest on a three-monthly basis on the grounds that such practice could be 
characterised as a customary practice (uso normativo). However, a number of judgments from 
Italian courts (including the judgment from the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) No. 
2374/99, No. 2593/2003, No. 21095/2004 and No. 10376/06, confirmed by recent decisions 
No. 24418/2010 and No. 13861/2016) have held that such practices are not uso normativo. 
Consequently, if customers of the Seller were to challenge this practice and such interpretation of 
the Italian civil code were to be upheld before other courts in the Republic of Italy, there could be 
a negative effect on the returns generated from the Mortgage Loans. The Seller has consequently 
undertaken in the relevant transfer agreement to indemnify the Guarantor in respect of any 
losses, costs and expenses that may be incurred by the Guarantor in connection with any 
challenge in respect of interest on interest.  
In this respect, it should be noted that article 25, paragraph 3, of Legislative Decree No. 342 of 4 
August 1999 (“Law No. 342”), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted 
pursuant to Law No. 142 of 19 February 1992, has considered the capitalisation of accrued 
interest (anatocismo) made by banks prior to the date on which it came into force (19 October 
1999) to be valid. After such date, the capitalisation of accrued interest is no longer possible 
upon the terms established by a resolution of the CICR issued on 22 February 2000. Law No. 
342 has been challenged and decision No. 425 of 17 October 2000 of the Italian Constitutional 
Court has declared as unconstitutional the provisions of Law No. 342 regarding the validity of 
the capitalisation of accrued interest made by banks prior to the date on which Law No. 342 
came into force. 
Article 1, paragraph 629, of Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013 (so called, “Legge di Stabilità 
2014”) amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Act, providing that interests shall not 
accrue on capitalised interests. Article 17-bis of Law Decree No. 18 of 14 February 2016 as 
converted into Law No. 49 of 8 April 2016 further amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the 
Banking Act, providing that accrued interest shall not produce further interests, except for 
default interests, and are calculated exclusively on the principal amount. The Decree No. 343 of 3 
August 2016 issued by the Minister of Economy and Finance, in his quality of President of the 
CICR, implementing article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Act, has been published in the 
Official Gazette No. of 10 September 2016. However, given the absence of any jurisprudential 
interpretation, the impact of such new legislation may not be predicted as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Mortgage borrower protection and impact on the Programme  
Certain legislation enacted in Italy, has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage 
debtors and/or reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia: (i) the right of prepayment of the 
principal amount of the mortgage loan, without incurring a penalty; (ii) the right to the 
substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan and (iii) the right to 
suspend instalments payments relating to mortgage loans. Further details are set out in the 
section headed “Selected Aspects of Italian law - Mortgage Borrower protection”.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
The legislation referred to above under section headed “Mortgage borrower protection” above 
constitutes an adverse effect on the Portfolio and, in particular, on any cash flow projections 
concerning the Portfolio as well as on the over-collateralisation required. However, as this 
legislation is relatively new, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not in a position 
to predict its impact. 
However, the Asset Coverage Test has been structured in such a way to attribute different weight 
to Mortgage Receivables as better described in the Portfolio Management Agreement. To the 
extent any underweight in respect of the Mortgage Receivables included in the Cover Pool could 
lead to a breach of Tests, the Seller will be required to sell to the Guarantor subsequent portfolios 
of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in accordance with the 
Portfolio Management Agreement and the Master Purchase Agreement in order to remedy such 
breach. However upon occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default a massive adhesion to the above 
specified moratoria/suspension of payment measures may adversely affect the cash-flows 
deriving from the Cover Pool and as a consequence the repayment of the Covered Bonds. 
Mortgage Credit Directive 
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on 
credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010 (the “Mortgage 
Credit Directive”) sets out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations 
and administrative provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for 
consumers secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property.  
The Mortgage Credit Directive has been implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 72 of 21 
April 2016 (the “Mortgage Legislative Decree”) which clarifies that the new legal framework 
shall apply, inter alia, to (i) residential mortgage loans and (ii) loans relating to the purchase or 
preservation of the property rights on residential immovable assets. The Mortgage Legislative 
Decree sets forth certain rules of correctness, diligence, transparency and information 
undertakings applicable to the lenders and intermediaries which offer loans to the consumers 
and provides that, without prejudice to article 2744 of the Italian Civil Code, the parties may 
expressly agree in a specific clause at the closing of a loan agreements that in case of breach of 
the borrower’s payment obligations under the agreement (i.e. non-payment of an amount equal 
to 18 (eighteen) loan instalments due and payable by the debtor) the transfer or the sale of the 
mortgaged assets has as a consequence that the entire debt is settled even if the value of the 
assets or the proceeds deriving from the sale of the assets is lower than the remaining amount 
due by the debtor in relation to the loan. Otherwise if the estimated value of the assets or the 
proceeds deriving from the sale of the assets is higher than the remaining amount due by the 
debtor, the excess amount shall be returned to the consumer.  
On 29 September 2016, the Ministry of Economy and Finance issued Decree No. 380 which 
implemented Chapter 1-bis of Title VI of the Banking Law, with the view to creating a 
transparent and efficient market for consumer mortgage credit and providing an adequate level 
of protection to consumers, and, on 30 September 2016, the Bank of Italy amended the 
supervisory regulations on transparency and correctness in the relationships between 
intermediaries and clients (disposizioni di vigilanza in materia di trasparenza delle operazioni 
e dei servizi bancari e finanziari; correttezza delle relazioni tra intermediari e clienti) of 29 
July 2009, as subsequently amended, in order to implement the transparency provisions in 
compliance with the Mortgage Credit Directive and the Mortgage Legislative Decree. 
No assurance can be given that the abovementioned legislation will not adversely affect the

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee. 
Patto Marciano 
On 4 May 2016, Law Decree No. 59 of 3 May 2016 (“Decree 59/2016” – later on converted into 
Law No. 119 of 30 June 2016, as published in the Offical Gazette of the Republic of Italy No. 153 
of 2 July 2016) came into force introducing, inter alia, a new article 48-bis into the Banking Law 
(“Article 48-bis”). Pursuant to such Article 48-bis, a loan agreement entered into between an 
entrepreneur and a bank (or another entity authorised to grant loans to the public pursuant to 
article 106 of the Banking Law) may be secured by transferring to the creditor (or to a company 
of the creditor’s group authorised to purchase, hold, manage and transfer rights in rem in 
immovable property) the ownership of a property or of another immovable right of the 
entrepreneur or of a third party (which is not the main home of the owner, of the spouse or of his 
relatives and in-laws up to the third degree). Such transfer is subject to the condition precedent 
of the debtor defaulting (so-called “Patto Marciano” or “Covenant”). 
The parties may agree on the Patto Marciano while entering into the loan agreement or even 
after. In such latter case, the Patto Marciano shall be agreed upon by way of notarial deed made 
in the context of subsequent amendments. If the loan is already secured by a mortgage, the 
transfer subject to the condition precedent of the default, once registered, prevails over 
annotations and registrations carried out after the mortgage entry. 
The default occurs: (i) in case of repayment in monthly instalments, when the failure to pay 
continues for more than nine months after the expiry of at least three instalments, even if not 
consecutive, and (ii) in case of repayment in a single instalment or with instalments in periods of 
more than 1 (one) month (e.g. quarterly or semi-annual instalments), once 9 (nine) months have 
elapsed after the expiry of an unpaid instalment, provided that the aforesaid nine-month period 
shall be extended to 12 (twelve) months if the debtor has repaid at least 85 per cent. of the loan. 
In the event of default, the creditor is entitled to avail itself of the effects of the Covenant 
provided that any difference between the valuation of the right – as assessed by an expert 
appointed by the court upon request of the creditor – and the total amount of outstanding debt 
and transfer costs is paid back to the debtor. 
Use may be made of the transfer pursuant to article 2 of Decree 59/2016 even in cases where the 
right in rem in immovable property covered by the Covenant is subject to forced sale due to 
expropriation. In this case, the assessment of the debtor’s default is carried out – at the creditor’s 
request – by the enforcement court, and the evaluation is made by court appointed expert. The 
transfer to the creditor is subject – in accordance with the procedures established by the 
enforcement court – to the payment of enforcement charges and of any prior creditors or of any 
difference between the valuation of the asset and the amount of the unsettled debt. The same 
procedure applies, insofar as it is compatible, also in cases where the right in rem in immovable 
property is subject to enforcement in accordance with Presidential Decree D.P.R. No. 602/1973 
or if, after the Covenant is registered, the debtor goes bankrupt. 
Pursuant to Decree 59/2016, automatic application of the Covenant takes place upon the 
debtor’s default. Considering that certain risks may arise from the management by the creditor 
of the relevant property, such new legislation is expected to facilitate the recovery of the relevant 
claims. However, the precise impact of Article 48-bis may not be predicted as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Debtors may become subject to composition procedures for situations of over-
indebtedness or a court-supervised liquidation proceeding 
The Legislative Decree 12 Janyary 20219, no. 14 (the “Italian Insolvency Code”) provides for 
special composition procedures for situations of over-indebtedness (procedure di composizione 
della crisi da sovraindebitamento) (i.e. debt restructuring plan (piano di ristrutturazione dei 
debiti) and minor composition with creditors (concordato minore)), and for a special court-
supervised liquidation for situations of over-indebtedness (liquidazione controllata del 
sovraindebitamento), which apply to (i) consumers, professionals, small enterprises (2) 
who/which are in a situation of crisis or insolvency, agricultural enterprises and innovative start-
up companies and (ii) any other debtor which cannot be subject to judicial liquidation 
(liquidazione giudiziale) or any other liquidation procedure under Italian law applicable for 
situations of crisis (crisi) or insolvency (insolvenza). 
Over-indebtedness occurs either in a situation of crisis or in a situation of insolvency. Crisis is 
the condition that makes insolvency likely to happen, and it occurs when the perspective cash 
flow shows that the debtor will become unable to pay its debts as they fall due within the 
subsequent 12 (twelve) months; insolvency is the inability to repay debts as they fall due. 
The debt restructuring plan (piano di ristutturazione dei debiti) and the minor composition with 
creditors (concordato minore) may have liquidation or going concern purposes, on the other 
hand, the court-supervised liquidation for situations of over-indebtedness (liquidazione 
controllata del sovraindebitamento) is a court-supervised proceeding aimed at the liquidation of 
any and all assets of the Debtors. 
Should any Debtors enter into a debt restructuring plan (piano di ristutturazione dei debiti), any 
secured creditor (i.e. creditors granted by special privilege, mortgage or pledge), including the 
Issuer, shall be satisfied for an amount not lower than they would receive in the context of a 
court-supervised liquidation proceeding. The same creditors could be subject to the risk of 
having the payments due by the relevant Debtor suspended for up to 2 (two) years. 
The proposal of minor composition with creditors (concordato minore) may provide for the 
satisfaction of the claims (in full or in part), as well as the possible allocation of creditors into 
different classes. Creditors part of the same class shall share homogeneous legal positions and 
economic interests and the constitution of classes is mandatory only for creditors holding 
guarantees provided by third parties. The minor composition with creditors shall specify the 
modalities and timing of satisfaction of each creditor. 
(D) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET 
Limited liquidity 
At present there is no active and liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds. The Covered 
Bonds will not be registered under the Securities Act and will be subject to significant 
restrictions on resale in the United States. Although application has been made to list the 
Covered Bonds on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, there can be no assurance that a secondary 
market for any of the Covered Bonds will develop, or, if a secondary market does develop in 
                                                             
2 A small enterprise is defined as an enterprise that jointly meets the following requirements: 
1) 
assets in the total annual amount of not more than Euro 300.000 in the three fiscal years prior to the date of filing the petition for the opening of the 
court-supervised liquidation; 
2) 
revenues in a total annual amount not exceeding Euro 200.000 in the three fiscal years before the date of filing of the petition for the opening of the 
court-supervised liquidation ; 
3) 
an amount of debts, even if not past due, not exceeding Euro 500.000.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
respect of any of the Covered Bonds, that it will provide the holders of such Covered Bonds with 
liquidity of investments or that it will continue until the final redemption or cancellation of such 
Covered Bonds. Consequently, any purchaser of the Covered Bonds must be prepared to hold 
such Covered Bonds until the final redemption or cancellation. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. In an illiquid market, an investor might not 
be able to sell its Covered Bonds at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the 
Covered Bonds might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. 
Exchange rate and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than 
the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on 
the Covered Bonds; (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Covered Bonds and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  
Risk related to inflation 
The repayment of the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds at maturity does not protect 
investors from the risk of inflation, i.e. it does not guarantee that the purchasing power of the 
invested capital will not be affected by the increase in the general price level of consumer 
products. Consequently, the real return of the Covered Bonds, which is the adjusted return 
taking into account the inflation rate measured during the life of the Covered Bonds themselves, 
could be negative.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Guarantee 
 
Covered 
Bond 
Swap cash  
flows 
Covered Pool 
Swap cash  
flows 
Portfolio 
Purchase 
Price 
Covered  
Bonds issue 
Issuance  
Proceeds 
Assignment  
of the 
Portfolio 
Mediobanca Premier 
(the “Originator” and “Seller”) 
Subordinated 
loan 
Interest and  
principal on the 
Subordinated Loan 
  
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. 
(the “Guarantor”) 
 
 
 
(the “Issuer”) 
 
 
(the “Cover Pool Swap 
Counterparty”) 
 
 
 (the “Cover Bond  
Swap Counterparty”) 
 
Representative  
of the 
 Bondholders 
 
Asset Monitor 
Bondholdeers

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or which are published 
simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF shall be 
incorporated by reference in, and form part of this Base Prospectus:  
1. 
Issuer’s audited consolidated annual financial statements in respect of the year ending on 
30 
June 
2024, 
available 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/static/upload_new/med/0001/mediobanca-bilancioal-
30-giugno-2024-eng.pdf;  
2. 
Issuer’s audited consolidated annual financial statements in respect of the year ending on 
30 
June 
2023, 
available 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/static/upload_new/mb_/mb_eng-2023_v9.pdf; 
3. 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements in respect of the year ending on 30 June 
2024, 
available 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/static/upload_new/mbc/mbcb-
30062024_engv2.pdf; 
4. 
Guarantor’s auditors’ report in respect of the year ending on 30 June 2024, available at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/static/upload_new/mbc/mbcovered-06-24---relazione-di-
revisione-2024_v-eng.pdf;  
5. 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements in respect of the year ending on 30 June 
2023, 
available 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/static/upload_new/plu/plus_-iii--
guarantor-annual-fs-as-at-30-june-2023.pdf;  
6. 
Guarantor’s auditors’ report in respect of the year ending on 30 June 2023, available at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/static/upload_new/plu/plus_mediobanca-covered-bond--
-auditor-s-report-2023.pdf; 
7. 
the press release dated 28 October 2024 relating to the Issuer’s annual general meeting of 
28 
October 
2024, 
available 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/static/upload_new/202/0000/2024-10--28-mediobanca-
annual-general-meeting--ordinary-and-extraordinary.pdf; 
8. 
the press release published on 12 November 2024 relating to the approval by the Issuer’s 
board of directors of the results for the three months ended on 30 September 2024 
available at: https://www.mediobanca.com/static/upload_new/pre/press-release-1q-fy-
2024-25.pdf; 
9. 
the base prospectus dated 20 October 2023 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme, available at: https://www.mediobanca.com/static/upload_new/1--/1--base-
prospectus-dated-20-october-2023.pdf. 
 
In the case of the above-mentioned financial statements, together with the accompanying notes 
and (where applicable) auditor's reports, save that any statement contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in any of the documents incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this 
Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated 
by reference by way of supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation modifies or supersedes such statement.  
Where only certain sections of a document referred to above are incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus as per the cross-reference lists set out below, the parts of the document not

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
forseen in the cross-reference list tables which are not incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus are either not relevant to investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Each document incorporated herein by reference is current only as at the date of such document, 
and the incorporation by reference herein of such documents shall not create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group since the 
date thereof or that the information contained therein is current as at any time subsequent to its 
date. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor will provide, without charge to each person to whom a copy 
of this Base Prospectus has been delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy (by 
electronic means, unless such person requests hard copy) of any or all the documents deemed to 
be incorporated by reference herein unless such documents have been modified or superseded as 
specified above, in which case the modified or superseded version of such document will be 
provided. Request for such documents should be directed to each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor at their offices set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents 
will be available, without charge, at the principal office of the Paying Agent and on Mediobanca’s 
website 
(https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/results-
presentations/results.html).  
The information on the websites included in the Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. 
Cross-reference list 
Mediobanca 
- 
Consolidated 
annual 
financial 
statements as at 30 June, 2024 and 2023 (audited)  
 
 
 
 
June 2024 
 
June 2023 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
Pages* 98-99 
 
Pages* 93-94 
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account/Consolidated Income 
Statement 
Page* 100 
 
Page* 95 
Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income 
Page* 101 
 
Page* 96 
Statement of Changes in Consolidated Net Equity 
Pages* 102-103 
 
Pages* 97-98 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement Direct Method 
Page* 104 
 
Page* 99 
Reconciliation  
Page* 105 
 
Page* 100 
Notes to the Accounts 
Pages* 107-376 
 
Pages* 102-381 
External Auditors’ reports 
Pages* 87-95 
 
Pages* 82-90 
*Page numbers refer to the e-document. 
 
Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. - annual financial 
statements as at 30 June, 2024 and 2023 (audited)  
 
 
 
 
2024 
 
2023 
 
 
 
  
Directors’ report 
Balance sheet 
Pages* 2-6 
Page* 7 
 
Pages* 2-7 
Page* 8 
Income statement  
Page* 7 
 
Page* 9 
Statement of changes in equity 
Pages* 9-10 
 
Page* 10 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Page* 12 
 
Page* 11 
Cashflow statement 
Page* 13 
 
Page* 12 
Notes to the financial statements  
Pages* 14-61 
 
Pages* 13-79 
*Page numbers refer to the e-document.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. - Auditor’s report in respect of the year ending on 
30 June 2024 and of the year ending on 30 June 2023: entire documents. 
Press release dated 28 October 2024: entire document. 
Press release published on 12 November 2024: entire document except for the paragraph 
entitled “Outlook” at pages 19 and 20. 
The base prospectus dated 20 October 2023 relating to the Programme 
Terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 192-263

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF MEDIOBANCA 
Legal status and information 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. was set up on 10 April 1946 by virtue of a 
notarial deed drawn up by Notary public Arturo Lovato, file no. 3041/52378. Mediobanca is a 
joint stock company incorporated under Italian law registered in the Milan, Monza-Brianza, Lodi 
Companies’ Register under Registration no. 00714490158 having its registered office and 
administrative headquarters in Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia 1, 20121 Milan, Italy, tel. No.: (0039) 02-
88291. In accordance with its by-laws, the duration of Mediobanca is until 30 June 2100. 
Mediobanca operates under Italian law, and the court of Milan has jurisdiction over any disputes 
arising against it. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Mediobanca’s issued share capital totals 
€ 444,680,575, represented by 833,279,689 registered shares.  
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of Mediobanca is PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44. 
Important events in Mediobanca’s recent history 
Neither Mediobanca nor any company in the Group have carried out transactions that have 
materially affected or that might be reasonably expected to materially affect, Mediobanca’s 
ability to meet its obligations towards third parties.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited, (“S&P”) rated Mediobanca “A-2” (short-term debt), “BBB” (long-term debt) 
with stable outlook; as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
(“Fitch”) rated Mediobanca “F3” (short-term debt), “BBB” (long-term debt) with stable outlook 
and Moody’s France S.A.S. (“Moody’s”) rated Mediobanca “Baa1” (long-term debt) with 
negative 
outlook 
– 
see 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-
rating/rating.html.  
To the knowledge of Mediobanca, each of S&P, Fitch and Moody’s is a credit rating agency which 
is established in the European Union and has been registered in accordance with Regulation 
1060/2009/EC on credit rating agencies (as amended from time to time) (the “CRA”). As such 
each of S&P, Fitch and Moody’s is included in the latest list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA – see 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
On 24 May 2023, Mediobanca’s Board of Directors approved its 2023-26 strategic plan “One 
Brand-One Culture” (the “Strategic Plan”) which lays the foundations for the consolidation of 
the unique Private & Investment Banking model and identifies a series of cross-divisional actions 
to help contribute towards a more sustainable future, in terms of reduction of impact on the 
environment, focus on inclusion and diversity, and support for the community. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the relevant plan objectives and strategic targets were generally confirmed. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW  
Description of Group’s divisions 
As provided in Article 3 of Mediobanca’s Articles of Association, Mediobanca’s purpose is to 
raise funds and provide credit in any of the forms permitted, especially medium and long-term 
credit to corporates. Within the limits laid down by current regulations, Mediobanca may 
execute all banking, financial and brokerage operations and services, and any other transaction 
deemed to be instrumental or otherwise related to the achievement of its corporate purpose.  
The Mediobanca Group’s operations are organised in the following divisions: 
 
Wealth Management (WM) – this division brings together all asset management 
activities provided to clients as indicated at page 53 of the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements as at 30 June 2024 of Mediobanca, incorporated by reference in this

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
Base Prospectus. 
 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB) – this division brings together all services 
provided to corporate clients as indicated at page 61 of the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements as at 30 June 2024 of Mediobanca, incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. It should be noted that in October 2023 Arma Partners has been fully 
consolidated into the Group's perimeter within the Wholesale Banking area starting from 
the second quarter of the 2023/2024 financial year.  
 
Consumer Finance (CF) – this division brings together all the activities described at 
page 68 of the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at 30 June 2024 of 
Mediobanca, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Insurance (INS) – this division administers the Group’s portfolio of equity investments 
and holdings, as indicated at page 72 of the audited consolidated annual financial 
statements as at 30 June 2024 of Mediobanca, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Holding Functions (HF) – this division brings together all the activities described at 
page 74 of the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at 30 June 2024 of 
Mediobanca, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
As at 30 June 2024, Mediobanca had a market capitalisation of approximately €11.4 billion. 
Principal categories of products sold and/or services provided 
Wealth Management 
Premier – Mediobanca Premier 
Mediobanca operates in wealth management with Premier clients through its subsidiary 
Mediobanca Premier (formerly CheBanca!) (“Mediobanca Premier”), which was launched in 
2008 and operative in Italy. 
Private, HNWIs & UHNWIs 
The product/service offering to Private Banking clients, HNWIs (High Net Worth Individuals) 
and UHNWIs (Ultra High Net Worth Individuals) is split between Mediobanca Private Banking, 
which operates on the Italian market, and CMB Monaco (“CMB”) which operates in the 
Principality of Monaco. 
MB Asset Management 
The product factories forming part of the Wealth Management include Polus Capital 
Management Group Limited, RAM Active Investments S.A. and Mediobanca SGR.  
This division also includes the fiduciary activity carried on by Spafid S.p.A. (Spafid Trust).  
For further information in relation to the Wealth Management segment, please refer to pages 53-
60 of the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at 30 June 2024 of Mediobanca, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Corporate & Investment Banking  
Wholesale banking 
Mediobanca seeks to provide its corporate clients with advisory services and financial services to 
help them grow and develop. 
The Wholesale Banking Division is divided into Client Business and Proprietary Trading. Client 
Business includes three different areas: Investment Banking, Debt Division, and Market 
Division.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
Client Business – Investment Banking 
˗ 
Corporate Finance 
Mediobanca is a leader in Italy and has an increasingly significant role at the European level in 
financial advisory services through its branch offices in London, Paris and Madrid, and through 
Messier & Associés and Arma Partners. A client-based approach is adopted, backed by indepth 
knowledge of the financial issues and a consolidated track record in executing deals. 
˗ 
Mid corporate 
The activity traditionally addressed to large corporates is accompanied by that aimed at mid 
corporates. This activity has been developed in collaboration with Private Banking and allows the 
bank to assist the Group's clients both in the management of their personal assets and in 
business consultancy. This activity, initially focused on the domestic market, is now in the 
process of expanding internationally, as envisaged in the “One Brand-One Culture” Strategic 
Plan. To this end, a new branch office was opened in Frankfurt in July 2024. 
˗ 
Messier & Associés 
Messier & Associés is now one of the three leading corporate finance boutiques in France, with 
clients at both national and international level, it specialises in M&A advisory services and in 
financial sponsors activity. The company also performs debt and capital advisory and debt 
restructuring activities. 
˗ 
Arma Partners 
Arma Partners is an independent financial advisory company based in London, and a European 
leader in the Digital Economy sector. The company is a partner of choice for large, listed 
companies and private equity funds operating in innovative sectors. 
˗ 
Equity capital markets 
Mediobanca is the Italian leader3 and has an important role internationally in structuring, co-
ordinating and executing equity capital markets transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, 
secondary offerings and ABOs, and bonds convertible into equity solutions (equity derivatives to 
manage investments and treasury shares). 
Client Business – Debt Division 
˗ 
Lending and Structured Finance 
The Financing teams operate in Italy and internationally through the branch offices located in 
Paris, London and Madrid. The main Lending & Structured Finance area products are, 
respectively: (i) bilateral loans, club deals and syndicated loans; and (ii) financial support to 
corporate counterparties and institutional investors as part of leveraged transactions to acquire 
stakes in listed and unlisted companies. Mediobanca International’s business is mainly focused 
in this area. 
˗ 
Debt Capital Markets 
The debt capital market team manages the origination, structuring, execution and placement of 
bond issues (corporates and financials), covered bonds, and securitisations, seeking to meet its 
clients’ needs for financing.  
Client Business – Market Division 
Mediobanca operates on the secondary markets, trading equities and fixed-income securities, 
                                                             
3 Source: base on internal evaluation.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
foreign exchange products and credit risk, interest rate and exchange rate derivatives. The 
division’s activities are divided into the following areas: (i) CMS; (ii) Equity derivatives 
institutional marketing; and (iii) MB Securities.  
Proprietary Trading 
Proprietary trading is carried out by two units: (i) Trading portfolio (HFT Credit, HFT Fixed 
income, xVA, Global Macro); and (ii) Equity & Derivatives Trading. 
Specialty Finance 
Specialty Finance activities include managing and financing credit and working capital. 
Factoring activities are managed by MBFACTA and credit management operations by MBCredit 
Solutions.  
For further information in relation to the Corporate and Investment Banking segment, please 
refer to pages 61-67 of the consolidated annual financial statements as at 30 June 2024 of 
Mediobanca, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Consumer Finance  
Mediobanca has been operating in the consumer credit sector since the 1960s through its 
subsidiary Compass. In addition to the traditional consumer credit activity carried on through 
the physical channels, in recent years Compass has also been strengthening its digital channels 
by pursuing significant growth in the “Buy Now Pay Later” or “BNPL” sector in particular, 
achieved among other things with the acquisition of HeidiPay, a Swiss-based fintech company 
that has been operating since 2021 which has brought agreements with distributors and luxury 
brands, and also, with effect from 31 January 2024, with the merger of Soisy, another fintech 
company operating in Italy, and characterised by a know-how in offering loans aimed at 
purchasing goods and services on e-commerce platforms. The expansion and diversification of 
the customer base through this channel will make it possible to cross-sell Compass products to 
younger target clients that are oriented towards online purchases. The acquisition of HeidiPay 
has also enabled a geographical diversification activity, to be launched, starting with the Swiss 
market.  
For further information in relation to the Consumer Finance segment, please refer to pages 68-
71 of the consolidated annual financial statements as at 30 June 2024 of Mediobanca, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Insurance 
The Insurance division consists primarily of the Bank’s investment in Assicurazioni Generali, 
which is consolidated using the equity method. 
Company 
Sector 
% of share capital 
Book value as at 30/06/24 
€m 
Assicurazioni Generali  
Insurance 
13.17% 
3,698 
 
The division includes the Group’s investments in funds and SPVs and/or managed by the 
Group’s asset management companies (seed capital) based on an approach that combines mid-
term profitability for the Group with synergies between the divisions, as well as investment 
activity in private equity funds managed by third parties. For further information on the 
Insurance division, reference is made to pp. 72-73 of the consolidated financial statements for 
the twelve months ended 30 June 2024.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Holding Functions 
Leasing 
Mediobanca owns a direct 60% stake in SelmaBipiemme Leasing, with the other 40% held by 
Banco BPM S.p.A.. The group operates in financial leasing.  
Treasury 
The Group’s Treasury and ALM units are centralised at parent company level with the objective 
of optimising funding and liquidity management. The Group Funding unit is responsible for the 
Group’s funding. With regard to the issuance of securities, the Group Funding Unit is 
responsible for structuring, issuing and placing debt products, the proceeds from which are used 
to finance the Bank’s activities. Funding operations take the form primarily of the issuance of 
securities. Securities are placed with retail investors through public offerings implemented via 
the Wealth Management division companies’ proprietary network or third-party banking 
networks and via direct sales on the regulated market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (Euronext Milan) 
named MOT (Mercato Obbligazionario Telematico). Demand from institutional investors is met 
via public offerings of securities on the Euromarket and by private placements of bespoke 
products tailored to meet the investor’s specific requirements.  
For further information in relation to the Holding Functions segment, please refer to pages 74-75 
of the consolidated annual financial statements as at 30 June 2024 of Mediobanca, incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
For the main data relating to the Group companies which have not been previously indicated, 
please refer to pages 76-78 of the consolidated annual financial statements as at 30 June 2024 of 
Mediobanca, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Principal Markets 
The Mediobanca Group’s activities are principally focused on the domestic market (from a 
geographical standpoint Italy accounts for approximately 80% of the Group’s loan book). In 
particular:  
 
Wealth Management (WM) – this division’s activity is focused primarily on the Italian 
market, with the exception of CMB (which operates in the Principality of Monaco), RAM 
AI (which operates throughout Europe from its headquarters in Switzerland), and Polus 
Capital (which operates in the United Kingdom and in the United States) and employs 
2,259 staff, with approximately 1,306 financial advisors/relationship managers and 209 
branches/financial shops; 
 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB) – in WB, half the revenues and loan book is 
originated by the Italian market, the other half by other countries (notably France, Spain 
and the United Kingdom); while Specialty Finance activities are focused on the domestic 
Italian market. As at 30 June 2024, the division employs 732 staff (including the staff of 
Arma Partners), around 250 of whom are based outside Italy; 
 
Consumer Finance (CF) – this activity is addressed primarily to the Italian market, and 
employs 1,563 staff working from 327 branches/agencies as at 30 June 2024; recently, in 
its attempts to strengthen the digital channels, Compass has launched HeyLight, a new 
international BNPL platform, which will enable Compass to grow in Switzerland as well, 
through commercial agreements with distributors, luxury brands and technology 
operators;  
 
Leasing activities primarily target the domestic market . 
Mediobanca is currently authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) in 
the United Kingdom (UK) to provide investment services both from its London branch and on a 
cross-border basis into the UK. As at 30 June 2024 the total number of staff employed by the 
London branch is 72.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
As far as regards UK-based Group company Polus Capital Management Group Limited 
(“Polus”), the company has delegated management of its funds to an Ireland-based fund 
manager (Carne Global Fund Managers Ireland Limited), which in turn has sub-delegated 
management back to Polus itself. Polus will therefore continue to handle the investment 
strategies and portfolio management for the funds. The marketing activity for the funds, though, 
will be performed by a company in the process of being set up to be owned by Polus. 
The Strategic Plan  
Mediobanca is committed to executing its new 2023-26 Strategic Plan One Brand – One Culture. 
The Strategic Plan outlines the Mediobanca Group's strategy to consolidate its Private and 
Investment Banking model, which combines a market leader CIB platform with a rapidly-
growing Wealth Management platform, while also leveraging on the other businesses as well.  
The Group aims to be:  
 
the reference bank for clients looking for the ability to structure complex, high value-
added deals, which Mediobanca is able to close because of its differentiating features: its 
high-quality people, culture, and responsible approach;  
 
a counterparty with an acknowledged reputation, solid and reliable, able to unlock value 
from the talent and distinctive characteristics of its human capital;  
 
a distinctive investment opportunity for our shareholders, concentrated on low-risk and 
capital-light growth, and outperforming the sector in terms of stakeholder remuneration.  
The Strategic Plan sets targets in terms of growth in revenues, EPS, profitability, and 
shareholder remuneration. Selective growth in profitable assets will enable the Bank to preserve 
an adequate risk/return profile, and stable RWAs due to a change in the capital management 
policy. Significant investment in distribution channels for all business segments (sales force in 
Wealth Management to grow by 25%, investment banking to grow in the advisory and capital 
markets areas; and further growth in digital channels), plus ongoing scouting of opportunities to 
grow via acquisitions.  
Since Mediobanca’s foundation, a responsible approach to banking based on a long-term 
perspective has been part of its DNA, an approach which fits well with the Environmental, Social 
and Governance (ESG strategy), which is integrated into the Group's business plan with the 
objective of creating value over the long term for all stakeholders. The financial and non-
financial commitments undertaken by the Group in this area have been translated into 
qualitative and quantitative targets that are measurable over time, and integrated into the 
evaluation programmes for the entire corporate population and for senior management.  
The targets referred to are subdivided further according to the relevant divisions. In particular, 
Wealth Management is aiming to take the share of ESG products (SFDR Article 8-9 funds) 
represented in client portfolios to over 50%, to increase the Group's own manufacture of ESG 
funds (with nine new funds to be added in the course of the Strategic Plan), and new green 
mortgages to reach 19% of the new total new business. The Corporate and Investment Banking 
division has set up an advisory team focused on energy transition, which in FY 2023-24 has 
already impacted positively on multiple climate-related transactions in line with the Strategic 
Plan targets (50% of bonds originated and 40% of new loans have ESG characteristics). 
Consumer Finance aims to increase its ESG loans at a CAGR of 15%. The Insurance division aims 
to improve the Group's stability and visibility. The Holding Functions division aims to issue at 
least two Sustainability bonds. The first of these has already been issued, in September 2023 (the 
€500m Sustainability SNP).  
Sustainability 
Growth and sustainability are features of Mediobanca’s DNA. The Group’s strategy is based on 
the conviction that ethics and profit are not necessarily in opposition to each other, because 
long-term economic growth has to go hand-in-hand with social and environmental progress. 
In order to promote a culture geared towards business ethics, integrity and sustainability, the 
Group has adopted a Code of Ethics and a Code of Conduct which define the basic principles to

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
help defend its reputation, and set out the values on which its daily operations are based, as 
described in more detail in Section 4.1 Policies and initiatives to prevent and tackle corruption. 
To consolidate this approach, Mediobanca has also adopted a Group Sustainability Policy, 
approved by the Board of Directors on 26 March 2020 and updated in February 2024, with the 
objective of governing its direct impacts, identifying roles and responsibilities, and sustainability 
issues considered to be priority for integration into management of the business, in accordance 
with the Code of Ethics, the Code of Conduct, the Organizational Model instituted pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree 231/01, and all the other policies, guidelines, procedures, directives 
and related provisions. 
The Policy is divided into five sections based on areas considered to be priorities: the four areas 
originally included (i.e. measures to tackle bribery and corruption; human rights; diversity, 
equity and inclusion; and climate change and the environment) have been complemented by a 
fifth, financial health and inclusion, which is particularly important for Compass, to promote 
inclusion among the more vulnerable elements of the population and ensure that they do not 
remain on the margins of the credit system. The Policy is based on the principal reference 
declarations and regulations, including: the Universal Declaration of Rights, the ILO’s 
Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, and the Rio Declaration on the 
Environment and Development. It applies to the whole Group in the countries where 
Mediobanca operates, and the Group also encourages its customers and suppliers to adopt the 
Policy’s principles and provisions. 
In line with the “toDEI” roadmap (i.e., a diversity, equity and inclusion project launched by the 
Issuer in 2022), which sets out the Group’s objectives in the area of diversity and inclusion, in 
May 2023 the Mediobanca Group Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Code was adopted, with the 
aim of promoting an inclusive corporate culture, in which diversity and equity are defended, 
without any form of discrimination, including in external relations. 
To ensure the Group’s indirect social and environmental impacts are governed properly, in July 
2021 the Board of Directors of approved a Group ESG Policy, updated in May 2024, defining the 
reference principles and the positive and negative screening criteria applicable to lending, 
proprietary investing and investment advisory services to clients, as described in more detail in 
section 6.1.6 Responsible business. 
In defining the Policy, reference was made to internationally recognized principles, such as the 
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the ten principles of the UN Global Compact, and the 
United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). 
The Mediobanca Group is committed to disclosing its policies and commitments transparently, 
both externally through the official website, and internally, through the company internet and 
through numerous training and information programmes. The latter include: the mandatory 
training course on Sustainability and Human Rights, explaining the implications that 
sustainability has for the financial sector, and the activities related to the Group Diversity, Equity 
and Inclusion Code. Various other initiatives have also been run to provide greater focus on ESG 
issues, as described in more detail in Section 5.5 Professional training and development. 
To ensure that sustainability is more firmly integrated into the company’s operations, the Group 
has included new ESG objectives, qualitative and quantitative, in the 2023-26 Strategic Plan 
“One Brand, One Culture”, and included them also in the staff evaluation and remuneration 
policies for the corporate population. For further details on these targets, virtually all of which 
are in line with the targets, reference is made to Section 9. Objectives and future commitments; 
for further details on how company policies are integrated into the business, reference is made to 
the initial discussion of the individual chapters of this document. 
To further consolidate its contribution to growth which is responsible and sustainable, the Group 
also participates in various international associations and initiatives whose objectives it shares: 
United Nations Global Compact 
United Nations initiative to get businesses and 
firms worldwide to adopt sustainable and

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
socially responsible policies and to report on 
their implementation. The Group is a member 
of the Global Compact and is also a participant 
in the Global Compact Italian Network 
Principles 
for 
Responsible 
Banking 
(PRB) 
The Mediobanca Group signed up to the PRB 
in April 2021. The PRB were launched by the 
United Nations in 2019, and have the aim of 
incentivizing banks to set objectives for 
sustainable growth aligned with those of the 
UN 2030 Agenda and the Paris Agreement. 
Principles for Responsible Investment 
(PRI) 
Mediobanca SGR, RAM AI and Polus Capital 
Management have all signed up to the PRI, a 
United 
Nations-supported 
international 
network 
to 
promote 
sustainable 
and 
responsible 
investment 
by 
institutional 
investors, 
by 
integrating 
sustainability 
considerations into investment decisions and 
shareholder activism. 
Net-Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA) 
The NZBA is an alliance set up by the United 
Nations Environment Programme Finance 
Initiative (UNEP FI), with the objective of 
aligning loan and investment portfolios with 
the target of achieving net zero emissions by 
2050 in line with the Paris Agreement. 
Net Zero Asset Managers Initiative 
(NZAMI) 
Initiative, to which the Group is a signatory via 
RAM, which brings together an international 
group 
of 
asset 
managers 
committed 
to 
supporting the goal of net zero greenhouse gas 
emissions by 2050 or sooner, in line with 
global efforts to limit warming to 1.5 degrees 
Celsius. 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosure (TCFD) 
In April 2022 Mediobanca adhered to the 
recommendations made by the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosure set up by 
the Financial Stability Board (FSB), to disclose 
and transparently represent information on its 
own environmental impact through the TCFD 
Report. 
Valore D 
Mediobanca is a participant in Valore D, the 
first Italian association of large businesses set 
up to support diversity and women in 
leadership. 
 
For further details on relations with sector associations, reference is made to Section 7.2 Entities 
and public institutions. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Mediobanca is the parent company of the Mediobanca Banking Group. The Mediobanca Group 
is registered as a banking group in the register instituted by the Bank of Italy.  
The following diagram illustrates the structure of the Mediobanca Group as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 87 ---
87
WEALTH MANAGEMENT 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
CONSUMER BANKING 
Affluent & Premier 
100% MBFACTA 
100% MEDIOBANCA 
MANAGEMENT Co. 
100% MB SECURITIES USA 
93.05% RAM ACTIVE 
INVESTMENTS 
100% MEDIOBANCA SGR 
Private Banking 
100% MEDIOBANCA 
PREMIER 
_90% MEDIOBANCA COVERED 
100% CMB MONACO 
_99.89% CMG MONACO 
_60% CMB REAL ESTATE 
DEVELOPMENT SAM 
100% SPAFID 
_100% SPAFID TRUST 
62.45% POLUS CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENT GROUP LTD 
_100% POLUS CAPITAL 
   MANAGEMENT LTD 
_100% POLUS CAPITAL   
MANAGEMENT (US) INC 
_100% BYBROOK CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENT LTD 
_100% Bybrook Capital   Burton 
Partnership LTD (GP) 
99% MEDIOBANCA 
INTERNATIONAL 
_100% MEDIOBANCA 
INTERNATIONAL IMMOBILIERE 
82.44% MESSIER & 
 ASSOCIES 
_50% MESSIER & ASSOCIATES 
(USA) 
100% MBCREDIT  
SOLUTIONS 
_100% MBCONTACT 
SOLUTIONS
(*)
100% ARMA PARTNERS  
LLP 
_100% ARMA PARTNERS 
CORPORATE FINANCE LIMITED 
_100% ARMA DEUTSCHLAND 
GMBH 
100% COMPASS BANCA 
_100% COMPASS LINK 
_100% COMPASS RE
(*) 
_100% COMPASS RENT
(*) 
_100% HEYLIGHT AG (HEYLIGHT 
SA) 
_90% QUARZO 
Member of Mediobanca Banking Group 
Wholly-owned 100% COMPASS BANCA 
Not member of Mediobanca Banking Group 
(*) 
MEDIOBANCA 
_100% MB FUNDING LUX 
_99.99% MEDIOBANCA INNOVATION SERVICES 
_60% SELMABIPIEMME LEASING 
_50% MB SPEEDUP LIMITED

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
SUBSIDIARIES AND MAIN INVESTEE COMPANIES 
A list of the main Group companies included in the area of consolidation for the consolidated 
financial statements as at the date of this Base Prospectus is shown below: 
Group Legal Entity 
Company:  
Registered office 
% 
shareholding  
Type 
of 
investment 
COMPASS Banca S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
MEDIOBANCA PREMIER S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
SELMAPBIPIEMME S.p.A. 
Italy 
60% 
(dir) 
CMB Monaco S.A. 
Principality 
of 
Monaco 
99.998% 
(dir) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) 
S.A.* 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir) 
SPAFID S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
SPAFID TRUST S.r.l. 
Italy 
100%4 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA SECURITIES USA LLC 
UNITED STATES 
100% 
(dir) 
MEDIOBANCA SGR S.p.A. 
Italy 
100%  
(dir) 
MEDIOBANCA MANAGEMENT COMPANY S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir) 
MBCREDIT SOLUTIONS S.p.A. 
Italy 
100%5 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA INNOVATION SERVICES S.c.p.A 
Italy 
99.99% 
(dir) 
MBFACTA S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
QUARZO S.r.l. 
Italy 
90%2 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA COVERED BOND. R.l. 
Italy 
90%6 
(indir) 
CMG MONACO S.A.M. 
Principality 
of 
Monaco 
99.897 
(indir) 
COMPASS RE S.A.** 
Luxembourg 
100%2 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL IMMOBILIERE 
S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100%8 
(indir) 
POLUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT GROUP Ltd 
United Kingdom 
62.45%*** 
(dir) 
POLUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Ltd 
United Kingdom 
62.45%*** 
(indir) 
POLUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (US) INC.  
UNITED STATES 
62.45%9*** 
(indir) 
POLUS 
CAPITAL 
INVESTMENTS 
Ltd 
(not 
operative) 
United Kingdom 
62.45%6*** 
(indir) 
POLUS INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT Ltd (not 
operative) 
United Kingdom 
62.45%6*** 
(indir) 
MB FUNDING LUX S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir) 
RAM ACTIVE INVESTMENTS S.A. 
Switzerland 
93%**** 
(dir) 
MESSIER & ASSOCIES S.A.S. 
France 
82.44%***** 
(dir) 
MESSIER & ASSOCIES LLC 
UNITED STATES 
50%710***** 
(indir) 
MBCONTACT SOLUTIONS S.r.l.**  
Italy 
100%11 
(indir) 
COMPASS RENT S.r.l.** 
Italy 
100%2 
(indir) 
COMPASS LINK s.r.l. 
Italy 
100%2 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Ltd. 
Grand Cayman  
62.45%6 
(indir) 
BYBROOK CAPITAL BURTON PARTNERSHIP (GP) 
Ltd 
Grand Cayman 
62.45%12 
(indir) 
CMB REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT S.A.M. 
Principality 
of 
Monaco 
100%13 
(dir/indir) 
ARMA PARTNERS LLP  
United Kingdom 
100%14 
(dir) 
ARMA 
PARTNERS 
CORPORATE 
FINANCE 
United Kingdom 
100% 
(indir) 
                                                             
4 Investment held by Spafid S.p.A. 
5 Investment held by Compass Banca S.p.A. 
6 Investment held by Mediobanca Premier S.p.A. 
7 Investment held by CMB S.A. 
8 Investment held by Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
9 Investment held by Polus Capital Management Group Ltd. 
10 Investment held by Messier & Associes S.A.S. 
11 Investment held by MBCredit Solutions S.p.A. 
12 Investment held by Bybrook Capital Management Ltd. 
13 Investment held as to 60% by CMB Monaco and as to 40% by Mediobanca 
14 100% of class “A” shares 
* Of which 1% owned by Compass. 
**These companies do not form part of the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
***Consolidated percentage rises to 89.07% including the put-and-call options taken out in conjunction with the acquisition. 
****Consolidated percentage rises to 98.3% including the put-and-call options taken out in conjunction with the acquisition. 
****Consolidated percentage rises to 100% including the put-and-call options taken out in conjunction with the acquisition.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
LIMITED 
ARMA DEUTSCHLAND GMBH 
Germany 
100% 
(indir) 
MB SPEEDUP 
Regno Unito  
50% 
(dir) 
HEYLIGHT AG 
Svizzera 
100%2 
(ind.) 
 
 
BODIES RESPONSIBLE FOR GOVERNANCE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISION OF MEDIOBANCA 
Information on bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision 
Information on the Bank’s bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision is 
provided below, as updated following the Annual General Meeting held on 28 October 2024. 
Changes in the composition of the governing bodies and other information related to them are 
published 
from 
time 
to 
time 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
in 
the 
relevant 
section 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/index.html, without prejudice to the 
obligations set out under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Board of Directors  
As at 28 October 2024, the Board of Directors, appointed on 28 October 2023 for the 2024, 2025 
and 2026 financial years until the date on which the financial statements as at 30 June 2026 will 
be approved, is made up of fifteen members, twelve of whom qualify as independent under 
Article 148, paragraph 3 of Italian Legislative Decree 58/98 and Article 13 of Italian Ministerial 
Decree 169/2020, as supplemented by Article 19 of Mediobanca’s Articles of Association. Its 
composition also reflects the legal requirements in terms of gender balance. 
Composition of Board of Directors 
Name 
Post held 
Place and 
date  
of birth 
Term of 
office 
expires 
Independe
nce 
Principal activities 
performed outside 
the Issuer 
Renato Pagliaro  Chairman  
Milan, 
20/2/57 
28/10/26 
 
- 
Alberto Nagel 
1 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer  
Milan, 7/6/65 
28/10/26 
 
- 
Francesco 
Saverio Vinci 
1 
Group 
General 
Manager  
Milan, 
10/11/62 
28/10/26 
 
- 
Mana Abedi* 
Director 
Tehran, (Iran), 
6/11/68 
28/10/2026 
a) 
b) 
- 
Virginie Banet  
Director 
Neuilly 
sur 
Seine, France, 
18/1/66 
28/10/2026 
a) 
b) 
Chair, IOLITE FINANCIAL 
CONSULTING 
Director, LAGARDÈRE 
Laura Cioli* 
Director 
Macerata, 
10/7/63 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer, 
SIRTI 
Director, SOFINA

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Name 
Post held 
Place and 
date  
of birth 
Term of 
office 
expires 
Independe
nce 
Principal activities 
performed outside 
the Issuer 
Angela Gamba 
Director 
and 
Lead 
Indipendent 
Director 
Palazzolo 
sull’Oglio 
(Brescia), 
15/8/70 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
Director, EDISON 
Director, 
FPS 
INVESTMENTS S.R.L. 
FPS ALTERNATIVES S.R.L. 
(representative-at-law) 
2) 
Marco 
Giorgino* 
Director 
Bari, 11/12/69 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
Director, TERNA 
Director, 
REAL 
STEP 
SICAF 
Valérie 
Hortefeux* 
Director 
Aulnay 
(France), 
14/12/67 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
Director, SOCFINASIA 
Director, COMPAGNIE DE 
L’ODET 
Maximo Ibarra* Director  
Calì 
(Colombia), 
13/12/68 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
Chief Executive Officer, 
ENGINEERING 
INGEGNERIA 
INFORMATICA 
Chairman 
and 
CEO, 
ENGINEERING D HUB 
E CYBERTECH 
Chairman, BE SHAPING 
THE 
FUTURE, 
MANAGEMENT 
CONSULTING  
Chairman, 
OVERLORD 
BIDCO 
Sandro Panizza 
Director 
Monclassico 
(Trento), 
2/7/58 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
- 
Laura Penna 
Director 
Lecco, 
26/12/65 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
Director, 
COMPASS 
BANCA 
Vittorio 
Pignatti-
Morano 
Director 
and 
Deputy Chair 
Rome, 
14/09/57 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
Director, 
TRILANTIC 
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
GP  
Director, 
TRILANTIC 
CAPITAL 
PARTNERS 
MANAGEMENT  
Director, 
TRILANTIC 
CAPITAL PARTNERS V 
MANAGEMENT  
Director, OCEAN RING 
JERSEY CO  
Director, OCEAN TRADE 
LUX CO 
Director, EDIZIONE 
Chairman, ALETE BIKES 
S.P.A. 
Sabrina Pucci 
Director 
and 
Deputy Chair 
Rome, 
30/08/67 
28/10/26 
a) 
b) 
- 
Angel Vilà Boix  Director  
Barcelona, 
(Spain), 
28/10/26 
a) 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer, 
TELEFÓNICA S. A.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
Name 
Post held 
Place and 
date  
of birth 
Term of 
office 
expires 
Independe
nce 
Principal activities 
performed outside 
the Issuer 
29/07/64 
b) 
Director, VIRGIN MEDIA 
O2 LTD 
 
1 Member of Mediobanca senior management. 
2 Appointed by parent company FPS INVESTMENTS S.R.L. 
a) Qualifies as independent pursuant to Article 19 of the company’s Articles of Association. 
b) Qualifies as independent pursuant to Article 148, para. 3 of the Italian Finance Act. 
 
All Board members are in possession of the requisites to hold such office set by the regulations in 
force at the time. 
The address for all members of the Board of Directors for the duties they discharge is Piazzetta 
E. Cuccia 1, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
Statutory Audit Committee 
As at 28 October 2024, the Statutory Audit Committee, appointed on 28 October 2023 for the 
2024, 2025 and 2026 financial years until the date on which the financial statements as at 30 
June 2026 will be approved, is made up of three Standing Auditors and three Alternate Auditors. 
Composition of Statutory Audit Committee: 
Post held  
Name  
Place and date 
of birth 
Term of 
office 
expires 
Principal activities 
performed outside the 
Issuer 
Chairman 
Mario 
Matteo 
Busso 
Turin, 1/3/52 
28/10/26 
Chairman of Statutory Audit 
Committee, TERNA, and sole 
Statutory Auditor of TERNA 
PLUS 
Standing Auditor, AVIO 
Standing Auditor, TEMIS 
Director, CUBE LAB  
Standing Auditor 
Elena 
Pagnoni 
Colleferro (Rome), 
10/05/63 
28/10/26 
Standing Auditor, ITS Controlli 
Tecnici 
Chairman of Statutory Audit 
Committee, 
DIGITAL 
TECHNOLOGIES 
SOCIETÀ 
BENEFIT 
Standing 
Auditor, 
ENGIE 
ITALIA  
Standing Auditor 
Ambrogio 
Virgilio 
Bari, 5/1/56 
28/10/26 
 
Alternate Auditor 
Angelo 
Rocco 
Bonissoni 
Bollate 
(Milan), 
13/4/59 
28/10/26 
Standing Auditor, Telecom Italia 
Alternate Auditor 
Vieri 
Chimenti 
Florence, 
23/10/66 
28/10/26 
Chairman of Statutory Audit 
Committee, APRILE 
Chairman of Statutory Audit 
Committee, 
COPERNICO

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Post held  
Name  
Place and date 
of birth 
Term of 
office 
expires 
Principal activities 
performed outside the 
Issuer 
HOLDING 
Chairman of Statutory Audit 
Committee, EASY-TRIP 
Chairman of Statutory Audit 
Committee, CENTRALE RISK 
Chairman of Statutory Audit 
Committee, HALLDIS 
Chairman of Statutory Audit 
Committee, 
MARIA 
FITTIPALDI 
MENARINI 
HOLDING 
Director, ASTARIS 
Standing 
Auditor, 
COMMERCIAL 
DEPARTMENT CONTAINERS 
Standing Auditor, EL GADYR 
Standing 
Auditor, 
ELITE 
FIRENZE GESTIONI 
Standing 
Auditor, 
IMMOBILIARE TOBOR  
Alternate Auditor 
Anna Rita de 
Mauro 
Foggia, 24/01/70 
28/10/26 
Chairperson of Statutory Audit 
Committee, 
MADRE 
HOLDING 
Chairperson of Statutory Audit 
Committee, 
NEDCOMUNITY 
VALUE 
Standing Auditor, E-GEOS 
Standing Auditor, TRECCANI 
RETI 
Standing 
Auditor, 
ACEA 
MOLISE 
 
All Statutory Audit Committee members are in possession of the requisites to hold such office by 
law, in terms of fitness, professional qualifications and independence; and are all registered as 
auditors in the list instituted by the Italian Ministry for the Economy and Finances (“MEF”) 
with the exception of Elena Pagnoni who is registered as a lawyer with the Register of Lawyers of 
Rome. 
The address for all members of the Statutory Audit Committee for the duties they discharge is 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
Conflicts of interest among bodies responsible for governance, management and 
supervision  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus and to Mediobanca’s knowledge, with regard to the 
members of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Audit Committee, there are no potential 
conflicts of interest between their obligations arising out of their duties to Mediobanca or the 
Group and their private interests and/or other duties. In Mediobanca any conflict of interest is 
managed in accordance with the applicable procedures and in strict compliance with existing 
laws and regulations. In particular, a ban was instituted pursuant to Article 36 of Italian Law 
Decree 201/11, as converted into Italian Law No. 214/11, on representatives of banks, insurers 
and financial companies from holding positions in companies which operate in the same sectors. 
Each year the Board of Directors assesses the positions of the individual directors, which may 
have changed as a result of changes in the activities or size of the other companies in which they

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
hold posts. To this end, each director, including in order to avoid potential conflict of interest, 
shall inform the Board of any changes in the positions assumed by them in the course of their 
term of office. 
Mediobanca also adopts the procedure recommended under Article 136 of the Italian Banking 
Act for approval of transactions involving individuals who perform duties of management and 
control in other companies controlled by such parties. 
Members of the bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision are also 
required to comply, inter alia, with the following provisions: 
 
Article 53 of the Italian Banking Act and implementing regulations enacted by the Bank of 
Italy, in particular the supervisory provisions on links with related parties; 
 
Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code (Directors’ Interests); 
 
Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code (Transactions with Related Parties) and the 
Consob implementing regulations, in particular the Regulations on Transactions with 
Related Parties approved under resolution no. 17221 of 12 March 2010. 
Mediobanca and its governing bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to ensure 
compliance with the provisions referred to above. 
MAIN SHAREHOLDERS 
Information on ownership structure 
No party controls Mediobanca according to the definition provided in Article 93 of the Italian 
Banking Act. 
As at 28 October 2024, based on the shareholders’ register and publicly available information, 
the following individuals and entities own directly or indirectly financial instruments 
representing share capital with voting rights in excess of 3% of the company’s share capital, 
directly or indirectly, are listed below:  
 
Shareholder 
No. of shares (millions) 
% of share capital(1) 
1 
Delfin S.à r.l.  
165.01 
19.81 
2 
F.G. Caltagirone group 
63.8 
7.66 
3 
BlackRock group(1) 
35.2 
4.23 
4 
Mediolanum group 
29.1 
3.49 
 
(1) BlackRock Inc. (NY), via fifteen asset management subsidiaries (cf. form 120 b of 6 August 2020), of 
which 0.69% as potential investment and 0.13% in other long positions with settlement in cash. 
 
For completeness, Mediobanca holds owns shares for an amount equal to approximately 1 % of its share 
capital.  
Updates relating to information on the main shareholders are published from time to time on Mediobanca's 
website www.mediobanca.com in the relevant section https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-
governance/main-shareholders/main-shareholders.html without prejudice to the obligations set forth in 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation regarding the possible drafting of a supplement.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Consultation Agreement  
On 1 January 2019, certain shareholders (representing 11.40% of the share capital)15 entered into 
a consultation agreement (the “Consultation Agreement”) with no right of veto or voting 
restrictions in respect of the shares involved. The parties to the Consultation Agreement have 
confirmed their shared interest in the Group’s growth, with a view to ensuring unity 
management in accordance with its traditions of autonomy and independence. The Consultation 
Agreement regulates the means by which the parties meet to discuss observations and 
considerations regarding the Group’s performance, in a situation of parity of information with 
respect to the market. The Consultation Agreement expires on 31 December 2024 and is 
automatically renewed for three-year periods among participants who have not given at least 
three months’ notice of their intention to withdraw from the Consultation Agreement ahead of 
the original expiry or extension date.  
The Consultation Agreement is filed with the Companies’ Register of Milano-Monza-Brianza-
Lodi and an excerpt from it may be found on the Mediobanca’s website in the relevant section at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/main-shareholders/shareholder-
consultation-agreement.html. 
Agreements the performance of which may result in a change of control 
subsequent to the date hereof 
Mediobanca is not aware of any agreements aimed at bringing about future changes regarding 
the ownership structure of Mediobanca. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Independent auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements  
At the annual general meeting held on 28 October 2020, the shareholders of Mediobanca 
appointed EY S.p.A. to audit Mediobanca’s separate and consolidated full-year and interim 
financial statements from and including the financial year ending 30 June 2022 up to and 
including the financial year ending 30 June 2030.  
EY S.p.A. is an independent public accounting firm registered under no. 70945 in the Register of 
Accountancy Auditors (Registro Revisori Contabili) held by the Italian Ministry for Economy and 
Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree 
No. 145 of 20 June 2012. EY S.p.A. is also a member of the ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale 
Revisori Contabili, being the Italian Auditors Association. The business address of EY S.p.A. is 
Via Meravigli 12, 20123 Milan, Italy.  
EY S.p.A. has audited the separate and consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca and the 
Group as at 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023. 
Information regarding resignations, dismissals or failures to renew the 
appointment of the independent auditors responsible for auditing the financial 
statements  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no information about any resignation, revocation or 
non-renewal of the engagement of the independent auditors responsible for auditing the 
financial statements.  
 LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the proceedings involving Mediobanca and its 
consolidated subsidiaries may have, or have had in the recent past, a material impact on the 
                                                             
15 Mediolanum, FIN.PRIV., Monge & C., Gavio group, Ferrero group, Pecci group, Finprog Italia (Doris), Lucchini 
Group, Fin.Fer. (Pittini), PLT Holding Srl, Valsabbia Investimenti S.p.A., Vittoria Assicurazioni, Mais (Seragnoli), 
Romano Minozzi

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Group’s financial position or profitability, and as far as Mediobanca is aware, no litigation, 
arbitration or administrative proceedings which may have such material impact has either been 
announced or is pending.  
As at 30 June 2024, the heading “Other provisions” totalled €137.7 million with commitments 
and guarantees down (from €21.6 million to €20.8 million). The reduction from €110.7 million 
to €99.4 million in the provisions for risks and charges to cover legal and tax risks is attributable 
to developments in the legal/tax disputes outstanding. The component attributable to staff 
expenses, most of which last year consisted in provisions to launch an early retirement and staff 
turnover programme, decreased from €28.2 million to €16.9 million. The stock as at end-June 
2024 was made up as follows: Mediobanca €51.8 million (€ 67.3 million), Mediobanca Premier 
€30.9 million (€32 million), Compass €19.9 million (€29 million), SelmaBipiemme Leasing € 
7.3 million (€ 6.1 million), CMB Monaco €2.6 million (€ 2.2 million), other Group legal entities 
€3.7 million (€2.3 million).  
It is believed that the provision for risks and charges as at 30 June 2024 is sufficient to cover any 
charges relating to the cases that have been brought against Mediobanca and the other Group 
legal entities and to cover other contingent liabilities.  
A description of the main tax disputes and litigation pending is provided below, purely for 
information purposes:  
Litigation pending and tax disputes  
 
Civil Proceedings - Claim for damages  
Among the most significant legal proceedings still pending against Mediobanca there is 
the following should be noted: 
 
in relation to the effects of the so-called “Lexitor” ruling of the Court of Justice of 
the European Union, the Italian Constitutional Court, under a ruling dated 22 
December 2022, stated that Article 11-octies, paragraph 2, of the Italian 
government’s Sostegni Bis Decree (subsequently replaced by Article 27 of Italian 
Law Decree No. 104 of 10 August 2023, as converted by Article 1(1) of Italian Law 
No. 136 of 9 October 2023) was partially unconstitutional. As a result of this ruling 
by the Constitutional Court, consumers will be entitled to a pro rata reduction of all 
costs incurred in relation to consumer credit agreements, even if they were entered 
into prior to 25 July 2021, without prejudice to the statute of limitation provided for 
by law (10 years). Mediobanca continued to reimburse upfront charges upon 
written request from the customers, also when managing out-of-court and judicial 
disputes, using the risk provisions set aside in previous years to cover this 
contingent liability. This provision, which amounted to €13.2 million at 30 June 
2023, stood at €10.2 million at 30 June 2024; 
 
with regard to disputes relating to the hiring of bankers and financial advisors and 
relating to the indemnification policy, the current provision is equal to €15.6 
million. 
 
Tax – Administrative proceedings  
With regard to the dispute pending with the tax authorities, it should note that there were 
no significant changes with respect to the previous year: 
 
with reference to the alleged non-application of transparency taxation (tassazione 
per trasparenza), provided for by the Controlled Foreign Company (CFC) 
regulations, of the income produced by CMB Monaco and CMG Monaco for the 
financial years 2013, 2014 and 2015 (total income of €53.7 million, plus penalties 
and interest) three disputes are pending with the Italian revenue authority, all at 
different stages of the ruling process. In detail, in the dispute relating to the 
financial year 2013/2014 (with regard to the 2013 profits, tax of €21.3 million plus 
penalties and interest) and in the combined disputes relating to financial years

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
2014/2015 and 2015/2016 (respectively 2014 and 2015 profits for a total of tax of 
€32.5 million, plus penalties and interest), the Bank won the first and second 
instances of judgement. With regard to the first year, a hearing before the Supreme 
Court is pending; with regard to the combined years, on 18 June 2024, the Italian 
Revenue Agency notified an appeal before the Court of Cassation, against which 
Mediobanca filed a counter-appeal on 12 July 2024; 
 
with reference to the alleged failure to apply withholding taxes by Mediobanca on 
interest expense paid in the contest of a secured financing transaction between the 
financial years 2014/2015 and 2017/2018 (for a total of €8.1 million, plus penalties 
and interest), the filing of the ruling for 2014 is pending with regard to the first two 
years after losing the first instance of judgement, while with regard to 2015, 
following the Bank’s victory in the second instance on 10 April last the second 
instance, Court administration certified that the ruling had become final as the 
terms for filing the appeal before the Court of Cassation had expired; in the 
meantime, with regard to the third year, following the Bank’s victory in the first 
instance, the Italian Revenue Agency notified an appeal on 14 May last, against 
which the Bank filed a counter-appeal; the session to hear the case was set for 8 
November next. Finally, with regard to the last disputed year, a hearing was held on 
22 April and the ruling is pending. 
 
Additional tax proceedings 
In addition to those listed above, the following additional disputes are pending: 
 
two minor disputes relating to the failure to reimburse interests accrued on VAT 
credits in leasing transactions (for a value of just under € 3 million); and 
 
six disputes relating to direct and indirect taxes, of minor importance and at 
different stages of the relevant ruling process, for a total of € 1.1 million in taxes 
assessed. 
Finally, with regard to the proceedings initiated before the District Court of California, 
pursuant to the so-called “RICO” law (Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organisations 
Act), in which CMB Monaco was involved, it should be noted that on 13 June 2024 the 
Court acknowledged CMB Monaco’s withdrawal from the proceedings without financial 
loss, with the preclusion of any further action in any jurisdiction. 
 
Proceedings with supervisory authorities 
Both Mediobanca and those of the Group Legal Entities that are also banks are subject to 
inspections by the supervisory authorities as part of their normal banking activity. 
 
Antitrust proceedings 
As far as the Group is concerned, Compass, following proceedings with the Italian 
Antitrust Authority, in relation to the alleged forced combination of financing and 
insurance products not related to loan, had two proceedings pending before the Lazio 
Regional Administrative Court to challenge the measures by which the aforementioned 
proceedings have been concluded. Of the two judgments, the first ended with the rejection 
of the appeal by the Court (judgement published on 6 September 2021). Compass filed an 
appeal against this judgement before the Council of State, which submitted to the 
European Court of Justice some preliminary interpretative questions. The public hearing 
was set for 11 January 2024. Following the positive decision of the European Court of 
Justice, the proceeding was resumed before the Council of State and the next hearing is 
scheduled for 19 June 2025 
MATERIAL AGREEMENTS 
Neither Mediobanca nor any of the companies controlled by Mediobanca has entered into or 
participates in agreements outside of their normal course of business which could result an

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
obligation or entitlement for Group members that would impact significantly on the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations in respect of the holders of financial instruments issued or to be 
issued. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
Mediobanca approved the consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2024  
On 19 September 2024, the Board of Directors of Mediobanca examined and approved the 
consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 30 June 2024, 
which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Mediobanca ordinary and extraordinary annual shareholders’ meeting  
On 28 October 2024, the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer examined and approved as 
ordinary meeting the Issuer’s financial statements as at 30 June 2024 and distributed a gross 
dividend equal to €1.07 per share for each of the shares, €0.51 of which paid as an interim 
dividend in May 2024, with the balance of €0.56 payable as from 20 November 2024, record 
date 19 November 2024, and the shares going ex-rights on 18 November 2024. 
Mediobanca approved the consolidated quarterly result as at 30 September 2024  
On 12 November 2024, the press release related to the approval of the consolidated quarterly 
results as at and for the three-month period ended 30 September 2024 was published.  
Mediobanca launched a share buyback programme 
On 12 November 2024, the Issuer launched a share buyback programme involving up to a 
maximum of 37,500,000 ordinary shares (equal to approximately 4.5% of the Issuer’s share 
capital) and in any case not entailing a total outlay of more than € 385 million, and which is 
expected to be completed by 7 October 2025. 
As at 31 December 2024, the Issuer had acquired a total of 8,242,715 shares, equal to 1% of the 
Issuer’s share capital, for a total outlay of approximately € 116.9 million. Since the beginning of 
2025, the Issuer acquired no. 560,000 shares for a total outlay of €8,972,031.55 on 24 January 
2025, no. 770,000 shares for a total outlay of € 12,683,222.375 on 27 January 2025, no. 767,031 
shares for a total outlay of € 12,269,266.270 on 28 January 2025, no. 438,000 shares for a total 
outlay of € 6,959,542.50 on 29 January 2025, no. 299,433 shares for a total outlay of € 
4,739,108.07 on 30 January 2025, no. 188,000 shares for a total outlay of € 2,999,840.68 on 31 
January 2025 and no. 464,000 shares for a total outlay of € 7,293,731.095 on 3 February 2025.  
MSCI raises its ESG rating for Mediobanca 
On 17 December 2024, MSCI, one of the world's leading rating agencies, revised its ESG rating 
for Mediobanca to the maximum level of “AAA”, from its previous rating of “AA”. 
Voluntary public exchange offer launched by Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena 
S.p.A. on the ordinary shares of the Issuer 
On 24 January 2025, Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. (“BMPS”) announced that it has 
taken the decision to launch a voluntary public exchange offer pursuant to Articles 102 and 106, 
paragraph 4, of the Financial Services Act on all the ordinary shares of Mediobanca, including 
any treasury shares held by the Issuer (the “Offer”). The launch of the Offer is subject to certain 
authorisations required by the applicable laws and regulations. On 28 January 2025, following a 
meeting of the Board of Directors, the Issuer published a press release in relation to the Offer. 
Copies of both the abovementioned press releases are available on the websites of, respectively, 
BMPS and the Issuer.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
OF 
MEDIOBANCA 
– 
BANCA 
DI 
CREDITO 
FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
The consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the years ended 30 
June 2024 and 2023 were prepared in accordance with IFRS, as endorsed by the European 
Union.  
The consolidated annual financial statements referred to above have been audited by EY S.p.A., 
whose reports thereon are attached to such consolidated annual financial statements. 
All of the above consolidated annual financial statements, prepared in each case together with 
the notes thereto, are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” above.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SELLER 
Mediobanca Premier overview 
Mediobanca Premier is the wealth management bank of the Mediobanca Group, focused on 
affluent & premier customer. 
Originally founded in 2008 as a retail digital bank “CheBanca!”, now “Mediobanca Premier”, 
focused on developing the wealth management business; during the last years significantly 
increased volumes, revenue, and profitability. 
Brief History: 
 Established by merge from Micos Banca (which used to operate exclusively 
in the mortgage business) thus creating a new multichannel banking 
operator (online, phone service and branches) offering savings accounts 
and mortgages. First year results: 170k new customers and 5.3bn savings. 
 CheBanca! enlarges its offering, including investment services and 
enforcing its advisory capabilities. Launch of personalized mutual funds 
and bancassurance offering. 
 CheBanca! concludes the acquisition of a selected perimeter of the Barclays’ 
retail banking business. The deal allows to double indirect funding, 
mortgage loans up 60%, 30% liabilities rise and 40% increase of the client 
base to 800k. 
 CheBanca! launches its Financial Advisors Network, building a widespread 
network over the whole Country. Ca. 160 new Financial Advisors acquired 
in the first 12 months. 
 As part of the Wealth Management Division of Mediobanca, CheBanca! 
consolidates its role as wealth manager for affluent and premier customers, 
strengthening and completing its investment platform with advanced 
advisory services.  
 Levering on a new brand positioning, CheBanca! counts on ca. 1,040 
Advisors and reaches €35.0bn, equally composed by investments and 
liabilities, and €11.9bn Mortgages.  
 Mediobanca’s 2023-26 Strategic Plan “One Brand One Culture” has been 
approved with the priority of developing the Wealth Management Division. 
CheBanca! plays a central role in the new strategic plan with its rebranding 
in Mediobanca Premier and the aim to become the leading bank specialised 
in wealth management and investment services for Italian families. 
 Launch of Mediobanca Premier in January 2024: Mediobanca Premier 
aspires to become the market leader in the medium-high market segment 
by developing an advisory and wealth management/protection offering 
featuring asset management products, plus a unique combined offering 
based on Mediobanca’s capital market and Corporate & Investment 
Banking products, that will be a distinguishing feature in the market. 
 
2016 
2017 
2019 
2022 
2014 
 
2008 
2023 
2024

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
Profile and Ambitions 
With its innately sustainable and technologically cutting-edge approach, Mediobanca Premier 
has consolidated its role as a wealth manager for affluent and premier customer. 
Mediobanca Premier offers its broad customer base an innovative and distinctive business 
model: 
 
a truly omni-channel distribution model through branches, financial advisors, online and 
partners;  
 
a distribution network of 209 point of sales, for optimal geographical coverage, combined 
with a state-of-the-art digital platform. 
Mediobanca Premier aims to serve its customer base increasingly better by: 
 
continuous enhancement of its digital platforms, which will include updating our app-based 
and remote advisory service, while preserving the value of personal relationships with 
customers; 
 
expanding sales force, focusing on the quality and value of people; 
 
developing the product range with an offer increasingly in line with investment needs; 
 
improving the segmentation of products and customers to personalise services based on 
each customer’s profile, promoting the group's expertise. 
 
Sustainability 
 
Top-quality services largely tailored to each customer’s needs;  
 
High level of customer satisfaction and loyalty; 
 
Recurrent and diversified income. 
Innovation 
 
Easy, efficient, real omni-channel distribution model;  
 
Digital excellence since inception.  
Brand 
 
Significant and continuous investments in brand and product development are made to 
create strong and sustainable consideration; 
 
Investments in corporate brand identity: the entire communication platform has been 
overhauled, with full restyling of the institutional website, the digital channels and 
progressively also the layout of the branch offices throughout Italy. 
 
New brand identity Campaign since January 2024 addressed to a sophisticated audience 
that seeks distinctive and high-level banking and wealth management services, such as 
executives, entrepreneurs, families, and professionals, the new brand strategy and current 
communication campaign aim to create an immediate sense of identification through three 
key elements: The visual strategy, The narrative, A targeted media strategy.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Products 
 
Strong focus on the whole customer experience: product communication, subscription and 
management; 
 
Competitive pricing; high value for money, no price leadership; 
 
A complete product range including: 
o 
Investment products; 
o 
Advisory service (base, advanced); 
o 
Checking account and cards; 
o 
Saving account for retail and business customers; 
o 
A full set of mortgage products; 
o 
Insurance products (life, unemployment, accidents, home); 
o 
Personal loans (originated by Compass, consumer credit factory within MB Group). 
 
Distribution 
 
Integrated channel management: customers can buy and operate with their products across 
all the channels (internet, call center, branches, financial advisors); 
 
At end of September 2024, overall the distribution network consists of 534 premier 
relationship managers and 629 financial advisors, working at 209 branches and points of 
sale (vs 206 at end December 2023);  
 
Branch focused on sales and value added services (such as sale of asset management 
products), online banking more simple, comprehensive and efficient to facilitate 
independent transactions; 
 
Strategy to be the leading digitally omni-channel bank and serve our clients in all their 
banking needs. 
 
Economic results in detail  
At the end of June 2024 the net interest income of Mediobanca Premier amounted to €273.8m 
and net fees increased at €177.2m. The net banking income amounted to €454m (€414,1m at the 
end of June 2023). Net of writeoffs for credit risk (-€6,4m), the net result on financial operations 
increased to €447.6m. 
PROFIT AND LOSS STATEMENT (€000) 
June 2023 
June 2024 
Interest and similar income 
618,742  
939,775  
Interest expense and similar charges 
-373,124  
-665,980  
Net interest income 
245,619  
273,795  
Fee and commission income 
237,991  
261,882  
Fee and commission expense 
-72,121  
-84,641  
Net fee and commission income 
165,869  
177,241  
Other Gain/(loss) 
2,618  
2,978  
Total income 
414,106  
454,013  
 Net writeoffs (writebacks) for credit risk 
-10,970  
-6,377  
Net income from financial operations 
403,136  
447,637  
Administrative expenses 
-311,500  
-352,649  
Net transfers to provisions 
-17,733  
-8,184  
Operating costs 
-329,233  
-360,833

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Gain (loss) on equity investments 
-10  
0  
Profit (loss) on ordinary activity before tax 
73,893  
86,804  
Income tax for the year on ordinary activities 
-25,221  
-28,680  
Net profit (loss) for the period 
48,672  
58,124  
Operating costs at the end of June 2024 amounted to €360m, increased compared to 2023 
mainly due to the growth of the business. The profit at the end of the period is equal to €58.1m. 
 
BALANCE SHEET ASSETS (€000) 
June 2023 
June 2024 
Cash and cash equivalents 
     1,159,299  
        384,606  
Financial assets at fair value through P&L 
          26,073  
           9,175  
Due from banks 
   16,370,871  
   16,560,354  
Due from customers 
   12,985,107  
   13,188,412  
Hedging derivatives 
        752,970  
                -  
Equity investments 
                69  
                69  
Property, plant and equipment 
        152,005  
        159,629  
Intangible assets 
           5,239  
           7,025  
Tax assets 
          42,338  
          46,283  
Other assets 
        289,727  
        306,090  
Total assets 
   31,783,698  
   30,661,643  
 
BALANCE SHEET LIABILITIES & 
EQUITY (€000) 
June 2023 
June 2024 
Due to banks 
13,439,479  
12,330,412  
Due to customers 
17,108,170  
17,009,824  
Hedging derivatives 
6,741  
0  
Tax liabilities 
10,572  
11,593  
Other liabilities 
255,935  
327,325  
Staff severance indemnity provision 
1,965  
1,966  
Provisions 
32,551  
31,427  
Net equity 
879,612  
890,972  
Profit (Loss) for the period (+/-) 
48,672  
58,124  
Total liabilities and net equity 
31,783,698  
30,661,643  
Source: audited annual financial statements of the Seller as at and for the years indicated in 
the relevant tables 
 
The Originator’s Position in the Loan Mortgage Market in Italy 
Residential Mortgage Market Trend 2018 – 6M 2024  
 
In the first six months of 2024 Italian families received funding for residential 
mortgages for € 19,793 million. Compared to the same period, from January to June 
2023, there was a decrease in disbursements of -5%.  
 
At the end of December 2023, the “substitution” mortgages represent the 8% of the total 
disbursements in 2023 (4% compared to the same period of 2022). In the first six 
months of 2024 the substitution mortgages represent the 11% of the total disbursement.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
The annual growth rate from 2018 to 2022 on the stock of residential mortgages was 
equal to +4%, the first signal of stop showed at the end of 2023. In June 2024 the 
decrease of -0,5% compared to December 2023. 
 
Disbursement of residential mortgages - Italian Market (€mln)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stock of residential mortgages - Italian Market (€mln) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Breakdown of disbursement - Italian Market (Assofin) % 
 
In the first 6 months of 2024 Floating rate mortgages decrease at 4% from 21% of full year 
2023 (31% in full year 2021). 
 
Italian households confirmed their preference to fixed rate mortgages that accounted 88% of 
total disbursement. This percentage shows a recovery in the fixed rate after the collapse at 
65% in 2022 (74% in full year 2023) due to the current market interest rate environment.  
 
During the same period of 2023 Italian households continued to prefer amount between 
€101k and €200k and relatively long maturity (>26 years). 
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
6M 2024
41,230
50,426
48,013
50,519
60,903
55,289
20,410
20,820
19,793
Dec 2018
Dec 2019
Dec 2020
Dec 2021
Dec 2022
Dec 2023
Jun 2024
322,918
333,350
339,566
359,335
377,257
377,959
375,898
+4.0%
-0.5%

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Type of rate16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amount of disbursement1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                             
16 Source: Assofin. 
8%
21%
19%
31%
21%
75%
77%
90%
90%
65%
74%
88%
4%
2018
2019
7%
3%
2020
6%
4%
2021
4%
2022
5%
2023
4%
6M 
2024
Fixed rate
Float  rate
Mixed rate
18%
20%
22%
25%
25%
21%
21%
50%
49%
50%
49%
50%
50%
51%
25%
24%
22%
20%
19%
23%
22%
3%
3%
2018
3%
4%
2019
2%
4%
2020
2%
4%
2021
2%
4%
2022
2%
4%
2023
2%
4%
6M 
2024
≤ €50k
> €51k <€100k
> €101k <€200k
> €201k <€500k
≥ €500k

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Maturity of disbursement1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mediobanca Premier Market Share - Trend 2018 – 6M 2024  
At the end of June 2024 Mediobanca Premier’s disbursement market share is equal to 3.14% 
(3.21% the full year 2023). 
 
Market Share of Disbursement, % 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Source Bank of Italy and Mediobanca Premier analysis,  Note: due to renewal and consolidation of data from Bank of 
Italy, data from 2017 to 2021 could be subject to variation respect previous reports.  
 
34%
39%
38%
45%
57%
58%
57%
21%
19%
20%
19%
18%
19%
21%
25%
24%
26%
23%
16%
14%
14%
12%
12%
12%
10%
7%
7%
6%
7%
2%
2%
2%
2018
5%
2019
4%
2020
3%
2021
2022
2023
6M 2024
< 10y
11y < 15y
16y < 20y
21y < 25y
> 26y
3.4%
4.7%
3.8%
3.3%
4.9%
3.2%
3.1%
Disbursement €/m
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
6M 2024
Mediobanca Premier
1,729
2,265
1,929
2,016
2,688
1,322
621
Market
50,426
48,013
50,519
60,903
55,289
41,230
19,793
Market share 3.43%
4.72%
3.82%
3.31%
4.86%
3.21%
3.14%

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
At the end of June 2024 Mediobanca Premier’s stock market share is equal to 3.27% (3.24% at 
the end of December 2023). 
 
Market Share of Stock, % 
 
 
 
 
 
                         
 
Source Bank of Italy and Mediobanca Premier analysis,  Note: due to renewal and consolidation of data from Bank of 
Italy, data could be subject to variation respect previous reports.  
 
Focus on disbursement of last fiscal year of Mediobanca Premier (July 2023 - June 2024) 
At the end of June 2024 Mediobanca Premier registered € 1.101m of disbursements (12months 
fiscal year 2023/2024), -51% compared to the same period July 2022-June 2023 € 2.245m. With 
reference to the disbursements of 12m from July 2023 to June 2024: 
o 
Most of the disbursements regarded home purchases or home renovation (76.9%), 
followed by disbursement for substitutions (17.2%) and liquidity or debt consolidation 
(5.9%) 
o 
Most of the disbursements referred to long-term maturities (68.5% referred to contract 
terms of more than 20 years) 
o Fixed rate mortgages accounted for the 85.8%. Considering the “rata protetta” product 
(5.6%), a mortgage with floating rate and fixed payment, this percentage grows up to 
91.3%. 
 
LENDING POLICY AND CREDIT APPROVAL PROCESS 
Introduction 
The Bank’s policies for granting mortgages provide restrictions in relation to the specific product 
(term, disbursement limit vis-à-vis the appraised value, maximum/minimum amount, minimum 
guarantees). There are also three types of requirements for all mortgages: 
 
specific requirements for the applicant, with regard to: 
o 
personal requirements (minimum/maximum age, citizenship, residence); 
o 
profession and professional experience (free-lance professional, self-employed 
worker, full-time employee, retired); 
2.6%
2.9%
3.1%
3.1%
3.1%
3.2%
3.3%
Stock €/m
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
June 2024
Mediobanca Premier
8,322
9,730
10,596
11,127
11,850
12,245
12,281
Market 322,918
333,350
339,566
359,335
377,257
377,959
375,898
Market share
2.58%
2.92%
3.12%
3.10%
3.14%
3.24%
3.27%

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Sales Division 
Partner 
Credit Department 
Operations Division 
o 
earnings situation (ratio of monthly installment to monthly net income, minimum 
disposable income, level of debt); 
 
specific requirements for the guarantor with regard to the level of debt and the specific 
relationship with the applicant; 
 
specific requirements for the property with regard to: 
o 
restrictions on location and on the property’s state and conditions; 
o 
restrictions on specific elements that may reduce the possibility for the Bank to take 
an interest in an unencumbered asset. 
 
Credit Review and Approval Process 
The credit disbursement process is mainly made up of the phases outlined below and detailed in 
the next slides: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The credit application and approval process for the disbursement to a new customer includes the 
following activities: 
 
preliminary contact, aimed at detecting the needs and the pre-requirements for granting 
the loan; 
 
gathering of the documentation needed for a preliminary feasibility assessment; 
 
evaluation through the credit policies based on customer monthly income/debt position; 
 
property appraisal by an external company; 
 
final approval and subsequent closing of the contract. 
Preliminary contact 
During this phase Mediobanca Premier evaluates the applications from the customer and 
identifies the applicant’s financial needs. The preliminary contact could be with the branch 
manager / teller, the financial advisor, the call center operator, the Internet site and brokers 
partnered with Mediobanca Premier. If the application meet the minimum requirements, 
proceed the identification of the most suitable product/product features fitting the customer’s 
needs, on contrary case the customer is informed that the application cannot be processed. 
Application and Gathering Documentation 
Upon presentation of the application for the mortgage, the customer is asked to supply the 
following documentation (the list is an example and is not all inclusive): 
Personal data: 
PRELIMINARY 
CONTACT 
APPLICATION 
AND 
DOCUMENTATION 
GATHERING 
EARNINGS  
ANALYSIS AND 
CREDIT SCORING 
APPRAISAL OF 
PROPERTY 
VALUE 
APPROVAL 
CONTRACT  
ARRANGEMENT  
AND  
DISBURSEMENT

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
fiscal code and valid ID document (ID cart, passport or driver’s license); 
 
family status certificate; 
 
residence certificate 
Income information: 
 
most recent earnings statement issued for tax purposes, 2 most recent payroll stubs, 
income tax return; 
 
ID card / certification for registration on a professional register, document for issuance 
of a value-added tax number; 
 
employer’s statement of employment and hire date; 
 
most recent quarterly bank account statement, updated to the most recent month, with 
evidence of the crediting of payroll or business volume for a professional. 
Investment detail: 
 
copy of preliminary sale-purchase contract and/or proposal to purchase; 
 
deed of origin (current owner’s deed of ownership); 
 
floor plan and up-to-date cadastral survey. 
 
Credit Scoring Assessment 
The first evaluation at the Credit department foresees three main steps:  
1. 
Preliminary Overview 
Once the application is received at the Credit department, the analyst: 
 
maps the customer’s outstanding loans; 
 
checks the declared sources of income introducing discounted rates where needed; 
 
verifies how the application credit “ratios” stand versus the threshold set in the credit 
policy; 
 
checks for the presence of protests and impediments. 
2. 
Credit Scoring  
After the preliminary check, the analyst carries out an automated credit scoring process 
that calculates a credit risk score through a proprietary algorithm based on: 
 
CRIF Credit Bureau Score, an application risk score provided by CRIF (CRIF is a private 
credit information bureau, specialized in credit information systems and management of 
a private central information file);  
 
Mediobanca Premier’s internal score, based on information concerning the credit 
request and borrower characteristics. The algorithm is implemented in SAS environment 
of Mediobanca 
3. 
In-depth analysis 
Interrogation of Bank of Italy’s Central Credit Register (Centrale dei Rischi) to gather 
information on the overall risk profile of all subjects involved into the operation (borrower, co-
borrower, guarantor).

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Depending on the outcome, the process continues with: 
 
customer’s debt position “quality”; 
 
evaluation of customer’s current account (whether in/outflows are consistent with 
income/debt/spending attitude). 
At this step, in case the application is “border line”, the analyst may suggest the sale rep to: 
 
reduce the mortgage amount; 
 
increase the mortgage maturity;  
 
acquire a mortgage guarantor. 
Once this step is completed the analyst may: 
 
proceed the application to the next step (in case the mortgage amount complies with 
his/her approved threshold); 
 
submit to a higher approving body for the authorization to proceed with the approval; 
 
reject the application. 
Appraisal of Property to Secure the Mortgage 
A property appraisal by an outside company is required for any transaction (regardless of the 
amount) pre-approved through the credit analysis: the company in charge of the appraisal visits 
the property and documents the visit with photos.  PRAXI, EAGLE&WISE (ex EFFELLE 
Ricerche) and CERVED are, at the moment, the qualified and certified companies used for the 
property appraisals. The external company does the appraisal on the basis of certified and 
standardized evaluation criteria. 
The quarterly key evaluation data are used to re-evaluate the property value, through statistical 
methodologies based on market quotation indexes provided by Nomisma. In case of significant 
depreciation (>10%) against the original value of the property, it must be appraised again. 
Once the appraisal is received, the analyst verifies: 
 
comprehensiveness; 
 
compliance with credit policies as far as property concerns; 
 
property value vs. benchmark; 
 
property value vs. mortgage amount, considering the maximum LTV admitted; 
 
consistency of cadastral data;  
 
the property’s current conditions, habitability and compliance with regulation. 
Checking of parameters and approving resolution 
Once the application package is complete (including the notary’s preliminary report), the check 
of consistency is carried out. The analyst inputs a definitive recommendation and submits the 
file to the person/body having in charge the mortgage approval (in terms of amount and credit 
risk score). During this process, the information system automatically checks the compliance of:  
 
parameters for the capacity to finance (as provided by the Bank of Italy); 
 
parameters defined by internal procedures (i.e. debt ratio);

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
usury threshold parameters. 
In order to ensure the proper application of credit policy, mortgages are approved according to 
an authorization procedure formalized on the basis of operating authority limits established for 
the persons responsible. The system checks the extent of the analyst’s approval authority with 
respect to the amount and credit risk score of the financing. The approval of any exceptions vis-
à-vis the limits provided by credit policy must be done through the authorization procedure. The 
application must be submitted to the person who has the authority (by amount) to approve it. 
Lending Authority Chain 
The table below shows the structure of approval authority by position and the amount financed: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contract signature and disbursement 
The specialist of the Perfection of Contracts Office performs a final correctness check of the 
practice and in particular the documentation for the mortgage stipulation to send to the Notary: 
 
approval letter; 
 
letter of instructions for notary; 
 
Notary deed draft; 
 
summary document; 
 
repayment plan;  
 
deed summons. 
Transaction Limit 
Amount Financed
Credit Risk Score
Position
*  Operations valued by the internal rating model in the high risk class cannot be financed.  Any exceptions may be 
authorized by the Credit Director  or the Credit Manager. 
€240,000 
€300,000 
€360,000 
€500,000 
€1,000,000 
€1,500,000 
€3,500,000 
€4,500,000 
€10,000,000 
Customer Limit 
€200,000 
€240,000 
€300,000 
€450,000 
€800,000 
€1,000,000 
€3,000,000 
€4,000,000 
€10,000,000 
High* 
Medium 
Low 
Credit Analyst 
Credit Analyst 
Credit Analyst 
Office Manager 
Credit Manager 
Credit Director 
General Manager 
CEO 
Credit Committee

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
The process ends by signing of the mortgage documents at the Notary’s office. The disbursement 
is concomitant with the closing of the contract and may take place through the issuance of 
cashier’s cheque or via bank to bank transfers.  
 
Credit risk control system 
Activities on mortgage portfolio are monitored via three control levels 
 
line controls performed, in the approval process, by Credit Department and, after the 
disbursement and throughout the life of the loans, by the Credit Monitoring and 
Collection Department; 
 
controls undertaken by the Credit Risk Management aiming at monitoring and 
managing credit risk, through specific reports provided to the top management and 
CEO;  
 
verification of compliance with policies, procedures and limits and assessments on the 
overall functionality of the control system are carried out by the Internal Auditing.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Credit Monitoring and Collection Process 
 As of September 2019 Mediobanca Premier has adopted the new definition according to 
EBA/GL/2016/07 and Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of non-performing loans, as summarized 
 
Credit 
Classification 
Credit Sub-
classification 
Description 
Performing 
Performing 
 
Includes transactions which at least a limit expressed as an absolute component (for retail 
exposures 100 € and for other than retail exposures 500 €1) or a limit expressed as a 
relative component (past due amount of total exposure higher than 1%) are not exceeded 
for at least 90 consecutive days (dpd). 
of 
which 
forborne 
Performing exposures in respect of which forbearance measures have been extended. 
Non-
Performing 
90 days past-
due 
 
Includes transactions which both a limit expressed as an absolute component (for retail 
exposures 100 € and for other than retail exposures 500 €1) and a limit expressed as a 
relative component (past due amount of total exposure higher than 1%) are exceeded for at 
least 90 consecutive days (dpd). Past-due category includes transactions affected by 
‘pulling effect’. 
of 
which 
forborne 
90 dpd transactions, as defined above, in respect of which forbearance measures have been 
extended. 
of which under 
probation 
period 
In case of a 90 days past-due exposure reclassified as performing, the exposure is classified 
as 90 days past-due during the 3 months probation period (excluding non-performing 
forborne exposures that are subject to the specific discipline). 
Unlikely 
to 
pay 
 
This status includes counterparties for which at least one transaction is classified as 
Unlikely to pay. UTP detection uses the following triggers: 
 
mortgages exposures with at least four installments outstanding, even not 
consecutive; 
 
exposures with a suspension of the legal interest rate; 
 
exposures that have breached the defined materiality threshold (unpaid 
over 100 € and 1% of total exposure) continuously, for a minimum period of 
12 months; 
 
exposures connected to debtors that sought «Procedura di composizione 
della Crisi da Sovraindebitamento2»; 
 
exposures with fraud detected; 
 
exposures subjected to forbearance measures with a diminished financial 
obligation higher than 1%3; 
 
revoked overdrafts that generate current account overruns exposures. The 
exposure is classified as Unlikely To Pay until the past due amount exists; 
 
sales of credit obligation, with an economic loss higher than 5% and the loss 
is related to the decrease of credit quality4. 
Credit Monitoring and Collection Dept. assesses case by case the potential unlikeliness to 
pay of all other Entities connected to a defaulted obligor and then classify the other 
exposure as Unlikely To Pay5. 
Furthermore, Credit Monitoring and Collection Dept. can include a counterparty in UTP 
status on a subjective evaluation according to evidences about the client on private and 
public information database. 
of 
which 
forborne 
Unlikely to pay counterparties, as described above, in respect of which forbearance 
measures have been extended. 
of which under 
probation 
period 
In case of a unlikely to pay exposure reclassified as performing, the exposure is classified as 
unlikely to pay exposure during the 3 months probation period (excluding non-performing 
forborne exposures that are subject to the specific discipline). 
Bad loans 
 
Exposures deriving from mortgages whose recovery actions, made by the Credit 
Monitoring and Collection Dept., have been verified to be ineffective. 
of 
which 
forborne 
Bad loans, as described above, in respect of which forbearance measures have been 
extended. 
of which under 
probation 
period 
In case of a bad loan reclassified as performing, the exposure is classified as unlikely to pay 
during the 3 months probation period (excluding non-performing forborne exposures that 
are subject to the specific discipline).

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
by the following scheme.  
 
1 For retail exposures the limit is the past due amount of the single credit facility owed by the obligor, for other than retail 
exposures the limit is the sum of all amounts past due owed by the obligor 
2 Attachment A of EU regulation no. 848/2015 issued by the European Parliament and Council regarding insolvency 
proceedings and regulated by Legislative decree 3/2012 
3 EBA/GL/2016/07 par. 49-55 
4 EBA/GL/2016/07 par. 41-48 
5 EBA/GL/2016/07 par. 97-99 
The Collection Process 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Collection Process – Some details 
Phone collection activities are carried out by outsourced resources who are responsible for 
calling borrowers to understand reasons of missed installments and solicit the recovery. This 
activity is carried out immediately for all customers classified in the scoring range bad or for all 
1 
3 
5 
7 
2 
4 
6 
8 
Missed payments 
Phase 
Action 
Phone collection 
Judicial Coll. 
Home collection 
Out of court Collection 
Phone Support 
(*) 
Injunction 
Internal  
classification 
 T1 
Communications 
Judicial 
proceedings
Doubtful loan 
Delinquent loan 
Defaulted loan
Description 
 
Sending a SMS to 
customers classified 
with scoring medium 
 
Immediate outsourced 
telephone solicitation 
for customers classified 
in scoring range bad or 
for all customers who 
haven’t paid after 7 days 
from installment date 
classified in scoring 
range good or medium  
 
Written communication 
(“raccomandata") at the 
1st installment unpaid 
(T1) 
 
Outsourcing home 
collection on 
customers not found 
by the phone 
collection or on 
customers that still 
have missed 
installments  
 
In-house 
written 
communication 
(DBT  or “Last call” 
letter) and report to 
Central Credit 
Register (Bank of 
Italy) 
 
Defaulted 
loans classification 
status at the 8th 
missed payment 
 
Starting of the judicial 
proceedings (Injunction), 
followed by the lawyer 
geographically competent 
 
Starting  the foreclosure 
procedures, according to 
the Italian regulation 
(cpc, art. 491) 
 
From September 2020,
Mediobanca Premier has
stared 
a 
collaboration
with Guber, a company
specialized 
in 
debt
collection. 
Management 
Outsourcing (Lawyers, Guber) 
Outsourcing (Mb Credit Solution, Fire, Starcredit, Cr Service) 
Outsourcing  
(Mb Credit 
Solution, Gextra 
Service Credit 
S.p.A.,  
Starcredit, 
Consulfin) 
 
In-house phone support on customers willing to renegotiate mortgage conditions 
(maturity extension, partial suspension of monthly payments) 
Home collection 
Scoring good no actions 
Scoring medium sending SMS 
Scoring bad phone immediate 
In «bonis» mortgages are always paid via interbank SDD procedure

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
customers in the scoring range good or medium who have not paid after 7 days from the 
installment date. The pipeline schedules two 30 days phases of Phone Collection managed by 
two different outsourcers. A web application has been set up in order to support the overall 
management of customers. The application schedules different activities according to the 
number of missed installments and default gravity, balancing the daily effort between all the 
resources involved. 
When the phone collection outsourcers do not succeed in their recovery purpose, a deeper action 
is set up and another outsourcer is in charge to go directly to the house of the borrower in order 
to exert a strong action on him/her and to arrange recovery plan. The pipeline schedules five 30 
days phases of Home Collection all in outsourcing. 
Credit Monitoring and Collection - Daily Reporting 
Purposes: 
 
constantly evaluate and monitor borrowers’ willingness and ability to pay; 
 
support the structures involved in the collection process;  
 
monitor collection performance and portfolio quality. 
 
Doubtful, delinquent and defaulted loans reports main concerns: 
 
collection analysis: daily and monthly data are compared vs. month-ago; 
 
new missed installment (defaulted loans are not included) daily updated; 
 
delinquent loans: daily distribution and comparison to previous months; 
 
stock of doubtful and delinquent loans total number and amount; 
 
outsourcer best performance report; 
 
key reasons driving loans to default; 
 
defaulted loans by disbursement year and region of origination;  
 
delinquent and defaulted loans variations: monthly cumulative economic impact, 
coming from write off and coverage provisions. 
 
 
Report sample of Doubtful and delinquent loans arrears daily analysis 
[ILLUSTRATIVE] 
 
 
Previous Month 
(30/11/2023) 
Actual (29/12/2023) 
Delta 
Loan 
Loan 
Loan 
BRC 
51_BONIS 
2,796,619.01 
725,207.25 
-2,071,411.76 
BRC 
52_LESS THAN 90 DPD 
2,530,806.07 
4,636,014.79 
2,105,208.72 
BRC 
53_MORE THAN 90 DPD 
1,732,220.05 
1,827,594.46 
95,374.41 
BRC 
54_UTP 
18,896,988.01 
18,204,358.54 
-692,629.47 
BRC 
55_BAD LOANS 
27,795,070.60 
27,966,240.30 
171,169.70 
53,751,703.74 
53,359,415.34 
-392,288.40 
FMI 
51_BONIS 
8,874,287.52 
3,473,273.65 
-5,401,013.87 
FMI 
52_LESS THAN 90 DPD 
13,347,056.22 
17,383,052.31 
4,035,996.09 
FMI 
53_MORE THAN 90 DPD 
5,273,903.29 
5,456,972.88 
183,069.59 
FMI 
54_UTP 
60,363,504.19 
60,049,878.75 
-313,625.44 
FMI 
55_BAD LOANS 
69,058,601.34 
69,691,787.07 
633,185.73 
156,917,352.56 
156,054,964.66 
-862,387.90

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
Credit Monitoring and Collection – Monthly Reporting  
The Credit Monitoring and Collection Department is also provided by monthly reports 
concerning: 
1. 
Report: NON-PERFORMING PORTFOLIO 
 
Incoming missed installments are reported monthly by: disbursement year and region of 
origination; 
 
Residual missed installment are reported at the end of each monthly collection; 
2. Report: CREDIT COLLECTION ANALYSIS 
 Doubtful loans - disbursement year distribution (stock); 
 Delinquent loans - disbursement year distribution (stock); 
 Defaulted loans - disbursement year distribution (stock); 
 Collection performance 
3. Report: DEFAULTED LOANS 
 Debt after classification into defaulted (€/K); 
 Average debt and geographical distribution; 
 Drivers of default distribution (i.e. unemployment, divorce, etc.); 
 Drivers of default series. 
 
 
(ILLUSTRATIVE REPORT) 
NON-PERFORMING PORTFOLIO - MONTHLY INSTALMENT DISTRIBUTION BY 
REGION AND DISBURSEMENT YEAR 
 
FMI 
51_BONIS 
11,670,906.53 
4,198,480.90 
-7,472,425.63 
+ 
52_LESS THAN 90 DPD 
15,877,862.29 
22,019,067.10 
6,141,204.81 
BRC 
53_MORE THAN 90 DPD 
7,006,123.34 
7,284,567.34 
278,444.00 
54_UTP 
79,260,492.20 
78,254,237.29 
-1,006,254.91 
55_BAD LOANS 
96,853,671.94 
97,658,027.37 
804,355.43 
210,669,056.30 
209,414,380.00 
-1,254,676.30 
FMF 
51_BONIS 
810,586.81 
1,677,603.59 
867,016.78 
FMF 
52_LESS THAN 90 DPD 
2,624,176.40 
1,757,159.62 
-867,016.78 
FMF 
53_MORE THAN 90 DPD 
48,742.87 
48,742.87 
0.00 
FMF 
54_UTP 
2,707,941.29 
2,551,490.05 
-156,451.24 
FMF 
55_BAD LOANS 
822,104.66 
822,104.66 
0.00 
7,013,552.03 
6,857,100.79 
-156,451.24

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
4
5
4
5
4
7
5
8
5
5
5
4
November
Nord
December January February
March
May
June
April
July
August September October
94
14
4
1
2
8
5
8
8
8
7
20
10
Until 
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Nord
2023
MONTHLY DISTRIBUTION BY REGION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
YEAR DISTRIBUTION BY REGION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ILLUSTRATIVE 
ILLUSTRATIVE

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
18%
17%
20%
31%
5%
8%
2%
Dispute
Illness/Death
Divorce
Unemployment
Overdebt
Customer unavailability
Alleged Fraud
 
DEFAULTED LOANS – KEY DRIVERS DISTRIBUTION BY REGION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ILLUSTRATIVE

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
Introduction  
Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. (the “Guarantor”) is a limited liability company (società a 
responsabilità limitata) incorporated on 31 March 2003 under the denomination of “Sessanta 
Finance S.r.l.” in the Republic of Italy under the then in force article 7-bis (now article 7-septies) 
of Italian law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (Disposizioni sulla cartolarizzazione dei crediti) as 
amended from time to time (the “Law 130/99”), as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of 
issuing a guarantee in relation to the Covered Bonds.  
By way of a shareholder’s resolution passed on 17 March, 2009, the corporate name of the 
Guarantor was changed into Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. 
By way of a shareholders’ resolution adopted on 17 March, 2009, the by-laws of the company has 
been amended in order to allow the company to act as a special purpose vehicle within covered 
bond transactions in accordance with the then in force article 7-bis (now article 7-septies) of Law 
130/99. 
In accordance with the Guarantor’s by-laws, the corporate duration of the Guarantor is limited to 
30 June, 2050 and may be extended by quotaholders’ resolution. The Guarantor is registered 
with the companies’ register of Milan, Monza-Brianza, Lodi under number 03915310969, and its 
tax identification number (codice fiscale) and Group VAT number is 03915310969. The Legal 
Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Guarantor is 815600AA24272FDEAA79. The registered office of the 
Guarantor is Via Filippo Turati, No. 29, 20121 Milan, Italy. The telephone number of the 
registered office of the Guarantor is + 39 02 62 71 161. 
Since the date of its incorporation on 31 March 2003, the Guarantor has not engaged in any 
business, has not declared or paid any dividends or incurred any indebtedness, other than the 
Guarantor’s costs and expenses of incorporation as well as all the activites connected to its role 
as Guarantor in the context of the Programme. 
The Guarantor has no employees.  
Quotaholding 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the authorised equity capital of the Guarantor is 
€100,000. The issued and paid-up equity capital of the Guarantor is €100,000: 90% is held by 
Mediobanca Premier S.p.A. and the remaining 10% is held by SPV Holding S.r.l.  
Italian company law combined with the holding structure of the Guarantor and the role of the 
Representative of the Bondholders are together intended to prevent any abuse of control of the 
Guarantor. 
The Guarantor is under the management and co-ordination (direzione e coordinamento) activity 
of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Multi-purpose vehicle 
The Guarantor has been established as a multi-purpose vehicle with the purpose of issuing 
guarantees in accordance with Law 130/99, accordingly, it may carry out other Covered Bond 
issue program transactions in addition to that one contemplated in this Base Prospectus, subject 
to certain conditions.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
Business Overview 
The exclusive purpose of the Guarantor is to purchase from banks, against payment, receivables 
and notes issued in the context of securitisation transaction, in compliance with article 7-septies 
of Law 130/99 and the relevant implementing provisions, by means of loans granted or 
guaranteed also by selling banks, as well as to issue guarantees for the Covered Bond issued by 
such bank or entities. The Guarantor has granted the guarantee to the benefit of the 
Representative of the Bondholders (acting in the name and on behalf of the Bondholders), of the 
counterparts of derivative contracts as well as to the benefit of the payment of the other costs of 
the transaction, with priority in respect of the reimbursement of the other loans, pursuant to 
paragraph 1 of the then in force article 7-bis (now article 7-septies) of Law 130/99.Under the 
terms of the Guarantee the Guarantor will be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts in respect of 
the Covered Bonds on the relevant Due for Payment Date. 
Accounting treatment of the Portfolio  
Pursuant to the Bank of Italy’s regulations, the accounting information relating to the 
securitisation of the Receivables will be contained in the explanatory notes to the Guarantor's 
accounts (nota integrativa). The explanatory notes, together with the balance sheet and the 
profit and loss statements, form part of the financial statements of Italian limited liability 
companies (società a responsabilità limitata).  
Accounts of the Guarantor  
The fiscal year of the Guarantor begins on 1 July of each calendar year and ends on 30 June of 
the next calendar year.  
Board of directors of the Guarantor  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of directors of the Guarantor is composed by the 
following members:  
Name 
Address 
Principal 
Activities 
Posts 
held 
in 
other 
companies 
Felice Romelli 
c/o 
Mediobanca 
Premier S.p.A., Viale 
Luigi Bodio No. 37 
(Palazzo 4) – 20158 – 
Milan 
Member of the 
board 
Chief 
Financial 
Officer, 
Mediobanca Premieri S.p.A. 
Barbara Berini 
c/o Mediobanca S.p.A., 
Piazzetta Cuccia No. 1– 
20121 – Milan  
Chairman of the 
board of director 
Director 
– 
Debt 
Capital 
Market and Securitisation, 
Mediobanca 
Marco Guerrieri 
Via Filippo Turati, No. 
29 – 20121 - Milan 
Member of the 
board 
S.G.B.S. S.r.l. - Statutory 
auditor; 
Quarzo S.r.l. - Member of 
board; 
HDP 
S.p.A 
- 
Substitute 
auditor;

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
S.P.V. HOLDING S.r.l. – 
Administrator; 
Open 
Beach 
S.r.l. 
– 
Administrator; 
Open Beach Milano Società 
Sportiva 
Dilettantistica 
a 
Responsabilità 
limitata 
– 
Administrator; 
Officine S. Giacomo S.p.A. - 
Substitute auditor. 
Conflicts of interest  
There are no existing or potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and 
their private interests or other duties. 
Statutory auditors of the Guarantor 
The Guarantor has no statutory auditors. 
Capitalisation and indebtedness statement 
The capitalisation and indebtedness of the Guarantor as at the date of this Base Prospectus are 
as follows:  
 
in euro (€) 
Issued equity capital  
 
€ 100,000 fully paid up 
100,000 
Borrowings  
 
Subordinated Loan 
7.314.955.761 
 
Financial statements 
The financial statements of the Guarantor as of and for the financial years ended on, 
respectively, 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023 are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. The financial statements have been translated into the English language solely for 
the convenience of international readers. The Guarantor accepts responsibility for the correct 
translation of the information set out therein. 
Since 30 June 2024 there have been no negative changes either to the financial position or 
prospects of the Guarantor.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Independent auditors' report  
As at 17 October 2022, Ernst & Young S.p.A. (breviter, EY S.p.A.) was appointed as independent 
auditor of the Guarantor for the period 2022-2025 up to and including the financial year ending 
30 June 2025.  
EY S.p.A. is registered under No. 70945 in the Register of Accounting Auditors (Registro dei 
Revisori Legali), maintained by MEF in compliance with the provisions of Decree 39/2010, and 
is also a member of the ASSIREVI - Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili. The business 
address of EY S.p.A. is Via Meravigli 12, Milan, Italy.  
The financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 30 June 2024 were 
audited, without qualification and in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in 
the Republic of Italy, by EY S.p.A..

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR 
The Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to be 
the asset monitor to carry out controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of 
the Guarantee and, following the latest amendments to the BoI Regulations introduced by way of 
inclusion of the new Part III, Chapter 3 (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) in Bank of Italy’s 
Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, the information to be provided to investors. 
Pursuant to the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations, the asset monitor must be independent 
auditor, enrolled with the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance and shall be independent from the Issuer and any other party to the programme and 
from the accounting firm who carries out the audit of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Pursuant to an engagement letter entered into on or about the First Issue Date, as subsequently 
amended from time to time also in order to reflect any amendments to the BoI Regulations, the 
Issuer has appointed BDO Italia S.p.A., a company incorporated under the laws of the Republic 
of Italy, fiscal code, VAT number and enrolment number with the companies' register of Milan 
no. 07722780967 and enrolled under number 167911 with the Register of Certified Auditors 
(Registro Dei Revisori Legali) maintained by the Ministry of Economy and Finance, having its 
registered office at Viale Abruzzi, 94, 20131 Milan, Italy, acting in its capacity as asset monitor 
(the “Asset Monitor”) in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant information from 
the Issuer, specific monitoring activities concerning, inter alia,; (i) the fulfilment of the eligibility 
criteria set out under article 129 of the CRR, the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations with 
respect to the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool; 
(ii) the arithmetical accuracy of the calculations performed by the Test Report Provider in 
respect of the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Liquidity Buffer Test and the 
Integration Limits; (iii) the compliance with the internal limits on the transfer of the Eligible 
Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets set out under the Law 130/99 and the BoI 
Regulations; (iv) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection provided by any swap 
agreement which may be entered into in the context of the Programme; (v) the segregation of the 
Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool according to 
Article 7-octies of the Law 130/99; (vi) the correct application and notification of the extension 
of the maturity of the Covered Bonds as required by article 7-terdecies of the Law 130/99 and 
(vii) the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided to 
investors pursuant to Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations. 
The engagement letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses by 
the Issuer to the Asset Monitor and the resignation of the Asset Monitor. 
The engagement letter is governed by Italian law. 
Furthermore, on or about the First Issue Date, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, 
the Representative of the Bondholders and the Test Report Provider entered into the Asset 
Monitor Agreement, as more fully described under the section “Description of the Transaction 
Documents - Asset Monitor Agreement”.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
THE COVER POOL 
The Cover Pool is and/or will be comprised of (a) Mortgage Loans transferred pursuant to the 
Master Purchase Agreement, (b) other Eligible Assets, in accordance with Law 130/99 and the 
BoI Regulations, (c) any Integration Assets, (d) any Liquid Assets, (e) the Collections arising 
from the Assets and (f) all the positive amounts arising from the Swap Agreements. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Initial Portfolio consist only of Residential Mortgage 
Loans transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Master 
Purchase Agreement, as more fully described under “Description of the Transaction Documents 
– Master Purchase Agreement”. 
The Cover Pool has characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any 
payment due and payable on the Covered Bonds. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Eligible Assets means the Mortgage Loans and the Public Assets. 
Further Portfolio means all the Eligible Assets, compliant with the General Criteria, the 
relevant Specific Criteria and the relevant Further Criteria (if any) and/or Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets, which may be purchased as a pool (in blocco) and pro soluto by the 
Guarantor, pursuant to Clause 3 (Cessione di Ulteriori Portafogli su base revolving) of the 
Master Purchase Agreement. 
Initial Portfolio means the portfolio of Receivables arising form Residential Mortgage Loan 
Agreement purchased by the Guarantor on 30 November, 2011 pursuant to Article 2 of the 
Master Purchase Agreement in connection with the first issue of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme. 
Mortgage Loans means Italian residential and non residential mortgage loans (mutui 
ipotecari residenziali e non residenziali) pursuant to Article 7-novies of the Law 130/99 and 
Article 129 of the CRR  
Public Assets means the exposures to, or guaranteed by, the public entities and other subjects 
referred to in Article 129, paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR. 
Residential Mortgage Loan means a residential mortgage loan meeting the requiremnts of 
Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (d) of the CRR and article 7-novies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and 
(b) of the Law 130/99. 
Specific Criteria means the criteria for the selection of the receivables to be included in the 
Subsequent Portfolios and/or Further Portfolios to which such criteria are applied, set forth in 
Schedule 1, Part II, to the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Subsequent Portfolios means any portfolio of Eligible Assets which may be purchased by the 
Guarantor in order to allow Mediobanca to issue other Series of Covered Bonds during the 
Revolving Period pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Purchase 
Agreement. 
The Receivables transferred and to be transferred from time to time to the Guarantor pursuant 
to the Master Purchase Agreement will meet the following criteria on each relevant Transfer 
Date.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Each of the receivables deriving from the Mortgage Loans forming part of the Cover Pool shall 
comply with all of the following criteria (the “Mortgage Loans General Criteria”): 
1. 
receivables arising from loans advanced by, or purchased by, Mediobanca Premier S.p.A. 
(formerly CheBanca! S.p.A., Micos S.p.A. and Micos Banca S.p.A.);  
2. 
receivables arising from residential mortgage loans and non residential mortgage loans 
meeting the requirements of Article 7-novies, paragraph 2, letter (a) of the Law 130/99; 
3. 
mortgage receivables, in respect of which the ratio between the loan’s amount 
outstanding added to the principal amount outstanding of any higher ranking mortgage 
loans secured by the same property does not exceed on the Valuation Date the 
percentage provided in Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (d) of the CRR for the residential 
mortgage loans or the percentage provided in Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (f) of the 
CRR for the non residential mortgage loans; 
4. 
receivables that did not provide at the time of disbursement for any subsidy or other 
benefit in relation to principal or interest (mutui agevolati); 
5. 
receivables that have not been granted to public entities (enti pubblici), clerical entities 
(enti ecclesiastici) or public consortium (consorzi pubblici); 
6. 
receivables that are not consumer loans (crediti al consumo);  
7. 
receivables that are not a mutuo agrario pursuant to Articles 43, 44 and 45 of the 
Banking Act;  
8. 
receivables that are secured by a mortgage created, in accordance with the laws and 
regulations applicable from time to time, over real estate assets sited in the Republic of 
Italy;  
9. 
receivables the payment of which is secured by a first ranking mortgage (ipoteca di 
primo grado economico), such term meaning (i) a first ranking mortgage or (ii) a second 
or subsequent ranking priority mortgage in respect of which (A) the mortgage(s) ranking 
prior to such second or subsequent mortgage has been formally consented by the 
relevant lender to the total cancellation; or (B) the obligations secured by the 
mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or subsequent mortgage have been fully 
satisfied; or (C) the lender secured by the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or 
subsequent mortgage is Mediobanca Premier (even if the obligations secured by such 
ranking priority mortgage(s) have not been fully satisfied) provided that the relevant 
receivables secured by such second or subsequent ranking priority mortgages meet the 
Mortgage Loans General Criteria;  
10. 
receivables in respect to which the hardening period (periodo di consolidamento) 
applicable to the relevant mortgage has expired and the relevant mortgage is not capable 
of being cancelled pursuant to Article 166 of the Insolvency Law and, if applicable, of 
Article 39, fourth paragraph, of the Banking Act; 
11. 
receivables that are fully disbursed and in relation to which there is no obligation or 
possibility to make additional disbursement;  
12. 
receivables that, as of the transfer date, did not have any instalment pending for more 
than 30 days from its due date and in respect of which all other previous instalments due 
before the transfer day have been fully paid;

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
13. 
receivables that are governed by Italian Law; 
14. 
receivables that have been granted to individuals (persone fisiche) that as of the relevant 
Valuation Date were not employees of companies included in the Mediobanca Group or 
of the different bank originating the loans from which such receivables arise; 
15. 
receivables that are denominated in Euro (or disbursed in a different currency and then 
re-denominated in Euro); 
16. 
receivables arising from mortgage loan in respect of which at least one instalment (rata) 
is fallen due and paid, including in case of interest instalment; 
17. 
receivables related to loan agreements executed with borrowers that are resident in Italy.  
Each of the receivables deriving from the Public Assets which may form part of the Cover Pool 
shall comply with all of the following criteria (the “Public Assets General Criteria”): 
Exposures to, or guaranteed by, the public entities and other subjects referred to in Article 129, 
paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR. 
The receivables comprised in each Subsequent Portfolio, in each Further Portfolio as well as the 
Eligible Assets transferred to the Guarantor in order to ensure compliance with the Tests and the 
Liquidity Buffer Test shall also comply with the relevant Specific Criteria.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer guaranteed 
by the Guarantor. The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the 
Guarantee until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, serviced by the Representative of 
the Bondholders to the Guarantor of an Issuer Default Notice. The Issuer will not be relying on 
payments by the Guarantor in order to pay interest or repay principal under the Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as 
applicable, ultimate payments to Bondholders: 
(a) 
the Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Mandatory Test is intended to ensure that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to 
pay any interest and principal under the Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
the Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Guarantor's assets in 
respect of the Covered Bonds prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice, applying 
for the purpose of such coverage an Asset Percentage factor determined in order to 
provide a degree of over-collateralisation with respect to the Cover Pool; 
(d) 
the Amortisation Test is periodically performed, following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default and service of an Issuer Event of Default, for the purpose of testing the 
asset coverage of the Guarantor's assets in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(e) 
the Liquidity Buffer Test is intended to ensure that, on a continuing basis, the amount of 
Liquid Assets comprised in the Cover Pool is equal or higher than the maximum 
cumulative Net Liquidity Outlow of the Programme over the next 180 days; 
(f) 
the Swap Agreements are intended to hedge certain interest rate, currency or other risks 
in respect of amounts received and amounts payable by the Guarantor; 
(g) 
a Reserve Account has been established and is credited with an amount equal to the 
Reserve Required Amount on each Guarantor Payment Date. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Guarantee 
The Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed Amounts on the 
Due for Payment Date in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The 
Guarantee will not guarantee any other amount becoming payable in respect of the Covered 
Bonds for any other reason. In this circumstance (and until a Guarantor Event of Default occurs 
and a Guarantor Default Notice is served), the Guarantor's obligations will only be to pay the 
Guaranteed Amounts on the Due for Payment Date. 
See further “Description of the Transaction Documents —Guarantee”, as regards the terms of 
the Guarantee. 
Mandatory Test and Asset Coverage Test 
Under the terms of the Portfolio Management Agreement, the Issuer and the Seller must ensure 
that the Cover Pool is in compliance with the Mandatory Test and Asset Coverage Test described 
below. See section “Description of the Transaction Documents – Portfolio Management 
Agreement”

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Mandatory Test 
Starting from the First Issue Date and until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; 
and  
(ii) 
the date on which a Issuer Default Notice is served on the Guarantor as a consequence of 
an Issuer Event of Default, 
the Issuer and Seller shall procure on a ongoing basis until the service of an Issuer Default 
Notice that each of the following tests is met: 
(i) 
the outstanding aggregate notional amount of the assets comprised in the Cover Pool 
shall be higher than or equal to the aggregate notional amount of all outstanding Series 
of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, provided that the Minimum 
Overcollateralisation Requirement is complied with on an ongoing basis; prior to the 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, this test will be deemed met to the extent that the 
Asset Coverage Test is met (the “Nominal Value Test”); 
(ii) 
the net present value of the Cover Pool, taking into account any Integration Asset and/or 
Liquid Asset in excess of the Integration Limits, transferred pursuant to the Master 
Purchase Agreement and the Portfolio Management Agreement for the purposes of 
complying with the Nominal Value Test, together with the expected cash flows to be 
received by the Guarantor under any hedging arrangement entered into in relation to the 
transaction which comply with the criteria provided in Article 7-decies of the Law 
130/99 and the BoI Regulations (net of the transaction costs to be borne by the 
Guarantor including the Expected Programme Unwind Costs and costs of any hedging 
arrangement entered into in relation to the transaction) shall be at least equal to the net 
present value of the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
(the “NPV Test”); 
(iii) 
the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the assets included in the Cover 
Pool, taking into account any Integration Asset and/or Liquid Asset in excess of the 
Integration Limits, transferred pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement and the 
Portfolio Management Agreement for the purposes of complying with the Nominal Value 
Test, and by any hedging arrangement entered into in relation to the Programme which 
complies with the Criteria provided in Article 7-decies of the Law 130/99 and the BoI 
Regulations (net of the transaction costs to be borne by the Guarantor including the 
expected costs and costs of any hedging arrangement entered into in relation to the 
transaction) taking into account the expected cash flows to be received by the Guarantor 
under any hedging arrangement entered into in relation to the transaction shall be at 
least equal to the interests and costs due by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme (the “Interest Coverage Test” and, together with the Nominal 
Value Test and the NPV Test, the “Mandatory Test”). 
For the purpose of calculating the Mandatory Test: 
(i) 
the Expected Programme Unwind Cost will be calculated as a lump sum in accordance 
with the criteria specified in Schedule 2 of the Portfolio Management Agreement;

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
(ii) 
the Liquid Assets shall contribute to the calculation of the Mandatory Test provided that 
they comply with the conditions fot qualifying as Eligible Assets set out under article 7-
novies, paragraph 1, letter (a), of the Law 130/99; 
(iii) 
the calculation of the interest generated by the Assets included in the Cover Pool and the 
interest due by the Issuer on the Covered Bonds outstanding shall be made on the basis 
of prudent criteria consistent with the applicable accounting principles; 
(iv) 
the methodologies for the calculation of the numerator and denumerator of the 
Mandatory Test are based on criteria consistent with each other. 
The Test Report Provider, on the basis of the information provided to it pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents, shall verify compliance with the Mandatory Test on each Calculation 
Date and on any other date on which the verification of the Mandatory Test is required pursuant 
to the Transaction Documents. 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Nominal Value Test is deemed to be 
met if the Asset Coverage Test (as defined below) is met. Following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default, the Nominal Value Test will be deemed to be met of the Amortisation Test (as 
defined below) is met. 
The calculations performed by the Test Report Provider in respect of the Mandatory Test will be 
tested from time to time by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset 
Monitor Agreement. 
Asset Coverage Test 
Starting from the First Issue Date and until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; 
and  
(ii) 
the date on which a Issuer Default Notice is served on the Guarantor as a consequence of 
an Issuer Event of Default, 
the Issuer and the Seller, pursuant to the terms and conditions set out in the Portfolio 
Management Agreement, undertake to procure that on any Calculation Date the Adjusted 
Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (the “Asset Coverage Test”). The Adjusted 
Aggregate Loan Amount will be calculated as follows: 
A+B+C+D-X-Z 
where, 
A is equal to the lower of (i) and (ii), where:  
(i) 
means the sum of the “LTV Adjusted Principal Balance” of each Mortgage Loan 
which shall be the lower of (1) the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant 
Mortgage Loan in the Cover Pool as calculated on the last day of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period, and (2) the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan 
multiplied by M (where M is: (a) equal to 80 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are not 
Delinquent Assets and Defaulted Assets; (b) equal to 60 per cent. for all Non Residential

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Mortgage Loans that are not Delinquent Assets and Defaulted Assets; (c) equal to 50 per 
cent. for all the Delinquent Assets; and (d) equal to 0 per cent. for all Defaulted Assets) 
minus  
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions occurred during the previous Collection 
Period: 
• 
a loan was, in the immediately preceding Collection Period, in breach of the 
representations and warranties (“Affected Loan”). In this event, the aggregate LTV 
Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans will be reduced by an amount equal to 
the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loan; and/or 
• 
the Seller, in any preceding Collection Period, was in breach of any other material 
warranty and/or the Servicer was, in any preceding Collection Period, in breach of a 
material term of the Servicing Agreement. In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted 
Principal Balance of the loans will be reduced, by an amount equal to the resulting 
financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately preceding Collection Period 
(such financial loss to be calculated by the Test Report Provider without double counting 
and to be reduced by any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the Seller 
to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss) (“Breach Related Loss”); 
AND 
(ii)  
means the aggregate “Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance” of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool which in relation to each Mortgage Loan shall be the 
lower of (1) the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period, and (2) the 
Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan multiplied by N (where N is: (x) equal to 
100 per cent. for all Residential Mortgage Loans and all Non Residential Mortgage Loans 
that are not Delinquent Assets and Defaulted Assets and/or (y) equal to 50 per cent. for 
all Delinquent Assets and/or (z) equal to 0 per cent. for all Defaulted Assets) 
minus 
• 
the aggregate sum of (1) the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of the any 
Affected Loan(s) and/or (2) any Breach Related Losses occurred during the previous 
Collection Period; 
• 
the result of which is multiplied by the Asset Percentage (as defined below); 
B  
is equal to the aggregate amount of all cash standing on the Accounts (other than the 
cash standing on the Reserve Account up to the Reserve Required Amount, prior to an 
Issuer Event of Default) as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period 
which will not be applied to buy new Assets or to make payments under the relevant 
Order of Priority as at the relevant Calculation Date (without double counting); 
C  
is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets and 
Liquid Assets (other than the cash referred to under letter “B” above) that are in line 
with the criteria of the Eligible Investments and/or Eligible Investments as at the end of 
the immediately preceding Collection Period; and

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
D  
is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Public Assets as at the end 
of the immediately preceding Collection Period, weighted by a percentage which will be 
determined with the Rating Agency methodology; and 
X  
is equal to nil if the Long-Term IDR assigned by Fitch to the Issuer is at least “BBB” or 
the Short-Term IDR assigned by Fitch to the Issuer is at least “F2”, otherwise the 
Potential Set-Off Amounts; and 
Z  
is the item resulting from the aggregate amount of the following figures for all the 
Covered Bonds outstanding: 
 (i) the Residual Maturity of the relevant Covered Bond outstanding;  
multiplied by  
 (ii) the relative (EUR Equivalent) Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Covered Bond; 
and 
multiplied by 
 (iii) the relative Negative Carry Factor of the relevant Covered Bond. 
Residual Maturity means the residual maturity of the relevant Covered Bond expressed in 
days and divided by 365. 
Negative Carry Factor means (i) nil if the relevant Covered Bond has a corresponding Cover 
Pool Swap structured as Total Balance Guaranteed Swap, otherwise (ii) a percentage calculated 
by reference to the weighted average margin of the Covered Bonds and will, in any event, be not 
less than 0.5 per cent. 
Asset Percentage means (i) 84 per cent. or (ii) such lesser percentage figure as determined 
from time to time by the Test Report Provider (on behalf of the Guarantor and in accordance 
with the Rating Agency’s methodology) and notified to the Rating Agency and the Representative 
of the Bondholders, provided that the Asset Percentage may not, at any time, be higher than 84 
per cent. 
The Guarantor (or the Test Report Provider on its behalf) will, on the Calculation Date, send 
notification to the Rating Agency and the Representative of the Bondholders of the percentage 
figure selected by it, being the difference between 100 per cent. and the amount of credit 
enhancement required to maintain the then current ratings of the covered bonds.  
The Asset Percentage will be adjusted from time to time in order to ensure that sufficient credit 
enhancement will be maintained.  
Potential Set-Off Amounts means an amount calculated on a quarterly basis by the Servicer 
and communicated to the Rating Agency as a percentage of the Cover Pool that the Servicer 
determines as potentially subject to set-off risk by the relevant Debtors, taking into consideration 
the portion of the Debtors having current and deposit accounts opened with the Seller. 
The Amortisation Test 
For so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, on each Calculation Date following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default, the 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount shall be equal to or higher than the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (the “Amortisation Test”).

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
For the purpose of calculating the Amortisation Test the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan 
Amount means an amount equal to  
 
A+B+C+D-Z 
where: 
A is the lower of: 
(1) 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of each Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last 
day of the immediately preceding Collection Period multiplied by M; and 
(2) 
the Latest Valuation multiplied by M,  
where M is: (i) equal to 100 per cent. for all the Residential Mortgage Loans and all the Non 
Residential Mortgage Loans that are not Delinquent Assets and Defaulted Assets; (ii) equal to 50 
per cent. for all the Delinquent Assets; and (iii) equal to 0 per cent. for all the Defaulted Assets; 
B the aggregate amount of all cash standing on the Accounts as at the end of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period which will not be applied to make payments under the relevant 
Order of Priority as at the relevant Calculation Date; 
C is the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets and Liquid Assets 
(other than the cash referred to under letter “B” above) that are in line with the criteria of the 
Eligible Investments and/or Eligible Investments as at the end of the immediately preceding 
Collection Period;  
D is the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Public Assets as at the end of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; and 
Z is the item resulting from the aggregate amount of the following figures for all the Covered 
Bonds outstanding: 
 (i) the Residual Maturity of the relevant Covered Bond outstanding;  
multiplied by  
 (ii) the relative (EUR Equivalent) Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Covered Bond; 
and 
multiplied by 
 (iii) the relative Negative Carry Factor of the relevant Covered Bond.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
The Test Report Provider shall verify on behalf of the Guarantor compliance with the 
Amortisation Test on each Calculation Date following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default and on any other date on which the verification of the Amortisation Test is required 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents and shall inform the Representative of the Bondholders 
if a breach of the Amortisation Test has occurred. 
Should a breach of the Amortisation Test occur after an Issuer Event of Default, the 
Representative of the Bondholders may but shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Bondholders, serve to the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor the Guarantor Default 
Notice if such a breach is not cured within the following Calculation Date. 
Liquidity Buffer Test 
Pursuant to article 7-duodecies of the Law 130/99 and the implementing measures of the 
Bank of Italy Regulations, until the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds 
issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance 
with the Conditions, the Issuer and Seller shall procure on a ongoing basis that the amount of 
Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool (including the amounts from time to time standing 
to the credit of the Accounts) is equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative Net 
Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 days, provided that for the purposes of 
calculating the Net Liquidity Outflows, the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bond shall be deemed to be due on the relevant Extended Maturity Date (where applicable) 
and not on the relevant Maturity Date (the “Liquidity Buffer Test”). 
For the purposes of such paragraph, “Net Liquidity Outflow” means all payment outflows 
falling due on one day, including principal and interest payments, net of all payment inflows 
falling due on the same day for claims related to the Cover Pool, calculated in accordance with 
article 7-duodecies of the Law 130/99 and Title I-bis, Section III, paragraph 3, of the Bank of 
Italy Regulation. It is understood that, when the Maturity Date of a Series is extended to the 
relevant Extended Maturity Date, the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Series to be 
taken into account shall be based on the relevant Extended Maturity Date and not on the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
The Test Report Provider shall verify that, on each Calculation Date, the Liquidity Buffer Test is 
met. 
Integration Limits 
Until the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions, the 
Issuer and Seller shall procure on a ongoing basis that the aggregate amount of Integration 
Assets ans/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool are not in excess of the limits set forth 
under article 129 paragraph 1(a) of the CRR (the “Integration Limits”). It is understood 
that pursuant to article 129 paragraph 3(a) of the CRR the Integration Limits shall not apply 
to transfer of Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets made for the purposes of complying 
with the Nominal Value Test.  
The Test Report Provider shall verify that on each Calculation Date that the Integration Limits 
are met. 
Without prejudice to the above and to the provisions of the NPV Test and the Interest 
Coverage Test, it is understood that any Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of 
the Integration Limits shall not be computed for the purposes of the calculation of the Tests.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Required Reserve Amount 
Required Reserve Amount means an amount which will be determined, initially, on each 
Issue Date for the relevant Series of Covered Bond and then on each Calculation Date and which 
will be equal to the aggregate amount of (a) one fourth of the annual amount payable under 
items (ii) and (iv) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment; and (b) any 
interest amounts due on the Covered Bond on the next CB Payment Date.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS 
The following accounts shall be established and maintained with the Account Bank for so long as 
it qualifies as an Eligible Institution as separate accounts in the name of the Guarantor. 
Find below a description of the deposits and withdrawals in respect of the accounts: 
(a) 
the “Collection Account” (IBAN No. IT82Y1063101600000070201377) 
(i) 
Payments into the Collection Account. No later than 12:00 a.m. (CET) of 
the second Business Day following the relevant date of receipt, any principal and 
interest payment in relation to the Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets comprised in the Cover Pool received by the Servicer on 
behalf of the Guarantor pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, will be deposited 
into the Collection Account. 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Collection Account. (A) At least on a weekly basis 
all funds then standing to the credit of the Collection Account will be transferred 
to the Transaction Account by the Cash Manager; (B) at the end of any 
Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the Collection 
Account will be transferred to the Transaction Account. 
(b) 
The Expenses Account (IBAN No. IT78T1063101600000070201380) 
(i) 
Payments into the Expenses Account. (A) On the First Issue Date the 
Retention Amount will be credited on the Expenses Account; (B) on each 
Guarantor Payment Date monies will be credited to the Expenses Account in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments until the balance of such 
account equals the Retention Amount; 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Expenses Account. (A) the Guarantor will use the 
funds standing to the credit of the Expenses Account to make payments relating 
to any and all documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid 
during the period comprised between a Guarantor Payment Date and the 
immediately subsequent Guarantor Payment Date pursuant to the instructions 
of the Corporate Servicer; and (B) at the end of any Collection Period, the 
interest accrued on the credit balance of the Expenses Account, if any, will be 
transferred to the Transaction Account. 
Retention Amount means Euro 50,000. 
(c) 
The Quota Capital Account 
(i) 
Payments into the Quota Capital Account. All the capital contributions of 
each quotaholder in the Guarantor and any interest accrued thereon are credited 
to the Quota Capital Account. 
(d) 
The Reserve Account (IBAN No. IT09W1063101600000070201383) 
(i) 
Payments into the Reserve Account. On each Guarantor Payment Date the 
Reserve Account will be credited with the proceeds of Interest Available Funds 
according to the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments for the 
purpose of refilling, on each Guarantor Payment Date, such account up to the 
relevant Required Reserve Amount.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Reserve Account 
(A) 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of an Issuer Default 
Notice, the funds standing to the credit of the Reserve Account in excess of 
the Required Reserve Amount will be applied by the Cash Manager as 
Interest Available Funds according to the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments. 
(B) 
Following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor will apply 
all the funds standing to the Reserve Account as Available Funds in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
(C) 
At the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit 
balance of the Reserve Account will be transferred to the Transaction 
Account. 
(e) 
The Securities Account (No. IT55U1063101600000070201381) 
(i) 
Payments into the Securities Account. All securities constituting Eligible 
Investments purchased by the Investment Manager (on behalf of the Guarantor) 
with the amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account and the 
Reserve Account, pursuant to any order of the Guarantor, and all Assets 
consisting of Liquid Assets and Integration Assets (other than cash deposits) will 
be deposited on such account. 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Securities Account. (A) Not later than 10:00 
(London time) of the first Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, 
the Eligible Investments standing to the credit of the Securities Account will be 
liquidated and proceeds credited to the Transaction Account (other than an 
amount equal to the Required Reserve Amount provided that an Issuer Event of 
Default has not occurred); and (B) the Assets consisting of Liquid and 
Integration Assets (other than cash deposits) will be liquidated in accordance 
with the Portfolio Management Agreement and proceeds credited to the 
Transaction Account promptly upon liquidation; and (C) at the end of any 
Collection Period, the interest accrued on the investments standing to the credit 
balance of the Securities Account will be transferred to the Transaction Account. 
Eligible Investments means the Euro denominated senior (unsubordinated) 
debt securities or other debt instruments, provided that, in all cases:  
(a)  
such investments are immediately repayable on demand, disposable 
without penalty or have a maturity date falling on or before the third 
Business Day preceding the Guarantor Payment Date immediately 
succeeding the Collection Period in respect of which such eligible 
investments were made;  
(b) 
such investments provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such 
amount not being lower than the initially invested amount) or in case of 
repayment or disposal, the principal amount upon repayment or disposal 
is at least equal to the principal amount invested and cannot include any 
embedded options (unless full payment of principal is paid in cash upon 
the exercise of the embedded option); 
(c) 
such debt securities or other debt instruments having at least:

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
(1)  
“BBB” or ”F2”, for investments maturing up to 30 days; 
(2) 
“AA-” or “F1+”, for investments maturing from 30 days to 365 
days; 
(d) 
a Euro denominated time deposit (including, for avoidance of any doubt, a 
term deposit) opened with the Account Bank or any other Eligible 
Institution; and 
(e) 
repurchase transactions between the Guarantor and an Eligible 
Institution in respect of Euro denominated debt securities or other debt 
instruments having the rating requirements specified under paragraph (c) 
above, provided that (i) title to the securities underlying such repurchase 
transactions (in the period between the execution of the relevant 
repurchase transactions and their respective maturity) effectively passes 
to the Guarantor and the obligations of the relevant counterparty are not 
related to the performance of the underlying securities, (ii) such 
repurchase transactions have a maturity date falling on or before the third 
Business Day preceding the Guarantor Payment Date immediately 
succeeding the Collection Period in respect of which such eligible 
investments were made, 
provided that any such investments shall comply with the requirements under 
Article 129 of the CRR. 
(f) 
The Transaction Account (IBAN No. IT59Z1063101600000070201378) 
(i) 
Payments into the Transaction Account. 
(A) 
At least on a weekly basis all funds standing to the credit of the Collection 
Account will be transferred to the Transaction Account by the Cash 
Manager; 
(B) 
any amounts whatsoever received by or on behalf of the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Swap Agreements will be credited to the Transaction 
Account; 
(C) 
all other payments paid to the Guarantor under any of the Transaction 
Documents including - for the avoidance of doubt – any indemnity paid by 
the Seller in accordance with the Master Purchase Agreement will be 
credited to the Transaction Account; 
(D) 
the revenue of the Eligible Investments; 
(E) 
any interest accrued on any of the Accounts (other than the Quota Capital 
Account). 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Transaction Account. 
(A) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager will make those 
payments as are indicated in the relevant Payments Report. 
(B) 
No later than 12.00 am (CET) of the first Business Day immediately 
preceding a Due for Payment Date, the Cash Manager will transfer to the 
Paying Agent the amounts necessary to execute payments of interests and

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
principal due by the Guarantor under the Guarantee in relation to the 
outstanding Covered Bonds. 
The Collection Account, the Securities Account, the Reserve Account, the Transaction 
Account the Expenses Account are jointly referred to as the “Accounts”. 
No payment may be made out of the Accounts which would thereby cause or result in 
any such account becoming overdrawn.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Master purchase agreement 
On 30 November, 2011, pursuant to a master purchase agreement entered into between the 
Seller and the Guarantor, as lastly amended and restated on 21 September 2023 in order to make 
the Programme compliant with the new legal framework of the Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and 
the BoI Regulations (the “Master Purchase Agreement”), the Seller has assigned to the 
Guarantor, pursuant and for the purposes of the art. 4 and art. 7-bis of the Law 130/1999, a first 
portfolio of receivables arising from the Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements (the “Initial 
Portfolio”) in order to allow the issue of the First Series of Covered Bond by the Issuer; (ii) the 
parties have agreed the terms and conditions related to the assignment of subsequent portfolios 
of receivables arising from the Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements (the “Subsequent 
Portfolios”) in order to collateralise and allow the issue of further Series of Covered Bond by 
the Issuer in the context of the Programme, (iii) the parties have agreed the terms and conditions 
related to the assignment on a revolving basis of further portfolios of receivables arising from the 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements (the “Further Portfolios”) to be paid out of Principal 
Available Funds, and (iv) the parties have agreed integration and substitution procedures in 
relation to the Assets included from time to time in the Cover Pool in compliance with the 
Covered Bonds Law. 
Initial Portfolio 
The Initial Portfolio transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor according to the Master Purchase 
Agreement consisted of receivables arising from Residential Mortgage Loans only. Each 
Residential Mortgage Loan included in the Initial Portfolio shall comply with the mortgage loans 
general criteria indicated in the Annex 1 – Part I to the Master Purchase Agreement (the 
“Mortgage Loans General Criteria”) and with the specific criteria of the Initial Portfolio 
indicated in the Annex 1 – Part II to the Master Purchase Agreement (the “Specific Criteria of 
the Initial Portfolio”). 
The purchase price payable for the Initial Portfolio was equal to the aggregate Individual 
Purchase Price of all the receivables deriving from the Residential Mortgage Loans included in 
the Initial Portfolio. The Individual Purchase Price is equal to (i) the book value (ultimo valore di 
iscrizione in bilancio) as of the most recent audited balance sheet - net of the relevant collections 
made by the Seller – on which the auditing firm had no reservations, or (ii) the value given by 
the Seller as certified by an auditing firm pursuant to which there are no grounds to consider the 
estimate criteria used for the calculation of the relevant purchase price not in line with those 
used by the Seller for the annual balance sheet (bilancio di esercizio). 
The purchase price of the Initial Portfolio was paid by the Guarantor - out of the advances of the 
Initial Subordinated Loan - on the First Issue Date. 
Subsequent Portfolios and Further Portfolios 
In order to collateralise and allow Mediobanca to issue further Series of Covered Bond in the 
context of the Programme, during the Revolving Period the Seller may transfer from time to time 
to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor shall purchase from the Seller, subsequent portfolios (the 
“Subsequent Portfolios”), provided that the internal Limits to the Transfer (Limiti alla 
Cessione, see Part III, Chapter III, Section IV of the BoI Regulations) are met. 
Until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default the Seller may from time to time transfer to 
the Guarantor, and the Guarantor shall purchase from the Seller, further portfolios (the

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
“Further Portfolios”) in order to allow Guarantor to invest the Principal Available Funds 
pursuant to the applicable Priority of Payments provided that the following conditions are 
satisfied: 
(i) 
there are sufficient Principal Available Funds to be applied pursuant to the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments;  
(ii) 
the compliance with the Asset Coverage Test, the Liquidity Buffer Test, the Integration 
Limits and the Mandatory Test. 
The Subsequent Portfolios and the Further Portfolios to be transferred to the Guarantor 
according to the Master Purchase Agreement may consist, from time to time, not only of 
receivables arising from the Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements, but also of Assets arising 
from: 
(i) 
Non Residential Mortgage Loans; and 
(ii) 
Public Assets,  
provided that the Rating Agency (i) will have been previously notified by the parties and (ii) 
Fitch will have confirmed in writing the current ratings of the then outstanding Covered Bonds. 
The Residential Mortgage Loans, the Non Residential Mortgage Loans and the Public Assets are 
jointly defined as the “Eligible Assets”. 
Each Eligible Asset included in each Subsequent Portfolio and in each Further Portfolio shall 
comply with: (i) the Mortgage Loans General Criteria and/or the Public Assets General Criteria 
(as the case may be); (ii) the specific criteria of the Subsequent and Further Portfolios indicated 
in the Annex 1 – Part II to the Master Purchase Agreement (the “Specific Criteria of the 
Subsequent and Further Portfolios”); and (iii) the further criteria agreed between the 
Seller and the Guarantor and specified in the Schedule B to the relevant Transfer Proposal (the 
“Further Criteria”). 
The purchase price payable for each Subsequent Portfolio and each Further Portfolio will be 
equal to the aggregate Individual Purchase Price of all the Eligible Assets included in the 
Subsequent Portfolio and the Further Portfolio. The Individual Purchase Price will be equal to (i) 
the book value (ultimo valore di iscrizione in bilancio) as of the most recent audited balance 
sheet - net of the relevant collections made by the Seller – on which the auditing firm had no 
reservations, or (ii) the value given by the Seller as certified by an auditing firm pursuant to 
which there are no grounds to consider the estimate criteria used for the calculation of the 
relevant purchase price not in line with those used by the Seller for the annual balance sheet 
(bilancio di esercizio). 
Under the Master Purchase Agreement the parties may agree to use different criteria for the 
calculation of the Individual Purchase Price in relation to the Eligible Assets included in each 
Subsequent Portfolio and in each Further Portfolio in order to conform to any relevant law, 
regulation or interpretation of any authority (including, without limitation, the Bank of Italy, the 
Minister of Economy and the Agenzia delle Entrate), which may be enacted with respect to the 
Covered Bonds Law. 
The Purchase Price of each Subsequent Portfolio shall be paid by the Guarantor - out of the 
advances of the Subsequent Subordinated Loan - on the relevant Issue Date, provided that the 
relevant Publicity has been complied with.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
The Purchase Price of each Further Portfolio shall be paid by the Guarantor - out of Principal 
Available Funds - on the latest between (a) the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, provided that 
the relevant Publicity has been complied with, and (b) the date on which the relevant Publicity 
has been complied with. 
Integration of the Cover Pool 
The integration of the Cover Pool shall be allowed solely for the purpose of complying with the 
Mandatory Test, the Integration Limits, the Liquidity Buffer Test and the other tests provided for 
in the Transaction Documents. 
The integration of the Cover Pool shall be carried out through the Integration Assets and Liquid 
Assets provided that, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets shall not be, at any time, 
higher than the limits set forth under Article 129, paragraph 1(a) of the CRR (the “Integration 
Limits”). 
Integration Assets means the assets referred to in article 129, paragraph 1, letter c) of the CRR 
(as may be amended or supplemented from time to time), being, as the date hereof, exposures to 
credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or credit quality step 2, or exposures to 
credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 where those exposures are in the form of:  
(i) 
short‐term deposits with an original maturity not exceeding 100 days, where used to 
meet the cover pool liquidity buffer requirement of Article 16 of Directive (EU) 2019/2162; or  
(ii) 
derivative contracts that meet the requirements of Article 11(1) of that Directive, where 
permitted by the competent authorities. 
Liquid Assets means the assets identified under article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letter a) and 
letter b), of the Law 130/99, as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time, being 
as at the date hereof: 
(i) 
high quality liquid assets pursuant to the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/61, adopted pursuant of article 460 of the CRR, which are not been issued by the bank 
itself, by its parent company, (except that the latter is a public sector body other than one bank), 
by a subsidiary of the issuing bank, by another subsidiary of the parent company or by a 
securitisation vehicle with which the bank has close links; and 
(ii) 
exposures with an original term equal to or less than 90 (ninety) days to banks that are 
classified in the merit classes of credit 1 or 2 or short-term deposits with any bank classified in 
credit quality steps 1, 2 or 3, pursuant to the provisions of article 129, paragraph 1, letter c), of 
the CRR, as amended by Regulation (EU) no. 2160/2019, 
provided that such assets satisfy the requirements to qualify as Eligible Investments. 
The Purchase Price of the Integration Assets and Liquid Assets shall be paid by the Guarantor - 
out of the advances of the Subordinated Loans or, but only for the purposes to cure a breach of 
the Interest Coverage Test, out of the Principal Available Funds – on the date specified in the 
relevant Transfer Proposal provided that the formalities from time to time necessary to the 
perfection of the assignment of the relevant Integration Asset and/or Liquid Asset have been 
complied with. If the assignment of Integration Assets is carried out to prevent or cure the 
breach of the Integration Limits, the Purchase Price shall be entirely funded out of the the 
Principal Available Funds. If the assignment of Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets is 
carried out to prevent or cure the breach of the Tests or the Liquidity Buffer Test, the Purchase 
Price shall be entirely funded out of the advances of the Subordinated Loans.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
Price Adjustments 
The Master Purchase Agreement provides a price adjustment mechanism pursuant to which: 
(a) 
if, following the relevant effective date, any Eligible Asset which is part of the Initial 
Portfolio or of the Subsequent Portfolios and Further Portfolio does not meet the 
Criteria, then such Eligible Asset will be deemed not to have been assigned and 
transferred to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement; 
(b) 
if, following the relevant effective date, any Eligible Asset which meets the Criteria but it 
is not part of the Initial Portfolio or of the Subsequent Portfolio and Further Portfolio, 
then such Eligible Asset shall be deemed to have been assigned and transferred to the 
Guarantor as of the relevant transfer date, pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement . 
Repurchase of the Eligible Assets 
The Seller is granted an option right, pursuant to article 1331 of Italian Civil Code, to repurchase 
Eligible Assets comprised in the Cover Pool, also in different tranches, in accordance with the 
terms and conditions set out in the Master Purchase Agreement. In particular, pursuant to the 
Master Purchase Agreement, the Seller, provided that such repurchase does not result in a 
breach of the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Test and the Integration Limits, will have the right to 
repurchase Eligible Assets transferred to the Guarantor under the Master Purchase Agreement 
if: 
(a) 
such Eligible Assets have became non-eligible; 
(b) 
the repurchase of such Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets is made in order to 
substitute other Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and for the ultimate benefit of 
the Bondholders; 
(c) 
the repurchase of Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets is made in order to ensure the 
compliance of the Cover Pool with the Integration Limits; 
(d) 
the repurchase of Eligible Assets is made in order to ensure the compliance of the Cover 
Pool with the Liquidity Buffer Test; 
(e) 
the repurchase of such Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Asset is 
made in order to reduce, to the extent permitted under the Covered Bonds Law and 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, the overcollateralization of the Cover Pool. 
Portfolio Call 
Under the Master Purchase Agreement, as from the date on which all the Series of Covered 
Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been fully redeemed and until the 
Programme End Date, the Seller is granted an option right, pursuant to Article 1331 of Italian 
Civil Code, to repurchase all the Eligible Assets, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets 
included in the Cover Pool, pursuant to the terms and conditions set out in such Agreement, 
provided that: 
(i) 
all the Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme have been redeemed in full; 
and 
(ii) 
all the claims of the Secured Creditors (other than the Subordinated Lender) against the 
Guarantor have been fully satisfied.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
Representation and Warranties 
Under the Master Purchase Agreement the Seller gives to the Guarantor, inter alia, 
representation and warranties about: (a) its status and powers, (b) the information and the 
documents provided to the Guarantor, (c) its legal title on the Eligible Assets, (d) the status of 
the Eligible Assets, (e) the terms and conditions of the Eligible Assets. 
Pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement, the Seller undertakes to fully and promptly 
indemnify and hold harmless the Guarantor and its officers, directors and agents, from and 
against any and all damages, losses, claims, liabilities, costs and expenses awarded against, or 
incurred by, any of them, arising from any representations and/or warranties made by the Seller 
being actually false, incomplete or incorrect and/or failure by the Seller to perform any of the 
obligations and undertakings assumed by the Seller under the Transaction Documents. 
Undertakings 
The Master Purchase Agreement also contains a number of undertakings by the Seller in respect 
of its activities in relation to the Eligible Assets. The Seller has undertaken, inter alia, to refrain 
from carrying out activities with respect to the Eligible Assets which may prejudice the validity or 
recoverability of any Eligible Assets and in particular not to assign or transfer the Eligible Assets 
to any third party or to create any security interest, charge, lien or encumbrance or other right in 
favour of any third party in respect of the Eligible Assets. The Seller also has undertaken to 
refrain from any action which could cause any of the Eligible Assets to become invalid or to cause 
a reduction in the amount of any of the Eligible Assets.  
Additional Seller 
Under the Master Purchase Agreement, any other entity which is part of the Mediobanca Group 
other than the Seller, may sell Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets to the Guarantor, subject 
to satisfaction of certain conditions, and, for such purpose, shall, inter alia, accede to the Master 
Purchase Agreement by signing an accession letter substantially in the form attached to the 
Master Purchase Agreement and in accordance with the provisions of the Transaction 
Documents. 
Governing Law 
The Master Purchase Agreement is governed by Italian Law. 
Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement  
On 30 November, 2011, the Seller and the Guarantor entered into a subordinated loan 
agreement (the “Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement”), pursuant to which the Seller has 
granted to the Guarantor a subordinated loan (the “Initial Subordinated Loan”) with a 
maximum amount equal to 2,000,000,000. 
Under the provisions of the Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Seller has made available 
to the Guarantor (a) a tranche A of an amount equal to Euro 1,500,000,000.00 (the “Tranche 
A”), for the purposes of providing the Guarantor with the funds necessary to purchase the 
portion of the Initial Portfolio equal to the nominal value of the First Series of the Covered Bonds 
and (b) a tranche B of an amount equal to Euro 500,000,000.00 (the “Tranche B”), for the 
purposes of providing the Guarantor with the funds necessary (i) to purchase the portion of the 
Initial Portfolio in excess of the nominal value of the First Series of Covered Bonds, equal to the 
initial level of the overcollateralization of the Cover Pool, (ii) to purchase further Eligible Assets 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in view of carrying out an integration of the

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
Cover Pool in order to prevent or to cure a breach of the Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Test 
provided for in the Transaction Documents during all the Life of the Programme, (iii) to 
purchase any Eligible Asset which meets the Criteria in relation to the Initial Portfolio but which 
has been not part of the Initial Portfolio (such Eligible Assets shall be deemed to have been 
assigned and transferred to the Guarantor as of the relevant transfer date, pursuant to the 
Master Purchase Agreement), and (iv) to deposit the Retention Amount on the Expenses 
Account. 
The Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement has been amended on 9 October 2013, for the 
purposes of, inter alia, extending the due date for the repayment of the Tranche A on the date on 
which all and any Covered Bonds issued under the second Series have been fully and 
unconditionally repaid. 
The Guarantor shall pay any amounts due under the Subordinated Loan in accordance with the 
relevant Priorities of Payments.  
The advances made by the Seller pursuant to the Subordinated Loan shall be remunerated by the 
Guarantor by way of: 
(a) 
with respect to the advances made under the Tranche A, an amount of interests equal to 
the interests to be paid under the second Series of Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
with respect to the advances made under the Tranche B, the sum of the Reference Rate, 
the Margin and the Premium Interests. 
All and any amounts granted by the Seller under the Subordinated Loan, shall be repayable by 
the Guarantor on or after the date on which all and any Covered Bonds issued under the second 
Series have been fully and unconditionally repaid. 
Notwithstanding the above, the amounts granted by the Seller under the Tranche B of the 
Subordinated Loan shall be repaid in advance, under the circumstances and within the limits 
specified in the Subordinated Loan Agreement, upon receipt by the Guarantor of a request from 
the Seller in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments and provided that such 
repayment does not result in a breach of any of the Tests or the Liquidity Buffer Test. 
Main Definitions 
For the purposes of the Subordinated Loan Agreement: 
Margin means the margin as from time to time established in the Initial Subordinated Loan 
Agreement and in each Subsequent Subordinated Loan Agreement (as defined below). 
Premium Interests means, on any Guarantor Payment Date:  
(A) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive 
difference between (a) the sum of the Interest Available Funds, with respect to the 
immediately preceding Collection Period, and (b) the algebraic sum of the amounts due 
by the Guarantor under items from (i) to (xi) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payments; or 
(B) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default but prior to the occurrence of a 
Guarantor Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive difference between (a) the 
sum of the Available Funds with respect to the immediately preceding Collection Period 
and (b) the algebraic sum of the amounts due by the Guarantor under items from (i) to

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
(ix) (included) of the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments; or 
(C) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, an amount equal to the 
positive difference between (a) the sum of the Available Funds with respect to the 
immediately preceding Collection Period and (b) the algebraic sum of the amounts due 
by the Guarantor under items from (i) to (vii) (included) of the Post-Guarantor Event of 
Default Priority of Payments.  
Reference Rate has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Governing Law  
The Subordinated Loan Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Guarantee 
On or about the Issue Date, the Guarantor issued a guarantee securing the payment obligations 
of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds (the “Guarantee”), in accordance with the provisions of 
the Law 130/99 and of the MEF Decree 310/2006 (then in force). 
Under the terms of the Guarantee, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, and 
service of an Issuer Default Notice to the Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor 
Event of Default, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably has agreed to pay to the 
Representative of the Bondholders (for the benefit of the Bondholders), any amounts due under 
the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds as and when the same were originally due for 
payment by the Issuer. 
Pursuant to Article 7-sexies of Law 130/99, the guarantee provided under the Guarantee is a first 
demand (a prima richiesta), unconditional, irrevocable (irrevocabile) and independent 
guarantee (garanzia autonoma) and therefore provides for direct and independent obligations 
of the Guarantor vis-à-vis the Bondholders and with limited recourse to the Cover Pool, 
irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity, unenforceability or genuineness of any of the 
guaranteed obligations of the Issuer. The provisions of the Italian Civil Code relating to 
fideiussione set forth in articles 1939 (Validità della fideiussione), 1941, paragraph 1 (Limiti 
della fideiussione), 1944, paragraph 2 (Escussione preventiva), 1945 (Eccezioni opponibili dal 
fideiussore), 1955 (Liberazione del fideiussore per fatto del creditore), 1956 (Liberazione del 
fideiussore per obbligazione futura) and 1957 (Scadenza dell'obbligazione principale) shall not 
apply to the Guarantee. 
Should the Issuer become subject to an Article 74 Event, the Guarantor shall directly provide to 
the payments due by the Issuer to the Bondholders during the Suspension Period on the relevant 
Due for Payment Date. If, following the service of an Issuer Default Notice consisting of an 
Article 74 Event, such event is cured and no other Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of 
Default has occurred, then the Representative of the Bondholders (to the extent it has knowledge 
thereof, pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement) will deliver to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Asset Monitor the Article 74 Event Cure Notice informing such parties that 
the Article 74 Event has been revoked and the Guarantor’s obligation to make payment of the 
Guaranteed Amounts in accordance with Clause 7.2 of the Guarantee shall cease to apply until 
the Guarantee is newly enforced by the Representative of the Bondholders in accordance with 
the provisions of the Guarantee and therefore the Issuer shall resume responsibility for meeting 
the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Should the Issuer become subject to the administrative liquidation (liquidazione coatta

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
amministrativa) pursuant to Article 80 and ff. of the Banking Act, or, to the extent permissible 
by law, to resolution (risoluzione), the payments due by the Issuer in favour of the Bondholders 
under the Terms and Conditions shall be directly made by the Guarantor on any Due for 
Payment Date. 
In case of administrative liquidation of the Issuer, the Guarantor shall exercise, on an exclusive 
basis and in compliance with the provisions of Article 7-quaterdecies of the Law 130/99, the 
rights of the Bondholders against the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be 
part of the Available Funds. 
Following the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of 
a Guarantor Event of Default, the Guarantor will make payments of the relevant Guaranteed 
Amounts pursuant to Guarantee on the relevant Due for Payment Date, subject to and in 
accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and the service, by the Representative 
of the Bondholders, of a Guarantor Default Notice, all Covered Bonds will accelerate against the 
Guarantor, becoming due and payable, and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves and 
the Guarantor shall pay the relevant Guaranteed Amounts for all outstanding Covered Bonds on 
the relevant Due for Payment Date, subject to and in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event 
of Default Priority of Payment. 
For the purposes of the Guarantee: 
Article 74 Event means the issuance of a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Banking Act in 
respect of the Issuer. 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice means the notice to be served by the Representative of the 
Bondholders on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor, stating that the Article 74 
Event has been revoked. 
Due for Payment Date means (a) a Scheduled Due for Payment Date (as defined below) or (b) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the date on which the Guarantor 
Default Notice is served on the Guarantor. If the Due for Payment Date is not a Business Day, 
Due for Payment Date will be the next Business Day. 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts means any additional amounts relating to default 
interest or interest upon interest payable by the Issuer. 
Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts means any additional amounts relating to 
prepayments, early redemption, broken funding indemnities, or penalties payable by the Issuer. 
Guaranteed Amounts means (a) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, with 
respect to any Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to (i) the Scheduled 
Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Schedule Due for Payment 
Date or any other amounts due and payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds pursuant to 
the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms and (ii) all amounts payable by the 
Guarantor under the Transaction Documents ranking senior to any payment due in respect of 
the Covered Bonds according to the applicable Priority of Payments, or (b) after the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, an amount equal to (i) the relevant Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined and specified in the Terms and Conditions) plus all accrued and unpaid interests and all 
other amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all Excluded 
Scheduled Interest Amounts and all Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
arose), and (ii) all amounts payable by the Guarantor under the Transaction Documents ranking 
senior to any payment due in respect to the Covered Bonds according to the applicable Priority of 
Payments. The Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount that was timely paid by or 
on behalf of the Issuer to the Bondholders to the extent it has been clawed back and recovered 
from the Bondholders by the receiver or liquidator, in bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar 
proceedings for the Issuer named or identified in the order, and has not been paid or recovered 
from any other source (the “Clawed Back Amounts”). 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date means: 
(i) 
(a) the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant Guaranteed 
Amounts is reached, and (b) only with respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date 
immediately after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the later of (i) the day 
which is two Business Days following the service of the Issuer Default Notice on the 
Guarantor in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts and (ii) the relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date; or  
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specified that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to 
the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Scheduled Payment Date that 
would have applied if the Maturity Date of such series or tranche of Covered Bonds had 
been the Extended Maturity Date or such other Scheduled Payment Date(s) as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Scheduled Interest means in respect of each Scheduled Payment Date following the service of 
an Issuer Default Notice to the Guarantor, an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest 
which would have been due and payable under the Covered Bonds on such Scheduled Payment 
Date as specified in the Terms and Conditions falling on or after the service of an Issuer Default 
Notice to the Guarantor (but excluding any Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts).  
Scheduled Payment Date means, in relation to any payments due under the Guarantee, each 
CB Payment Date or, if applicable under the relevant Final Terms, each Optional Redemption 
Date.  
Scheduled Principal means in respect of each Scheduled Payment Date following the service 
of an Issuer Default Notice to the Guarantor, an amount equal to the amount in respect of 
principal which would have been due and repayable under the Covered Bonds on such Scheduled 
Payment dates as specified in the Terms and Conditions (but excluding any Excluded Scheduled 
Principal Amount). 
Governing Law 
The Guarantee is governed by Italian law. 
Servicing Agreement 
On 30 November, 2011 the Servicer has agreed, pursuant to the terms of a servicing agreement 
(as lastly amended and restated on 21 September 2023 in order to make the Programme 
compliant with the new legal framework of the Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI 
Regulations) (the “Servicing Agreement”), to administer and service the Assets comprised in 
the Cover Pool, on behalf of the Guarantor.  
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has agreed to perform certain servicing duties in 
connection with the Assets comprised in the Cover Pool, and, in general, the Servicer has agreed 
to be responsible for the management of the Assets and for cash and payment services (soggetto

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
incaricato della riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e di pagamento) in 
accordance with the requirements of the Law 130/99. 
As consideration for activities performed and reimbursement of expenses, the Servicing 
Agreement provides that the Servicer will receive certain fees payable by the Guarantor on each 
Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. 
Servicer's activities 
In the context of the appointment, the Servicer has undertaken to perform, with its best 
diligence, inter alia, the activities specified below: 
(a) 
administration, management and collection of the Assets in accordance with the 
collection policies; management and administration of enforcement proceedings and 
insolvency proceedings; 
(b) 
to perform certain activities with reference to the data processing pursuant to the GDPR 
and the applicable law of the Republic of Italy implementing the GDPR; 
(c) 
to keep and maintain updated and safe the documents relating to the transfer of the 
Assets from the Seller to the Guarantor; to consent to the Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Bondholders to examine and inspect the documents and to draw 
copies; 
(d) 
following (i) the service of a Breach of Test Notice or (ii) the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default, the Servicer may sell (in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor) 
certain Assets comprised in the Cover Pool, in accordance with the Portfolio 
Management Agreement, in the interest of the Bondholders.  
The Servicer is entitled to delegate the performance of certain activities to third parties, except 
for the supervisory activities in accordance with Bank of Italy regulations of August 5, 1996, No. 
216, as amended and supplemented. Notwithstanding the above, the Servicer shall remain fully 
liable for the activities performed by a party so appointed by the Servicer, and shall maintain the 
Guarantor fully indemnified for any losses, costs and damages incurred for the activity 
performed by a party so appointed by the Servicer. 
Servicer Reports 
The Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit quarterly reports to the Guarantor, the 
Seller, the Issuer, the Asset Monitor, the Rating Agency, the Calculation Agent, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Swap Counterparties and the Representative of the Bondholders, in the form set out 
in the Servicing Agreement, containing information as to the Collections made in respect of the 
Assets during the preceding Collection Period. The reports will provide the main information 
relating to the Servicer's activity during the period. 
Successor Servicer 
According to the Servicing Agreement, the Guarantor, upon the occurrence of a termination 
event, shall have the right to withdraw the appointment of the Servicer at any time and to 
appoint a different entity (the “Successor Servicer”). Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, 
the Guarantor has undertaken to appoint the Successor Servicer immediately after the 
occurrence of a termination event. The Successor Servicer shall undertake to carry out the 
activity of administration, management and collection of the Assets, as well as all other activities 
provided for in the Servicing Agreement by entering into a servicing agreement having

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
substantially the same form and contents as the Servicing Agreement and accepting the Terms 
and Conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The Guarantor may terminate the Servicer's appointment and appoint a Successor Servicer 
following the occurrence of any of the termination events (each a “Servicer Termination 
Event”). 
The Servicer Termination Events include inter alia: 
(a) 
failure to transfer, deposit or pay any amounts due by the Servicer to the Guarantor, 
which failure continues for a period of 3 Business Days following the earliest of (a) the 
date on which the Servicer has recognised such failure and (b) the date on which the 
Servicer has received a written notice from the Guarantor requiring the relevant 
amounts to be transferred, paid or deposited; 
(b) 
an insolvency, liquidation or winding up event occurs with respect to the Servicer, or a 
resolution of the board of directors of the Servicer has been adopted in order to obtain 
the admission of the Servicer to any insolvency proceedings; 
(c) 
failure from Mediobanca Premier to observe or perform duties under the Servicing 
Agreement, the Master Purchase Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to 
which Mediobanca Premier is a party, which failure (i) – on the reasonable opinion of 
the Representative of the Bondholders – is able to substantially prejudice the interests of 
the Bondholders and (ii) is not remedied by the Servicer within 5 Business Days from the 
date on which such failure has occurred; and 
(d) 
any representation and warranty of the Servicer contained in the Servicing Agreement 
shall prove to have been incorrect or incomplete with a prejudicial effect for the 
Guarantor and/or for the Programme, provided that these circumstances has not been 
cured within a 20 days period. 
In the event that the rating of Mediobanca has been downgraded by Fitch below “BBB” (with 
reference to its Long-Term IDR) and “F2” (with reference to its Short-Term IDR) and the 
relevant remedies provided in the Portfolio Management Agreement to be carried out by the 
Seller and the Issuer have been not satisfied, the Servicer shall, within 30 days from the date on 
which the events sub (a) and (b) have occurred, alternatively, to: 
(i) 
 mitigate the Set-Off Risk entering into a first demand independent guarantee agreement 
(contratto di garanzia autonoma e a prima richiesta), for an aggregate maximum amount 
which will be from time to time equal to the Potential Set-Off Amounts (the 
“Guaranteed Maximum Amount”); or 
(ii) 
 find an entity with a Long-Term IDR at least equal to “BBB” or a Short-Term IDR at 
least equal to “F2” by Fitch, which deposits an amount equal to the Guaranteed 
Maximum Amount on an account opened in the name of Guarantor and for such 
purposes with the Account Bank or, to the extent that the Account Bank ceases to be an 
Eligible Institution, with any Eligible Institution; or 
(iii) 
immediately inform, in compliance with the formalities required by law, all the Debtor to 
carry out any future payments in relation to the Assets crediting the relevant amounts 
directly on the Collection Account. 
For the purposes of the Servicing Agreement:

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
“Set-Off Risk” means the risk that the Debtors lawfully exercise rights of set-off vis-à-vis the 
Guarantor against any amounts payable by the Seller to the Debtors. 
In the event the rating of Mediobanca has been downgraded by Fitch below “BBB-” (with 
reference to its Long-Term IDR) and “F3” (with reference to its Short-Term IDR), the Guarantor, 
by means of the execution of a back-up servicing agreement (the “Back-Up Servicing 
Agreement”), shall appoint a back-up servicer (the “Back-Up Servicer”) which undertakes to 
automatically succed to the Servicer in case of termination of the appointment of the Servicer 
pursuant to the relevant terms and conditions provided for under the Servicing Agreement. The 
effectiveness of the appointment of the Back-Up Servicer is subject to the prior written consent 
of the Representative of the Bondholders. The Guarantor shall give prior notice to the Rating 
Agency of its intention to execute the Back-Up Servicing Agreement. 
Governing Law 
The Servicing Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Corporate Services Agreement 
Pursuant to a corporate services agreement entered into on 21 December, 2023 (the 
“Corporate Services Agreement”), the Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide the 
Guarantor with certain administrative services, including the keeping of the corporate books and 
of the accounting and tax registers. 
Governing Law 
The Corporate Services Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Intercreditor Agreement 
Under the terms of an intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date (as 
amended and restated on 21 September 2023 in order to make the Programme compliant with 
the new legal framework of the Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations) (the 
“Intercreditor Agreement”) among the Guarantor, the Quotaholders, the Seller, the Servicer, 
the Subordinated Lender, the Investment Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of 
the Bondholders, the Asset Monitor, the Cover Pool Swap Provider, the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider, the Account Bank, the Paying Agents, the Test Report Provider, the Interest 
Determination Agent, the Corporate Servicer (collectively, with the sole exclusion of the 
Guarantor and the Quotaholders, the “Secured Creditors”), the parties agreed that all the 
Available Funds of the Guarantor will be applied in or towards satisfaction of the Guarantor's 
payment obligations towards the Bondholders as well as the other Secured Creditors, in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the Bondholders will, subject to 
a Guarantor Event of Default having occurred, ensure that all the Available Funds are applied in 
or towards satisfaction of the Guarantor's payment obligations towards the Bondholders as well 
as the other Secured Creditors, in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority 
of Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to each of the Bondholders and each of the other Secured 
Creditors will be limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor. The Secured Creditors will have a 
claim against the Guarantor only to the extent of the Available Funds, in each case subject to and 
as provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
The Guarantor has granted a general irrevocable mandate to the Representative of the 
Bondholders, in the interest of the Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors (who 
irrevocably agreed to such mandate), under and pursuant to Article 1723, paragraph 2, and 
Article 1726 of the Italian Civil Code, to act in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor on the 
terms and conditions specified in the Intercreditor Agreement, in exercising the rights of the 
Guarantor under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, provided that such powers 
will be exercisable only if the Guarantor fails to timely exercise its rights under the Transaction 
Documents. 
Under the Intercreditor Agreement the parties have agreed that, within the context of the 
Programme, the Subordinated Lender may enter into subsequent subordinated loan agreements 
(each, a “Subsequent Subordinated Loan Agreement”) under which the Subordinated 
Lender will undertake to make available to the Guarantor each of the following:  
(A) 
a subordinated loan agreement containing a Tranche A only, for the purpose of: 
(i) 
reimburse any Tranche B of any subordinated loan agreement executed on or about 
any preceding Issue Date for an amount up to the difference (if positive) between 
(x) the total amount drawn under any Tranche B and (y) the amount of any Tranche 
B necessary to comply with the Tests from time to time applicable; and/or 
(ii) 
to purchase any Subsequent Portfolio; or  
(B) 
a subordinated loan agreement containing, in addition to the Tranche A aforementioned, a 
Tranche B for an amount necessary to comply with the Tests from time to time applicable 
(including any amount necessary to remedy a breach of the Liquidity Buffer Test). 
Apart from the characteristics indicated above, each Subsequent Subordinated Loan Agreement 
will have substantially the same terms and conditions of the Initial Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. A Subsequent Subordinated Loan Agreement has been executed in the context of the 
Programme between the Guarantor and the Subordinated Lender on 6 June 2014. 
Governing Law 
The Intercreditor Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Cash Management Agreement 
On or about the First Issue Date the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Cash Manager, the Account Bank, 
the Paying Agents, the Interest Determination Agent, the Seller, the Servicer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Test Report Provider, the Investment Manager and the Representative of the 
Bondholders entered into a cash management agreement (as amended and restated on 21 
September 2023 in order to make the Programme compliant with the new legal framework of the 
Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations, and subsequently amended on 4 February 
2025, the “Cash Management Agreement”), pursuant to which the Account Bank, the 
Interest Determination Agent, the Cash Manager, the Paying Agents, the Investment Manager 
and the Calculation Agent will provide the Guarantor with certain calculation, notification and 
reporting services together with account handling and cash management services in relation to 
moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the Accounts. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement: 
(a) 
the Account Bank will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor with certain account 
management services and other services in relation to monies standing from time to

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
time to the credit of the Collection Account, the Reserve Account, the Expenses Account 
and the Transaction Account and to securities standing from time to time to the credit of 
the Securities Account; 
(b) 
the Cash Manager will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor, with (i) certain services in 
relation to the management of the monies to be credited or debited on the Expenses 
Account, the Collection Account, the Reserve Account and the Transaction Account and 
(ii) certain payment services to the Guarantor; 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
will provide the Guarantor with calculation services with respect to certain 
calculations, notification and reporting services and, inter alia, will provide the 
Guarantor with a payments report (the “Payments Report”) which will set out 
the Available Funds and the payments to be made on the following Guarantor 
Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
will provide the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders, the 
Cash Manager, the Seller, the Servicer, the Paying Agent, the Italian Account 
Bank, the Account Bank and the Rating Agency with an investor report (the 
“Investor Report”) which will contain certain information relating to the 
immediately preceeding Collection Period; 
(d) 
the Paying Agent will provide the Issuer (prior to an Issuer Event of Default) and the 
Guarantor (following an Issuer Event of Default) with certain payment services in favour 
of the Bondholders; 
(e) 
the Interest Determination Agent will provide certain calculation services to the Issuer 
(prior to an Issuer Event of Default) and the Guarantor (following an Issuer Event of 
Default) in relation to the payment of interest on the Covered Bond; 
(f) 
the Investment Manager will provide the Guarantor with certain services in relation to 
the investment, on behalf of the Guarantor, of funds standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account and the Reserve Account in Eligible Investments. 
Account Bank 
The Collection Account, the Securities Account, the Transaction Account, the Expenses Account, 
the Reserve Account and the Quota Capital Account (together the “Accounts”) have been 
opened in the name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank. 
On or prior to each Settlement Report Date, the Account Bank shall deliver to the Guarantor, the 
Servicer and the Calculation Agent a statement of account (estratto conto) in relation to each of 
the Accounts held by the Guarantor with it setting out the balance (saldo) thereof as of the last 
day of the immediately preceding Collection Period and details of amounts credited to and 
withdrawn from each such Account during such period. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement, it is a necessary requirement that the Account 
Bank shall be an Eligible Institution and failure to so qualify shall constitute a termination event 
thereunder. 
Cash Manager 
The amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts shall be debited and credited by the Cash

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Manager in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Management Agreement. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager shall make on behalf of the Guarantor all 
the payments pursuant to the relevant Priority of Payments (other than the payments under the 
Guarantee which shall be made by the Paying Agent, out of the funds received by the Cash 
Manager on behalf of the Guarantor in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments).  
Calculation Agent 
On each Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent, subject to timely receipt of certain information, 
shall deliver via e-mail to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders, the 
Seller, the Servicer, the Account Bank, the Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparties and the 
Corporate Services Provider the Payments Report with respect to the following Guarantor 
Payment Date.  
On each Investor Report Date, the Calculation Agent, subject to timely receipt of certain 
information, shall deliver via e-mail to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Bondholders, the Cash Manager, the Seller, the Servicer, the Paying Agent, the Account Bank 
and the Rating Agency the Investor Report. 
The Paying Agent 
The Paying Agent will make payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds 
on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. After the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Paying Agent acting upon instruction of the 
Guarantor shall make payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds on 
behalf of the Guarantor.  
Pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement as amended and supplemented from time to time, 
the role of Paying Agent in the context of the Programme will be carried out by Mediobanca, as 
long as it is an Eligible Institution and provided that an Issuer Event of Default has not occurred, 
otherwise BNP Paribas. 
Investment Manager 
The Investment Manager, on the basis of the investment instructions received by the Guarantor, 
shall invest on behalf of the Guarantor funds standing to the credit of the Transaction Account 
and the Reserve Account in Eligible Investments. Subject to compliance with the definition of 
Eligible Investments and the other restrictions set out in the Cash Management Agreement, the 
Cash Manager shall have absolute discretion as to the types and amounts of Eligible Investments 
which it may acquire and as to the terms on which, through whom and on which markets, any 
purchase of Eligible Investments may be effected. 
No later than each Settlement Report Date, the Investment Manager shall deliver to the 
Guarantor, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders and the 
Corporate Services Provider a report (with all the information set out in Schedule 3 hereof) 
setting out details of the Eligible Investments made during the immediately preceding Collection 
Period out of the funds of the Transaction Account and the Reserve Account and the amounts 
(including any profit and return) deriving from the disposal and liquidation of such Eligible 
Investments. 
Termination 
Upon the occurrence of certain events, including the Account Banks or the Paying Agent ceasing

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
to qualify as Eligible Institutions, as better described under the Cash Management Agreement, 
either the Representative of the Bondholders or the Guarantor may terminate the appointment 
of any Agent, as the case may be, under the terms of the Cash Management Agreement. 
Governing Law 
The Cash Management Agreement will be governed by Italian law. 
Portfolio Management Agreement 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Test 
Report Provider, the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Bondholders have entered into 
a portfolio management agreement (as amended and restated on 21 September 2023 in order to 
make the Programme compliant with the new legal framework of the Title 1-bis of the Law 
130/99 and the BoI Regulations, and subsequently amended on 4 February 2025) (the 
“Portfolio Management Agreement”). 
Pursuant to such agreement the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor have undertaken certain 
obligations for the replenishment of the Cover Pool in order to cure a breach of the Tests and the 
Liquidity Buffer Test (as described in detail in section “Credit Structure” above). 
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and until the earlier 
of: 
(i) 
the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; 
and  
(ii) 
the date on which a Issuer Default Notice is served on the Guarantor as a consequence of 
an Issuer Event of Default, 
the Issuer and the Seller have undertaken to procure on a continuing basis that on any 
Calculation Date (a) the Mandatory Test (as described in detail in section “Credit Structure” 
above) is met with respect to the Cover Pool and (b) the Asset Coverage Test (as defined in 
section “Credit Structure” above) is met with respect to the Cover Pool. The Test Report Provider 
shall verify the respect of the Mandatory test and the Asset Coverage Test on behalf of the Issuer 
and the Seller. 
On each Calculation Date following an Issuer Event of Default but prior to a Guarantor Event of 
Default, the Guarantor shall procure that the Amortisation Test (as defined in section “Credit 
structure”) is met. The Test Report Provider shall verify the respect of the Amortisation Test on 
behalf of the Guarantor. 
Pursuant to article 7-duodecies of the Law 130/99 and the implementing measures of the Bank 
of Italy Regulations, until the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in 
the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the 
Conditions, the Issuer and Seller shall procure on a ongoing basis that the amount of Liquid 
Assets included in the Cover Pool (including the amounts from time to time standing to the 
credit of the Accounts) is equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow 
of the Programme over the next 180 days, provided that for the purposes of calculating the Net 
Liquidity Outflows, the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bond shall be deemed to 
be due on the relevant Extended Maturity Date (where applicable) and not on the relevant 
Maturity Date (the “Liquidity Buffer Test”).

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
The Test Report Provider shall verify that, on each Calculation Date, the Liquidity Buffer Test is 
met. 
Until the date on which all Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions, the 
Issuer and Seller shall procure on a ongoing basis that the aggregate amount of Integration 
Assets ans/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool are not in excess of the limits set forth 
under article 129 paragraph 1(a) of the CRR (the “Integration Limits”). It is understood that 
pursuant to article 129 paragraph 3(a) of the CRR the Integration Limits shall not apply to 
transfer of Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets made for the purposes of complying with the 
Nominal Value Test.  
The Test Report Provider shall verify that on each Calculation Date that the Integration Limits 
are met. 
Without prejudice to the above and to the provisions of the NPV Test and the Interest Coverage 
Test, it is understood that any Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of the 
Integration Limits shall not be computed for the purposes of the calculation of the Tests. 
The Test Report Provider shall prepare and deliver to the Issuer, the Seller (and any Additional 
Seller, if any), the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Asset 
Monitor and the Rating Agency, a report  setting out: (A) on each Calculation Date which falls 
prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the calculations carried out by it with respect of 
the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Integration Limits and the Liquidity Buffer 
Test, and (B) on each Calculation Date which falls following the delivery of an Issuer Default 
Notice, the calculations carried out by it with respect of the Amortisation Test, the Liquidity 
Buffer Test and the Integration Limits (the "Test Performance Report"). Such report shall 
specify the occurrence of a breach of the Mandatory Tests and/or the Amortisation Test and/or 
of the Asset Coverage Test and/or the Integration Limits and/or the Liquidity Buffer Test (if 
any). 
Following the notification by the Test Report Provider, in the relevant Test Performance Report, 
of a breach of the Mandatory Test and/or the Asset Coverage Test, the Seller and, to the extent 
that the Seller does not meet such obligation, the Issuer undertake to assign to the Guarantor 
and the Guarantor shall purchase from the Seller (and/or any Additional Seller, if any) or the 
Issuer, as the case may, Eligible Assets in accordance with the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets, in order to ensure that, within the 
Test Grace Period, the relevant Tests are satisfied with respect to the Cover Pool. 
The Guarantor shall comply with the following conditions in selecting the assets to be purchased: 
(i) 
give priority to the purchase of Eligible Assets from the Seller (and/or any Additional 
Seller, if any) and the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
to the extent that the Seller (and/or any Additional Sellers) and the Issuer inform the 
Guarantor that the Eligible Assets available for sale to the Guarantor prior to the expiry 
of the relevant Test Grace Period are not sufficient for the purpose of allowing the Tests 
to be remedied as of the following Calculation Date, the Guarantor will: 
(a) 
purchase Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets from the Seller (and/or any 
Additional Sellers) and the Issuer; and 
(b) 
to the extent the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets purchased in

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
accordance with item (a) above are insufficient, purchase Eligible Assets or 
Integration Assets or Liquid Assets from other entities. 
Should the relevant breach have not been remedied prior to the expiry of the applicable Test 
Grace Period, the Representative of the Bondholders shall deliver a Breach of Test Notice to the 
Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor.  
After the service of a Breach of Test Notice to the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor, the 
Guarantor (or the Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor) may sell any Eligible Assets and 
Integration Assets and Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool, in accordance with the rules set 
out in such Agreement, provided that the Representative of the Bondholders has been duly 
informed.  
Once a Breach of Test Notice has been delivered to the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor, 
should the Mandatory Test and the Asset Coverage Test have not been remedied by the following 
Calculation Date, the Representative of the Bondholders shall deliver an Issuer Default Notice to 
the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor, unless the Representative of the Bondholders, having 
exercised its discretion, resolves otherwise or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed resolving 
otherwise. 
After the service of an Issuer Default Notice to the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor, the 
Guarantor (or the Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor) shall sell any Eligible Assets, Integration 
Assets and Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the rules set out in such 
Agreement, provided that the Representative of the Bondholders has been duly informed.  
It being understood that should a breach of the Amortisation Test occur after an Issuer Event of 
Default, it will determine a Guarantor Event of Default – unless the Representative of the 
Bondholders, having exercised its discretion, resolves otherwise or an Extraordinary Resolution 
is passed resolving otherwise – if it is not cured within the following calculation date. 
Following the notification by the Test Report Provider, in the relevant Test Performance Report, 
of a breach of the Liquidity Buffer Test, the Seller and, to the extent that the Seller does not meet 
such obligation, the Issuer has undertaken to: 
(A) 
prior to an Issuer Event of Default: 
(iv) sell Liquid Assets to the Guarantor in accordance with, and subject to the terms, set 
out in the Master Receivbales Purchase Agreement; and/or 
(v) 
repurchase Assets by exercising the call option provided for under clause 11 of the 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement in accordance with, and subject to the 
terms, set out therein; and/or 
(vi) grant to the Guarantor funds under the Subordinated Loan Agreements in 
accordance with, and subject to the terms, set out therein,  
   in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Liquidity Buffer Test is complied 
with; and 
(B) 
following an Issuer Event of Default, sell (through the Portfolio Manager) Assets in 
accordance with the rules set out in such Agreement. 
Following the notification by the Test Report Provider, in the relevant Test Performance Report, 
of a breach of the Integration Limits, the Seller and, to the extent that the Seller does not meet

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
such obligation, the Issuer has undertaken to assign to the Guarantor and the Guarantor shall 
purchase from the Seller (and/or any Additional Seller, if any) or the Issuer, as the case may be, 
out of the Principal Available Funds, Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets in accordance with the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, in order to ensure that 
the Integration Limits are satisfied with respect to the Cover Pool. 
With respect to any sale to be carried out in accordance with such Agreement, the Guarantor 
may, and after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default shall, instruct a recognised portfolio 
manager (the “Portfolio Manager”) to endeavour - to the extent possible taking into account 
the time left before the Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if applicable) of the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds - to sell or liquidate the Selected Assets included in the Cover Pool. To 
incentivise the Portfolio Manager to achieve the best price for the sale of Eligible Assets and 
Integration Assets and Liquid Assets, the fees of the Portfolio Manager will be determined on the 
basis of its performance. The terms of the agreement giving effect to the appointment of the 
Portfolio Manager in accordance with the tender process shall be approved in writing by the 
Representative of the Bondholders. 
Following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall immediately sell all 
Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance 
with the procedures described above, provided that the Guarantor will instruct the Portfolio 
Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that such sale is carried out as quickly as 
reasonably practicable taking into account the market conditions at that time and subject to any 
right of pre-emption in favour of the Seller under the Master Purchase Agreement and this 
Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale shall be credited to the Transaction Account and 
applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Governing Law 
The Portfolio Management Agreement will be governed by Italian law. 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
Pursuant to an asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date, among, 
inter alia, the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor, the Test Report Provider, the Seller, the Servicer, 
the Issuer and the Representative of the Bondolders (as lastly amended and restated on 21 
September 2023 in order to make the Programme compliant with the new legal framework of the 
Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations) (the “Asset Monitor Agreement”), the 
Asset Monitor will perform certain monitoring and reporting services in favour of the Issuer 
(prior to an Issuer Event of Default) and the Guarantor (after an Issuer Event of Default): subject 
to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Test Report Provider, the Asset Monitor 
has undertaken to conduct independent tests in respect of the calculations performed by the Test 
Report Provider for the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Liquidity Buffer Test, the 
Integration Limits and the Amortisation Test, as applicable with a view to verifying the 
compliance by the Issuer and the Guarantor with such tests.  
The Asset Monitor will be required to conduct such monitoring activities no later than the 
relevant Asset Monitor Report Date (as defined under the Asset Monitor Agreement). On or 
prior to each Asset Monitor Report Date, the Asset Monitor shall deliver to the Issuer and 
Guarantor a report substantially in the form set forth under the Asset Monitor Agreement. The 
Asset Monitor thereby authorises the Issuer (prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice) and 
the Guarantor (after the service of an Issuer Default Notice) to deliver the Asset Monitor Report 
to the Test Report Provider, the Seller and the Representative of the Bondholders. In addition,

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
the Asset Monitor has authorised the Issuer (prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice) and 
the Guarantor (after the service of an Issuer Default Notice) also to send the Asset Monitor 
Report to the Rating Agency, to the extent that the Rating Agency has requested it, and subject to 
the Rating Agency having sent to the Asset Monitor, prior to the first delivery of the Asset 
Monitor Report to the Rating Agency, a release letter confirming that the Rating Agency will not 
be able to rely on any such reports received under the Programme. 
Other than in relation to the verification of the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the 
Amortisation Test, the Asset Monitor is entitled, in the absence of manifest error, to assume that 
all information provided to it under this Agreement is true and correct and is complete and not 
misleading.  
In the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has acknowledged to perform its services 
also for the benefit and in the interests of the Guarantor (to the extent it will carry out the 
services under the appointment of the Issuer) and the Bondholders and accepted that upon 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, it will receive instructions from, provide its services to, and 
be liable vis-à-vis the Guarantor or the Representative of the Bondholders on its behalf.  
The Issuer will pay to the Asset Monitor for the Issuer Services a fee equal to the amount agreed 
in the Engagement Letter. Starting from the Guarantor Payment Date after the service of an 
Issuer Default Notice, subject to and in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payment, the 
provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement and within the limits of the Available Funds, the 
Guarantor will pay to the Asset Monitor a fee for the services to be performed by the Asset 
Monitor in the amount set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement.  
The Issuer and (upon delivery of an Issuer Default Notice) the Guarantor may, subject to the 
prior approval of the Representative of the Bondholders, revoke the appointment of the Asset 
Monitor by giving not less than three months written notice to the Asset Monitor (with a copy to 
the Representative of the Bondholders) or earlier, in the event of a breach of warranties and 
covenants. Pursuant to article 7-sexiesdecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130/99, the Issuer and (upon 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice) the Guarantor shall revoke the appointment of the Asset 
Monitor by giving not less than 3 (three) months written notice to the Asset Monitor, if the Asset 
Monitor ceases to be independent from the Issuer or any other party to the Programme or its 
appointment no longer satisfies the requirements set forth by Law 130/99 and the BoI 
Regulations. If termination of the appointment of the Asset Monitor would otherwise take effect 
less than 30 days before any Calculation Date on which an Asset Monitor Report shall be 
delivered, then such termination shall not take effect until the tenth day following such 
Calculation Date. In any case, no revocation of the appointment of the Asset Monitor shall take 
effect until a successor, approved by the Representative of the Bondholders, has been duly 
appointed. The Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign by giving not less than three months (or 
such shorter period as the Representative of the Bondholders may agree) prior written notice of 
termination to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders. Such 
resignation will be subject to and conditional upon: (i) if such resignation would otherwise take 
effect less than 30 days before any Calculation Date on which an Asset Monitor Report shall be 
delivered, then such resignation shall not take effect until the tenth day following such 
Calculation Date, (ii) the Representative of the Bondholders consenting in writing to the 
resignation (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), (iii) a substitute Asset Monitor 
being appointed by the Issuer and (upon delivery of an Issuer Default Notice) the Guarantor, 
with the prior written approval of the Representative of the Bondholders, on substantially the 
same terms as those set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement and (iv) the Asset Monitor being not 
released from its obligations under this Agreement until a substitute Asset Monitor has entered 
into such new agreement and it has become a party to the Intercreditor Agreement; and

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
provided that, if the substitute Asset Monitor is not appointed within four months from the date 
of the written notice set out above, the Asset Monitor shall be released from its obligations under 
the Asset Monitor Agreement.  
Pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Guarantor has undertaken to notify the Rating 
Agency in case of termination of its appointment or in case of its resignation from its 
appointment under the Asset Monitor Agreement, in accordance with the relevant provisions 
provided for under the Asset Monitor Agreement. Moreover, in case of amendments or 
modifications to the Asset Monitor Agreement, the parties to the Asset Monitor Agreement have 
agreed to notify such amendments or modifications to the Rating Agency. 
Governing Law  
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Quotaholders’ Agreement 
On 18 November 2021 the Seller, SPV Holding and the Representative of the Bondholders 
entered into a quotaholders' agreement, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the 
“Quotaholders’ Agreement”), containing provisions and undertakings in relation to the 
management of the Guarantor.  
Governing Law 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement will be governed by Italian law. 
Programme Agreement 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Issuer, the Seller, the Representative of Bondholders and 
the Dealers entered into a programme agreement (as lastly amended and restated on 21 
September 2023 in order to make the Programme compliant with the new legal framework of the 
Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations, the “Programme Agreement”), which 
contains certain arrangements under which the Covered Bonds may be issued and sold, from 
time to time, by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Dealer(s) have agreed that any Covered 
Bonds of any Series or Tranche which may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer and 
any Dealer(s) to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed for by such Dealer(s) shall be issued and 
subscribed for on the basis of, and in reliance upon, the representations, warranties, 
undertakings and indemnities made or given or provided to be made or given pursuant to the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed, neither the Issuer nor any 
Dealer(s) is, are or shall be, in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement, under 
any obligation to issue or subscribe for any Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche. 
Under the Programme Agreement the Dealers have appointed the Representative of the 
Bondholders, which appointment has been confirmed by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will indemnify the Dealers for costs, liabilities, charges, expenses 
and claims incurred by or made against the Dealers arising out of, in connection with or based 
on breach of duty or misrepresentation by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Programme Agreement contains provisions relating to the resignation or termination of 
appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other dealers acceding 
as new dealer (a) generally in respect of the Programme or (b) in relation to a particular issue of

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
Covered Bonds. 
The Programme Agreement contains stabilisation provisions. 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor have given 
certain representations and warranties to the Dealers in relation to, inter alia, themselves and 
the information given by them in connection with this Base Prospectus.  
The Programme Agreement also contains the pro forma of the Subscription Agreement to be 
entered into in relation to each issue of Covered Bonds. 
Within the Programme, the Issuer and the Dealers (the “Relevant Dealers”) will enter into a 
subscription agreement under which the Relevant Dealers will agree to subscribe for the relevant 
tranche of Covered Bonds, subject to the conditions set out therein (“Subscription 
Agreement”). 
Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Relevant Dealers will confirm the 
appointment of the Representative of the Bondholders. 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer may from time to time increase the maximum 
aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds which may be outstanding at any time in the 
context of the Programme (the “Programme Limit”) by delivering a notice thereof to the 
Dealers (with a copy to the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders) including the 
indication of the new Programme Limit of the Programme, subject to the compliance with the 
Covered Bonds Law and to the publication of a supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance 
with Article 18, paragraph (i) of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979. 
Governing Law 
The Programme Agreement and the Subscription Agreement will be governed by Italian law. 
Deed of Charge 
By a deed of charge (the “Deed of Charge”) executed by the Guarantor on or about the First 
Issue Date, the Guarantor has, with full title guarantee, assigned absolutely to the Representative 
of the Bondholders (acting as security trustee for the Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors, the “Security Trustee”), by way of first fixed security, all of its rights under the Swap 
Agreements as security for the payment and discharge of its obligations under the Guarantee. 
The Security Trustee will hold the benefit of the Deed of Charge, including the security created 
and other rights granted in it to the Security Trustee, for itself and on trust for the Bondholders 
and the other Secured Creditors on the terms set out in the Deed of Charge. 
Governing Law 
The Deed of Charge is governed by English law. 
Swap Agreements  
Cover Pool Swaps 
In order to hedge the interest rate risks related to the Cover Pool, the Guarantor will enter into 
one or more swap transactions with the Cover Pool Swap Counterparty, on or about the date of 
each transfer under the Master Purchase Agreement, subject to an ISDA Master Agreement, the 
CSA (if any) and the relevant confirmation (each a “Cover Pool Swap” and together the 
“Cover Pool Swaps”).

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
In order to hedge the interest rate risks related to the Cover Pool, the Guarantor will enter into 
one or more swap transactions with the relevant Cover Pool Swap Counterparty subject to an 
ISDA Master Agreement, the CSA (if any) and the relevant confirmation (the “Cover Pool 
Swaps” and each a “Cover Pool Swap”).  
The Cover Pool Swap may also be terminated upon the occurrence of a Termination Event (as 
defined in the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement and includes any other Additional Termination 
Events). 
Governing Law 
The Cover Pool Swaps are governed by English Law. 
Covered Bond Swaps  
In order to hedge the currency and/or interest rate exposure in relation to obligations under the 
Covered Bonds, the Guarantor will enter into one or more swap transactions with the Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty, on or about each Issue Date, subject to an ISDA Master Agreement, 
the CSA (if any) and the relevant confirmation (each a “Covered Bond Swap” and together the 
“Covered Bonds Swaps”).  
The Covered Bond Swap may also be terminated upon the occurrence of a Termination Event (as 
defined in the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement and includes any other Additional Termination 
Events). 
Governing Law 
The Cover Pool Swaps are governed by English Law.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW 
The following is a summary only of certain aspects of Italian law that are relevant to the 
transactions described in this Base Prospectus and of which prospective Bondholders should be 
aware. It is not intended to be exhaustive and prospective Bondholders should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
Law 130/99 and BoI Regulations. General remarks  
Law 130/99 was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived to simplify the securitisation 
process and to facilitate the increased use of securitisation as a financing technique in the 
Republic of Italy. Law 130/99 was further amended during the following years. 
Law Decree of 14 March 2005, No. 35, converted with amendments into law by law 14 May 2005, 
No. 80, added articles 7-bis and 7-ter to Law 130/99, which regulated the issuance of covered 
bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite). 
Law 130/99 was further amended by Law Decree No. 143 of 23 December 2013 as converted into 
Law No. 9 of 21 February 2014, by Law Decree No. 91 of 24 June 2014 as converted into Law No. 
116 of 11 August 2014, by Law Decree No. 18 of 15 February 2016 converted into Law No. 49 of 8 
April 2016, by Law Decree No. 50 of 24 April 2017, converted into Law No. 96 of 21 June 2017, 
by Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, by Law Decree No. 34 of 30 April 2019, converted into 
Law No. 58 of 28 June 2019, by Law No. 160 of 27 December 2019, by Law Decree No. 162 of 30 
December 2019, converted into Law No. 8 of 28 February 2020, by Law No. 178 of 30 December 
2020 and by Legislative Decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021. 
On 18 December 2019, Directive (EU) No. 2019/2162 (the “Covered Bond Directive”) and 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/2160 (the “Covered Bond Regulation”) amending the EU 
Regulation No. 575/2013 (the EU Regulation No. 575/2013, as amended by the Covered Bond 
Regulation, the “CRR”) have been published in the Official Journal of the European Union, with 
the aim of harmonising the regime on covered bonds in the European Union. 
In particular: 
(i) 
the Covered Bond Directive lays down rules on the issuance requirements, structural 
features, public supervision and publication obligations for covered bonds; 
(ii) 
the Covered Bond Regulation introduces some amendments to Article 129 of the CRR, 
providing for additional requirements for covered bonds to be eligible for the relevant 
preferential treatment. 
On 30 November 2021 the Legislative Decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the “Decree 
190/2021”) implementing the Covered Bond Directive, which modified Law 130/99, was 
published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy No. 285 of 30 November 2021 and 
entered into force on 1 December 2021. 
Decree 190/2021 repealed Articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of Law 130/99 (as applicable until 
the entry into force of the BoI Regulations (as defined below)) and introduced the new Title I-bis 
of Law 130/99, which sets out the legislative framework applicable to covered bonds issued as of 
the adoption by the Bank of Italy of new the supervisory instructions set out in Part III, Chapter 
3 of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” dated 30 March 2023 (Circolare No. 285 of 17 
December 2013), as amended from time to time (the “BoI Regulations”).

--- Page 162 ---
162 
In accordance with Decree 190/2021: 
(i)
until the entry into force of the BoI Regulations (i.e., 31 March 2023), covered bonds
have been issued pursuant to article 7-bis of Law 130/99, as applicable until the entry
into force of the BoI Regulations, the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of
14 December 2006, No. 310 (the “MEF Decree”), the previous version of the Bank of
Italy “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” dated 17 December 2013 (Circolare No.
285 of 17 December 2013) and the previous version of Article 129 of the CRR; and
(ii)
as of the entry into force of the BoI Regulations (i.e., 31 March 2023), covered bonds will
be issued pursuant to the provisions of Title I-bis of Law 130/99, the BoI Regulations
and the Article 129 of the CRR as amended by the Covered Bond Regulation.
Eligibility criteria of the assets 
Pursuant to Article 7-novies, paragraph 1 of Law 130/99, the following assets may be assigned to 
the purchasing company: 
(A)
provided that the issuing bank complies with the requirements set forth under
Article 129, paragraphs 1a, 1b, 1c, 1d, 2 and 3 of the CRR, eligible assets pursuant
to Article 129, paragraph 1 of the CRR, including, inter alia:
(i)
mortgage receivables secured by residential real estate assets in
accordance with Article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) of the CRR (the
“Residential Mortgage Receivables”);
(ii)
mortgage receivables secured by non-residential real estate assets in
accordance with Article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (f) of the CRR (the “Non-
Residential Mortgage Receivables” and, together with the
Residential Mortgage Receivables, the “Mortgage Receivables”); and
(iii)
exposures satisfying the requirements set forth under Article 129,
paragraph 1, letter (a) and letter (b) of the CRR (the “Public Assets”
and, together with the Mortgage Receivables, the “Assets”).
(B)
Liquid Assets (as defined below).
In addition, pursuant to Article 7-novies, paragraph 2 of Law 130/99: 
(i)
the real estate assets securing the receivables must be located in an Admitted State (as
defined below);
(ii)
such real estate assets must be insured against the risk of damage;
(iii)
if such the real estate asset is located in an Admitted State other than a Member State of
the European Union, the relevant security interest must be enforceable in all relevant
jurisdictions and may be enforced within a reasonable time;
(iv)
the hardening period for the claw back of the relevant security interest has elapsed; and
(v)
in case of Assets which are not directly originated by the issuing bank, the issuing bank
has performed an evaluation of the credit quality of the debtors prior to the transfer to
the Cover Pool or has verified the adequacy of the credit quality evaluation criteria
adopted by the originator of the eligible assets.

--- Page 163 ---
For the purposes of this section, “Admitted States” means any States belonging to the European 
Economic Space and Switzerland. 
Ring-Fencing of the Assets 
Under the terms of article 3 of Law 130/99, the assets relating to each transaction will by operation of 
law be segregated for all purposes from all other assets of the special purpose vehicle (the “SPV”) 
which purchases the receivables. On a winding up of the SPV such assets will only be available to 
holders of the covered bonds in respect of which the SPV has issued a guarantee and to the other 
secured creditors of the SPV. In addition, the assets relating to a particular transaction will not be 
available to the holders of covered bonds issued in relation to any other transaction or to general 
creditors of the SPV.  
However, under Italian law, any other creditor of the special purpose vehicle which is not party to the 
transaction documents would be able to commence insolvency or winding up proceedings against the 
special purpose vehicle in respect of any unpaid debt.  
The Assignment 
The assignment of the receivables under Law 130/99 will be governed by Article 58 paragraphs 2, 3 
and 4 of the Banking Law. The prevailing interpretation of this provision, which view has been 
strengthened by Article 4 of Law 130/99, is that the assignment can be perfected against the 
originator, assigned debtors and third party creditors by way of publication of a notice in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy and by way of registration of such notice in the Companies’ Register 
(registro delle imprese) where the special purpose vehicle is registered, so avoiding the need for 
notification to be served on each debtor. 
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the assignment in the 
Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy and the date of registration of such notice with the Companies’ 
Register at which the purchaser is registered, the assignment becomes enforceable against: 
(i)
the debtors and any creditors of the originator who have not, prior to the date of publication of
the notice, commenced enforcement proceedings in respect of the relevant receivables;
(ii)
the liquidator or any other bankruptcy officials of the debtors (so that any payments made by a
debtor to the special purpose vehicle may not be subject to any claw-back action according to
Articles 65 and 67 of Royal Decree 16 March 1942, No. 267, as amended and/or supplemented
from time to time (the “Bankruptcy Law”)) or, after the entry into force of Legislative
Decree 12 January 2019, No. 14, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the
“Insolvency Law”), Article 166 or Article 164, paragraph 1 of the Insolvency Law; and
(iii)
other permitted assignees of the originator who have not perfected their assignment prior to
the date of publication.
Upon the completion of the formalities referred to above, the benefit of any privilege, guarantee or 
security interest guaranteeing or securing repayment of the assigned receivables will automatically be 
transferred to and perfected with the same priority in favour of the purchaser, without the need for any 
formality or annotation. 
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the assignment in the 
Italian Official Gazette and the date of registration of such notice with the Companies’ Register at 
which the purchaser is registered, no legal action may be brought against the receivables assigned or 
the sums derived therefrom other than for the purposes of enforcing the rights of the holders of the 
163

--- Page 164 ---
164 
covered bonds and other creditors for costs incurred in the framework of the transaction. 
Notice of the initial assignment of the Initial Portfolio pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement was 
published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy and was filed with the competent Companies’ 
Register. 
However, Article 7-octies, paragraph 4, also provides that, where the role of servicer (soggetto 
incaricato della riscossione dei crediti) is attributed, in the context of covered bonds transaction, to an 
entity other than the assigning bank (whether from the outset or eventually), notice of such 
circumstance shall be given by way of publication in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy and 
registered mail with return receipt to the relevant public administrations. 
The SPV 
On 8 May 2015, the Ministerial Decree No. 53/2015 (the “Decree 53/2015”) issued by the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance has been published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy. Pursuant to 
Article 7 of Decree 53/2015, the assignee companies which guarantee covered bonds, belonging to a 
banking group as defined by Article 60 of the Banking Act (such as Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l.), 
will no longer have to be registered in the general register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 
106 of the Banking Act. 
Exemption from claw-back 
Assignments executed under Law 130/99 are subject to revocation on bankruptcy under Article 67 of 
the Bankruptcy Law or, after the entry into force of the Insolvency Law, Article 166 of the Insolvency 
Law, but only in the event that the transaction is entered into (i) within three months of the 
adjudication of bankruptcy of the relevant party or (ii), in cases where paragraph 1 of Article 67 applies 
or, after the entry into force of the Insolvency Law, paragraph 1 of Article 166 of the Insolvency Law, 
within six months of the adjudication of bankruptcy.  
In addition to the above, any payment made by an assigned debtor to the Guarantor is not subject to 
claw-back actions pursuant to Article 65 and Article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law or, after the entry into 
force of the Insolvency Law, Article 166 or Article 164, paragraph 1 of the Insolvency Law. 
The subordinated loan to be granted to the SPV and the Guarantee are subject to the provisions of 
Article 67, paragraph 4 of the Bankruptcy Law or, after the entry into force of the Insolvency Law, of 
Article 166, paragraph 4 of the Insolvency Law, pursuant to which the provisions of Article 67 or, after 
the entry into force of the Insolvency Law, of Article 166 of the Insolvency Law, relating to the claw-
back of for-consideration transactions, payments and guarantees do not apply to certain transactions.  
Coverage Requirements 
Pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 1 of Law 130/99, the issuing bank and the assigning bank (to 
the extent different from the issuer) will have to ensure that, on an on-going basis, the following 
mandatory tests are complied with: 
(i)
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the cover pool shall be equal to, or greater than,
the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding covered bonds;
(ii)
the net present value of the cover pool, net of the transaction costs to be borne by the special
purpose vehicle, including therein the expected costs and the costs of any hedging
arrangement entered into in relation to the transaction, shall be equal to, or greater than, the
net present value of the outstanding covered bonds; and

--- Page 165 ---
165
(iii)
the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the cover pool, net of the costs borne
by the special purpose company, shall be equal to, or greater than, the interests and costs due
by the issuer under the outstanding covered bonds, also taking into account any hedging
arrangements entered into in relation to the transaction,
it being understood that, for the calculations of the mandatory tests, the issuing bank shall comply, 
inter alia, with the following criteria: 
(a)
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter (a) of Law 130/99, unsecured
receivables, in the event of a default pursuant to Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No.
575/2013, shall not contribute to the calculations of the mandatory tests;
(b)
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter (b) of Law 130/99, the costs related
to maintenance and administration for the winding-down of the covered bonds
programme may be calculated as a lump sum;
(c)
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter (c) of Law 130/99, the Liquid Assets
(as defined below) shall contribute to the calculations of the mandatory tests provided
that they comply with the conditions for qualifying as eligible assets set out under
Article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter (a) of Law 130/99;
(d)
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter (d) of Law 130/99, the calculation
of the interest generated by the assets included in the cover pool and the interest due
by the Issuer on the Covered Bonds outstanding shall be made on the basis of prudent
criteria and criteria consistent with the applicable accounting principles;
(e)
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter (f) of Law 130/99, the
methodologies for the calculation of the numerator and denominator of the mandatory
tests are based on criteria consistent with each other.
In addition, pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 3a of the CRR, in addition to being collateralised by the 
Assets, covered bonds shall be subject to a minimum level of 5% of overcollateralisation. 
The Liquidity Buffer Test requirement 
Pursuant to Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 1 of Law 130/99, the Issuer ensures on an ongoing basis, 
for the entire duration of the covered bond programme, that the segregated assets include a liquidity 
reserve that is at least equal to the maximum cumulative net outflow of liquidity over the next 180 
days. 
The liquidity reserve is composed of the following liquid assets having the characteristics set forth in 
Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2 of Law 130/99: 
(i)
high quality liquid assets pursuant to the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61,
adopted pursuant to article 460 of the CRR, which have not been issued by the bank itself, by
its parent company, (except that the latter is a public sector body other than one bank), by a
subsidiary of the issuing bank, by another subsidiary of the parent company or by a
securitisation vehicle with which the bank has close links; and
(ii)
exposures with an original term equal to or less than 90 (ninety) days to banks that are
classified in the merit classes of credit 1 or 2 or short-term deposits with any bank classified in
credit quality steps 1, 2 or 3, pursuant to the provisions of article 129, paragraph 1, letter c), of
the CRR, as amended by Regulation (EU) No. 2160/2019,

--- Page 166 ---
166 
provided that such assets satisfy the requirements to qualify as Eligible Investments (the “Liquid 
Assets”). 
The features of the Guarantee  
According to Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 1 of Law 130/99, the Guarantee shall be limited 
recourse to the cover pool, irrevocable (irrevocabile), first-demand (a prima richiesta), unconditional 
(incondizionata) and autonomous (garanzia autonoma) from the obligations assumed by the issuer of 
the covered bonds. Accordingly, such obligations shall be a direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
obligation of the SPV, limited recourse to the SPV’s available funds, irrespective of any invalidity, 
irregularity or unenforceability of any of the guaranteed obligations of the issuer of the covered bonds. 
In order to ensure the autonomous nature of the Guarantee, Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 1 of Law 
130/99 provides that the following provisions of the Italian Civil Code, generally applicable to personal 
guarantees (fideiussioni), shall not apply to the Guarantee: (a) Article 1939, providing that a 
fideiussione shall not generally be valid where the guaranteed obligation is not valid; (b) Article 1941, 
paragraph. 1, providing that a fideiussione cannot exceed the amounts due by the guaranteed debtor, 
nor can it be granted for conditions more onerous than those pertaining to the main obligation; (c) 
Article 1944, paragraph. 2, providing, inter alia, that the parties to the contract pursuant to which the 
fideiussione is issued may agree that the guarantor shall not be obliged to pay before the attachment is 
carried out against the guaranteed debtor; (d) Article 1945, providing that the guarantor can raise 
against the creditor any objections (eccezioni) which the guaranteed debtor is entitled to raise, except 
for the objection relating to the lack of legal capacity on the part of the guaranteed debtor; (e) Article 
1955, providing that a fideiussione shall become ineffective (estinta) where, as a consequence of acts of 
the creditor, the guarantor is prevented from subrogating into any rights, pledges, mortgages, and 
liens (privilegi) of the creditor; (f) Article 1956, providing that the guarantor of future receivables shall 
not be liable where the creditor – without the authorisation of the guarantor - has extended credit to a 
third party, while being aware that the economic conditions of the principal obligor were such that 
recovering the receivable would have become significantly more difficult; and (g) Article 1957, 
providing, inter alia, that the guarantor will be liable also after the guaranteed obligation has become 
due and payable, provided that the creditor has filed its claim against the guaranteed debtor within six 
months and has diligently pursued them. 
The obligations of the Guarantor following a liquidation of the Issuer  
Law 130/99 sets out also certain principles which are aimed at ensuring that the payment obligations 
of the special purpose vehicle are isolated from those of the issuer of the Covered Bonds. To that effect 
it requires that the Guarantee contains provisions stating that the relevant obligations thereunder shall 
not accelerate upon the issuer’s default, so that the payment profile of the covered bonds shall not 
automatically be affected thereby. 
More specifically, Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 2 of Law 130/99 provides that in case of breach by 
the issuer of its obligations vis-à-vis the covered bonds holders, the special purpose vehicle shall 
assume the obligations of the issuer – within the limits of the cover pool – in accordance with the 
terms and conditions originally set out for the covered bonds. 
In addition, the acceleration (decadenza dal beneficio del termine) provided for by Article 1186 of the 
Italian Civil Code and affecting the issuer shall not affect the payment obligations of the special 
purpose vehicle under the Guarantee. Pursuant to Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 2 of Law 130/99, 
the limitation in the application of Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code shall apply not only to the 
events expressly mentioned therein, but also to any additional event of acceleration provided for in the 
relevant contractual arrangements.

--- Page 167 ---
167
In accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3 of Law 130/99, in case of liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa or resolution of the issuer, the special purpose vehicle shall assume the obligations of 
the issuer vis-à-vis the covered bonds holders – within the limits of the cover pool – in accordance 
with the terms and conditions originally set out for the covered bonds and shall exercise the rights of 
the covered bonds holders vis-à-vis the issuer in accordance with the legal regime applicable to the 
issuer. Any amount recovered by the special purpose vehicle as a result of the exercise of such rights 
shall be deemed to be included in the cover pool. In the event of a suspension of payments pursuant to 
article 74 of the Banking Law, the special purpose vehicle shall assume the obligations of the issuer vis-
à-vis the covered bonds holders – within the limits of the cover pool – only with respect to the 
receivables due and payable during the suspension period. The SPV shall exercise recourse against the 
issuer for the amounts paid.  
In accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 4 of Law 130/99, in case of liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa of the issuer, the covered bonds holders shall concur to the distribution of the issuer’s 
assets, to the extent remaining after the enforcement of the Guarantee, with the unsecured creditors of 
the issuer, including, in the case provided for in Article 7-quinquiesdecies, paragraph 2 of Law 130/99, 
the derivates counterparties. 
Controls over the transaction 
Section IV of the BoI Regulations lay down rules on controls over transactions involving the issuance 
of covered bonds.  
Inter alia, the resolutions of the selling banks approving the assignment of portfolios to the SPV are 
passed in relation to each transfer of assets on the basis of appraisal reports on the assets prepared by 
an auditing firm. Such reports are not required where the assignment is carried out at the book values 
set out in the most recent approved financial statements of the selling bank or in its most recent six 
month report (situazione patrimoniale semestrale).  
The management body of the issuing bank must ensure that the structures delegated to the risk 
management verify at least every six months and for each transaction, inter alia:  
(a)
the quality and integrity of the assets sold to the SPV securing the obligations undertaken by
the latter;
(b)
compliance with the maximum ratio between covered bonds issued and the cover pool sold to
the SPV for purposes of backing the issue and with the Liquidity Buffer Test, in accordance
with Articles 7-undecies and 7-duodecies of Law 130/99 and Section III of the BoI
Regulations;
(c)
compliance with the internal operational limits on the sale of Assets and the Integration Limits
set out by the BoI Regulations;
(d)
the effectiveness and adequacy of the coverage of risks provided under derivative agreements
entered into in connection with the transaction; and
(e)
the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided to investors
pursuant to Section V of the BoI Regulations.
The bodies with management responsibilities of issuing banks and banking groups ensure that an 
assessment is carried out on the legal aspects of the activity on the basis of specially issued legal 
reports setting out an in-depth analysis of the contractual structures and schemes adopted, with a 
particular focus on, inter alia, the characteristics of the Guarantee.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Pursuant to Article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130/99, the controls on: (a) the regularity of the transaction 
(regolarità dell’operazione); (b) the compliance with the requirements of Section III of the BoI 
Regulations; (c) the integrity of the Guarantee (integrità della garanzia); and (d) on the disclosure to 
investors will also be carried out by an external party appointed by the issuing bank (the “Asset 
Monitor”). The Asset Monitor shall be an auditing firm having adequate professional experience in 
relation to the tasks entrusted with the same and independent from (a) the audit firm entrusted with 
the auditing of the issuing bank or of the other entities taking part to the transaction, (b) the issuing 
bank and (c) the other entities taking part to the transaction.  
The Asset Monitor shall prepare annual reports on controls and assessments on the performance of 
transactions, to be addressed, inter alia, to the body entrusted with control functions of the Issuer. The 
BoI Regulations refer to (i) the provisions of articles 52 and 61, paragraph 5 of the Banking Act, which 
impose on persons responsible for conducting controls specific obligations to report to the Bank of 
Italy and (ii) the provisions of Article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130/99.  
In order to ensure that the SPV can perform, in an orderly and timely manner, the obligations arising 
under the Guarantee, the issuing banks shall use asset and liability management techniques for 
purposes of ensuring, including by way of specific controls at least every six months, that the payment 
dates of the cash-flows generated by the cover pool match the payments dates with respect to 
payments due by the issuing bank under the covered bonds issued and other transaction costs.  
Finally, in relation to the information flows, the parties to the covered bonds transactions shall assume 
contractual undertakings allowing the issuing and the assigning bank also acting as servicer (and any 
third party servicer, if appointed) to hold the information on the cover pool which are necessary to 
carry out the controls described in the BoI Regulations and for the compliance with the supervisory 
reporting obligations, including therein the obligations arising in connection with the membership to 
the central credit register (Centrale dei Rischi).  
Public disclosure 
Pursuant to Article 7-septiesdecies of Law 130/99, the issuing bank shall publish, at least quarterly, 
including on its website and in accordance with the implementing provisions of the Bank of Italy, 
information on issuance programmes in order to enable investors to perform an informed assessment 
of the issuances and the associated risks.  
Section IV of the BoI Regulations have been further supplemented by Section V of the BoI Regulations, 
which sets out the relevant information to be provided to the investors. 
Usury Law 
Pursuant to the Usury Law, lenders are prevented from applying interest rates higher than those 
deemed to be usurious (the “Usury Rates”). Usury Rates are set on a quarterly basis by a Decree 
issued by the Italian Treasury. With a view to limiting the impact of the application of the Usury Law 
to Italian loans executed prior to the entering into force of the Usury Law, Italian Law No. 24 of 28 
February 2001 (the “Law 24/2001”) provides (by means of interpreting the provisions of the Usury 
Law) that an interest rate is usurious if it is higher than the relevant limit in force at the time at which 
such interest rate is promised or agreed, regardless of the time at which interest is repaid by the 
borrower. A few commentators and debatable lower court decisions have held that, irrespective of the 
principle set out in Law 24/2001, if interest originally agreed at a rate falling below the then applicable 
usury limit (and thus, not usurious) were, at a later date, to exceed the usury limit from time to time in 
force, such interest should nonetheless be reduced to the then applicable usury limit. The Italian 
Supreme Court in joint sections (Corte di Cassazione a Sezioni Unite), under decision No. 24675 of 19

--- Page 169 ---
169 
October 2017, rejected such interpretation and it clarified that only the moment of execution of the 
agreement is relevant to verify if the interest rate is usurious in the mortgage loans with fixed interest 
rate. In the last years, a number of objection have been raised on the basis of the excess of the usury 
limit from the sum of the default interest and the compensatory rate, based on the erroneous 
interpretation under decision of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) No. 350 of 2013 that 
the default interest is relevant for the purposes of determining if an interest rate is usurious. Such 
interpretation has been constantly rejected by the Italian Courts. Other objections raised in the last 
years are based on the violation of the Usury Law by, for example, the sole default interest exceeding 
the usury limit or making reference to additional components (such as penalties and insurance 
policies). In this respect, the Italian Courts have not reached an unanimous position. Indeed, the 
Italian Supreme Court in joint sections (Corte di Cassazione a Sezioni Unite) with decision No. 19597 
dated 18 September 2020 stated that, in order to assess whether a loan complies with the Usury Law, 
also default interest rates shall be included in the calculation of the remuneration to be compared with 
the Usury Rates. In this respect, should that remuneration be higher than the Usury Rates, only the 
‘type’ of rate which determined the breach shall be deemed as null and void. As a consequence, the 
entire amount referable to the rate which determined the breach of said threshold shall be deemed as 
unenforceable according to the last interpretation of the Italian Supreme Court.  
Compounding of interest 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of a monetary claim or receivable, accrued 
interest may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months or from the date when any legal 
proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian 
Civil Code allows derogation from this provision in the event that there are recognised customary 
practices to the contrary. Banks and other financial institutions in the Republic of Italy have 
traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a quarterly basis on the grounds that such practice could 
be characterised as a customary practice. In 1999, the Italian Court of Cassation reversed its stance 
and found the quarterly capitalisation of interest payable on current accounts to be unlawful. 
Following this decision, a series of disputes emerged on the subject of the capitalisation of interest for 
contracts executed prior to that date, whereas the problem was partly resolved for contracts executed 
after the amendment of Art. 120 of the Banking Act introduced in the interim by Legislative Decree No. 
342/1999, which made it legal to capitalise interest payable and receivable, provided that both occur 
with the same frequency.  
Article 17 bis of law decree 18 of 14 February 2016 as converted into Law No. 49 of 8 April 2016 
amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Act, providing that the accrued interest shall not 
produce further interest, except for default interest, and is calculated exclusively on the principal 
amount. Paragraph 2 of article 120 of the Banking Act also requires the Comitato Interministeriale per 
il Credito e il Risparmio (“CICR”) to establish the methods and criteria for the compounding of 
interest. Decree No. 343 of 3 August 2016 of the CICR, implementing paragraph 2 of Article 120 of the 
Banking Act, has been published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy No. 212 of 10 
September 2016. 
Mortgage borrower protection 
Certain legislations enacted in Italy, have given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors 
and/or reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia:  
-
the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage loan, without incurring a penalty
or, in respect of mortgage loan agreements entered into before 2 February 2007, at a reduced
penalty rate (article 120-ter of the Consolidated Banking Act, introduced by Legislative Decree
No. 141 of 13 August 2010 as amended by Legislative Decree No. 218 of 14 December 2010);

--- Page 170 ---
170
- 
the right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan and/or 
the right to request subrogation by an assignee bank into the rights of their creditors in 
accordance with article 1202 (surrogazione per volontà del debitore) of the Italian Civil Code, by 
eliminating the limits and costs previously borne by the borrowers for the exercise of such right 
(article 120-quater of the Consolidated Banking Act, introduced by Legislative Decree No. 141 of 
13 August 2010 as amended by Legislative Decree No. 218 of 14 December 2010);  
- 
the right of first home-owners to suspend instalment payments under mortgage loans up to a 
maximum of two times and for a maximum aggregate period of 18 months (the “Suspension”) 
(originally introduced by Italian Law No. 244 of 24 December 2007);  
- 
the right to (i) suspend payments (principal instalments only) for a period of up to 12 months; or 
(ii) to extend the duration up to 100% of the residual term of the loan, in each case subject to the 
possible increase of the rate of interest and request of additional security interests or guarantees 
by the lender (Accordo per il Credito 2019 entered into between ABI and the major associations 
representing the Italian SMEs on 15 November 2018);  
- 
large-scale moratoria for the purposes of supporting micro-enterprises and small medium-sized 
enterprises, which grant (i) the freezing of the lenders’ right to revoke credit facilities; and (ii) the 
suspension by operation of law of financings repaid by way of instalments, in each case until 31 
December 2021. It should be noted that the amortisation plan relating to the suspended 
instalments (together with any accessory rights relating thereto) is consistently extended without 
further formalities in a manner which ensures that no higher charges are borne by the lender or 
the borrower;  
- 
the right to suspend principal instalment payments under mortgage loans or other loans subject 
to an amortisation plan by way of instalments for a maximum aggregate period of 12 months, 
granted in favour of certain categories of borrowers that cannot benefit from the Suspension, 
upon occurrence of specific events (e.g. termination of employment relationships, borrower's 
death or recognition of disability or civil invalidity, suspension from work or reduction of working 
hours for a period of at least 30 days even where the issuance of measures of income support is 
pending) (ABI convention of 21 April 2020, entered into between ABI and the major associations 
representing consumers).  
Mortgage Credit Directive 
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on credit 
agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010 (the “Mortgage Credit 
Directive”) sets out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and 
administrative provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for consumers 
secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property. The Mortgage Credit 
Directive provides for, amongst other things: 
 
standard information in advertising, and standard pre-contractual information; 
 
adequate explanations to the borrower on the proposed credit agreement and any ancillary 
service; 
 
calculation of the annual percentage rate of charge in accordance with a prescribed formula; 
 
assessment of creditworthiness of the borrower;

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
a right of the borrower to make early repayment of the credit agreement; and 
 
prudential and supervisory requirements for credit intermediaries and non-bank lenders. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive came into effect on 20 March 2014. 
On 1 June 2015, in accordance with Article 18, Article 20(1) and Article 28 of the Mortgage Credit 
Directive, the EBA published its final Guidelines on creditworthiness assessment, as well as its final 
Guidelines on arrears and foreclosure, that support the national implementation by Member States of 
the Mortgage Credit Directive. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive has been implemented in Italy by way of Legislative Decree No. 72 of 21 
April 2016 (the “Legislative Decree 72”). Legislative Decree 72 introduced into the Banking Act, 
under Title VI, a new Chapter 1-bis in relation to consumer mortgage credit, including, inter alia, a new 
Article 120 quinquiesdecies, pursuant to which a consumer and an entity authorised to grant loans in a 
professional manner in the Republic of Italy who are parties to a mortgage credit agreement may 
expressly agree, subject to the provisions of Article 2744 of the Italian Civil Code, that, in case of non-
payment of eighteen monthly instalments by the relevant debtor, the property of the debtor subject to 
security or the proceeds deriving from the sale thereof can be transferred to the creditor in discharge of 
all the outstanding obligations of the debtor vis-à-vis the creditor (even if the value of such property or 
the amount of such proceeds is lower than the residual debt). In the event that the value of the 
property of the debtor subject to security or amount of the proceeds deriving from the sale thereof is 
higher than the residual debt, the debtor will be entitled to receive the excess amount. The value of the 
property shall be determined by an independent expert chosen by the parties, or, if an agreement on 
the appointment of the expert is not reached between them, by the president of the competent court 
(Presidente del Tribunale competente). 
The provisions introduced by the Legislative Decree 72 allow the automatic transfer of the property 
subject to security from the debtor to the relevant creditor in discharge of all the relevant outstanding 
obligations. 
On 29 September 2016, the Ministry of Economy and Finance - Chairman of CICR issued decree No. 
380 (the “Decree 380”) which implemented Chapter 1-bis of Title VI of the Banking Act, with the 
view to creating a transparent and efficient market for consumer mortgage credit and providing an 
adequate level of protection to consumers. Further to Decree 380, on 30 September 2016 the Bank of 
Italy has published an amended version of its regulations on transparency of banking and financial 
operations (Trasparenza delle operazioni e dei servizi bancari e finanziari. Correttezza delle relazioni 
tra intermediari e clienti). 
Patto Marciano 
On 4 May 2016, Law Decree 3 May 2016, No. 59 (the “Decree 59”) came into force introducing, inter 
alia, a new article 48-bis into the Banking Act (the “Article 48-bis”). Decree 59 has been converted 
into Law No. 119 of 30 June 2016, as published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy No. 153 
of 2 July 2016.  
Pursuant to Article 48-bis, a loan agreement entered into between an entrepreneur and a bank, or 
another entity authorised to grant loans to the public pursuant to article 106 of the Banking Act, may 
be secured by transferring to the creditor (or to a company of the creditor’s group authorised to 
purchase, hold, manage and transfer rights in rem in immovable property), the ownership of a 
property or of another immovable right of the entrepreneur or of a third party (which is not the main 
home of the owner, of the spouse or of his relatives and in-laws up to the third degree). Such transfer is 
subject to the condition precedent of the debtor defaulting (so-called “Patto Marciano”, hereafter the

--- Page 172 ---
172
Covenant).  
The Covenant may be stipulated on entering into the loan agreement or, in respect of loan agreements 
in existence on the date of entry into force of Article 48-bis, under a notarial deed made in the context 
of subsequent amendments. If the loan is already secured by a mortgage, the transfer subject to the 
condition precedent of the default, once registered, prevails over annotations and registrations carried 
out after the mortgage entry.  
The default occurs: (i) in case of repayment in monthly instalments, when the failure to pay continues 
for more than nine months after the expiry of at least three instalments, even if not consecutive, and 
(ii) in case of repayment in a single instalment or with instalments in periods of more than one month 
(e.g. quarterly or semi-annual instalments), once nine months have elapsed after the expiry of an 
unpaid instalment, provided that the aforesaid nine-month periods shall be extended to twelve months 
if the debtor has repaid at least 85 per cent. of the loan.  
In the event of default, the creditor is entitled to avail itself of the effects of the Covenant provided that 
any difference between the valuation of the right - as assessed by an expert appointed by the court 
upon request of the creditor - and the total amount of outstanding debt and transfer costs is paid back 
to the debtor.  
Use may be made of the transfer pursuant to article 2 of Decree 59 even in cases where the right in rem 
in immovable property covered by the Covenant is subject to forced sale due to expropriation. In this 
case, the assessment of the debtor’s default is carried out - at the creditor’s request - by the 
enforcement court, and the valuation is made by the expert appointed by such court. The transfer to 
the creditor is subject - in accordance with the procedures established by the enforcement court - to 
the payment of enforcement charges and of any prior creditors or of any difference between the 
valuation of the asset and the amount of the unsettled debt. The same procedure applies, insofar as it 
is compatible, also in cases where the right in rem in immovable property is subject to enforcement in 
accordance with Presidential Decree D.P.R. No. 602/1973 or if, after the Covenant is registered, the 
debtor goes bankrupt.  
The provisions introduced by Decree 59 allow the automatic application of the Covenant upon the 
occurrence of a default (as described above) of the debtor. 
Taxation 
Article 7-vicies of Law 130/99, provides that any tax is due as if the granting of the subordinated loan 
and the transfer of the cover pool had not occurred and as if the assets constituting the cover pool were 
registered as on-balance sheet assets of the cover pool assignor bank, provided that: 
(i) 
the purchase price paid for the transfer of the cover pool is equal to the most recent book value 
of the assets constituting the cover pool; and 
(ii) 
the subordinated loan is granted or guaranteed by the same bank acting as cover pool assignor 
bank. 
The provision described above would imply, as a main consequence, that banks issuing covered bonds 
will be entitled to include the receivables transferred to the cover pool as on-balance receivables for the 
purpose of tax deductions applicable to reserves for the depreciation on receivables in accordance with 
Article 106 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986.

--- Page 173 ---
173
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
The statements herein regarding taxation summarise the principal Italian tax consequences of the 
purchase, the ownership, the redemption and the disposal of the Covered Bonds.  
This is a general summary that does not apply to certain categories of investors and does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a 
decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Covered Bonds. It does not discuss every aspect of Italian 
taxation that may be relevant to a Bondholder if such Bondholder is subject to special circumstances 
or if such Bondholder is subject to special treatment under applicable law. 
This summary also assumes each of the Issuer and the Guarantor is resident in the Republic of Italy 
for tax purposes, is structured and conducts its business in the manner outlined in this Base 
Prospectus. Changes in the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantor’s organisational structure, tax residence or 
the manner in which each of them conducts its business may invalidate this summary. This summary 
also assumes that each transaction with respect to the Covered Bonds is at arm’s length. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the 
meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the 
equivalent Italian concepts under Italian tax law. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in the Republic of Italy as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, 
which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The Issuer will not update this summary to 
reflect changes in laws and if such a change occurs the information in this summary could become 
invalid. 
Italian Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023, published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 2023, 
delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from its publication, 
one or more legislative decrees implementing the reform of the Italian tax system. This tax reform, 
once implemented, could significantly change the taxation of financial incomes and capital gains, 
that may impact on the current tax regime applicable to the Covered Bonds, as summarized below. 
Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the overall tax consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in 
which they are resident for tax purposes and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of 
acquiring, holding and disposing of the Covered Bonds and receiving payments of interest, principal 
and/or other amounts under the Covered Bonds, including in particular the effect of any state, 
regional or local tax laws. 
1. 
INTEREST ON THE COVERED BONDS 
Covered Bonds qualifying as bonds or securities similar to bonds  
Decree No. 239 regulates the income tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including 
any difference between the redemption amount and the issue price, hereinafter collectively referred to 
as “Interest”) from notes issued, inter alia, by Italian banks, falling within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni). 
For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation 
to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value and that do not allow any direct or 
indirect participation either in the management of the issuer or in the business in connection with 
which they have been issued, nor any control on such management.

--- Page 174 ---
174
Italian resident Bondholders 
Where an Italian resident Bondholder is (i) an individual not engaged in a business activity to which 
the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-
commercial private or public institution or trust, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate 
income taxation, Interest payments relating to the Covered Bonds are subject to a substitutive tax, 
referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26% (either when the Interest is paid by the 
Issuer, or when payment thereof is obtained by the Bondholder on a sale of the relevant Covered 
Bonds). The imposta sostitutiva may not be recovered by the Bondholder as a deduction from the 
income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509/1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103/1996 may be exempt 
from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term savings account (piano 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth  by Italian law, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time.If the Covered Bonds are held by investors, described under (i) to (iii) 
above, in the context of a business activity and are effectively connected with the same business 
activity, the Interest is subject to the imposta sostitutiva and is included in the relevant income tax 
return. As a consequence, the Interest is subject to the ordinary income tax and the imposta 
sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due.  
Pursuant to the Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is levied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (“SIMs”), società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), fiduciary companies, stock exchange 
agents and other entities identified by the relevant Decrees of the Ministry of Finance (the 
“Intermediaries”). 
An Intermediary must satisfy the following conditions: 
(i) 
it must be: (a) resident in Italy; or (b) a permanent establishment in Italy of an intermediary 
resident outside of Italy; or (c) an organisation or company non-resident in Italy, acting 
through a system of centralized administration of securities and directly connected with the 
Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Finance (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239; 
and  
(ii) 
intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the transfer of the Covered Bonds. For 
the purpose of the application of imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of the Covered Bonds includes 
any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of 
the ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, imposta sostitutiva is applicable 
and withheld by any Italian bank or any Italian intermediary paying Interest to a Bondholder. 
The imposta sostitutiva regime described herein does not apply in cases where the Covered Bonds are 
held in a discretionary investment portfolio managed by an authorized intermediary pursuant to the 
so-called discretionary investment portfolio regime (“Risparmio Gestito” regime as defined and 
described under paragraph 2, “Capital Gains”, below). In such a case, Interest is not subject to 
imposta sostitutiva but contributes to determine the annual net accrued result of the portfolio, which 
is subject to an ad-hoc substitutive tax of 26%.  
The imposta sostitutiva also does not apply to the following subjects, to the extent that the Covered

--- Page 175 ---
175
Bonds and the relevant coupons are deposited in a timely manner, directly or indirectly, with an 
Intermediary: 
(i)
Corporate investors - Where an Italian resident Bondholder is a corporation or a similar
commercial entity (including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which
the Covered Bonds are effectively connected), Interest accrued on the Covered Bonds must be
included in: (I) the relevant Bondholder’s yearly taxable income for the purposes of corporate
income tax (“IRES”), applying at the current ordinary rate of 24%; and (II) in certain
circumstances, depending on the status of the Bondholder, also in its net value of production
for the purposes of regional tax on productive activities (“IRAP”), generally applying at the
rate of 3.9% (increased rates apply to certain categories of taxpayers, including banks,
financial institutions and insurance companies). IRAP rate can be increased by regional laws
up to 0.92%. Said Interest is therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation according
to the ordinary rules;
(ii)
Investment funds - Italian investment funds (which includes Fondo Comune d’Investimento,
SICAV or SICAF, other than a Real Estate SICAF, to which the provisions of Article 9 (2) of
Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 apply), as well as Luxembourg investment funds
regulated by article 11-bis of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 (collectively, the
“Funds”) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands
of the Funds. Proceeds paid by the Funds to their quotaholders are generally subject to a 26%
withholding tax.
(iii)
Pension funds - Pension funds (subject to the tax regime set forth by Article 17 of Legislative
Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005, the “Pension Funds”) are subject to a 20% substitutive
tax on their annual net accrued result. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum
holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Covered Bonds  may be
excluded from the taxable base of the 20% substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in
a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the
requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented from time to time.
Interest on the Covered Bonds is included in the calculation of such annual net accrued result;
and
(iv)
Real estate investment funds – Interest payments in respect of the Covered Bonds made to
Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of the Financial
Services Act and to real estate SICAF (the ‘‘Real Estate Investment Funds’’) are generally
subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the same
Real Estate Investment Funds. Unitholders are generally subject to a 26% withholding tax on
distributions from the Real Estate Funds. A direct imputation system (tax transparency)
applies to certain non-qualifying unitholders (e.g. Italian resident individuals) holding more
than 5% of the units of the Real Estate Investment Fund.
Non-Italian resident Bondholders 
An exemption from imposta sostitutiva on Interest on the Covered Bonds is provided with respect to 
certain beneficial owners resident outside of Italy, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected. In particular, pursuant to the Decree No. 239 the 
aforesaid exemption applies to any beneficial owner of an Interest payment relating to the Covered 
Bonds who: (i) is resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with the Republic of Italy (as currently listed by Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, 
as amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 April 2017 and possibly further amended by future decrees 
issued pursuant to Article 11 (4) (c) of Decree No. 239- a “White List Country”); or (ii) is an

--- Page 176 ---
176
international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in the Republic of Italy; or (iii) is the Central Bank or an entity also authorised to manage the 
official reserves of a country; or (iv) is an institutional investor which is established in a White List 
Country, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer in its own country of establishment (each, a 
“Qualified Bondholder”).  
The exemption procedure for Bondholders who are non-resident in Italy and are resident in a White 
List Country identifies two categories of intermediaries: 
(i)
an Italian or foreign bank or financial institution (there is no requirement for the bank or
financial institution to be EU resident) (the “First Level Bank”), acting as intermediary in
the deposit of the Covered Bonds held, directly or indirectly, by the Bondholder with a Second
Level Bank (as defined below); and
(ii)
an Italian resident bank or SIM, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank
or SIM, acting as depositary or sub-depositary of the Covered Bonds appointed to maintain
direct relationships, via electronic link, with the Italian tax authorities (the “Second Level
Bank”). Organisations and companies non-resident in Italy, acting through a system of
centralized administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of
Revenue of the Ministry of Finance (which include Euroclear and Clearstream) are treated as
Second Level Banks, provided that they appoint an Italian representative (an Italian resident
bank or SIM, or permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM, or a central
depositary of financial instruments pursuant to Article 80 of the Financial Services Act) for the
purposes of the application of Decree No. 239.
In the event that a non-Italian resident Bondholder deposits the Covered Bonds directly with a Second 
Level Bank, the latter shall be treated both as a First Level Bank and a Second Level Bank. 
The exemption from the imposta sostitutiva for the Bondholders who are non-resident in Italy is 
conditional upon: 
(a)
the deposit of the Covered Bonds, either directly or indirectly, with an institution which
qualifies as a Second Level Bank; and
(b)
the submission to the First Level Bank or the Second Level Bank of a statement of the relevant
Bondholder (autocertificazione), to be provided only once, in which it declares that it is
eligible to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement must comply
with the requirements set forth by a Ministerial Decree of 12 December, 2001, is valid until
withdrawn or revoked and needs not to be submitted where a certificate, declaration or other
similar document for the same or equivalent purposes was previously submitted to the same
depository. The above statement is not required for non-Italian resident investors that are
international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements entered
into force in the Republic of Italy or Central Banks or entities also authorized to manage the
official reserves of a State.
In the case of non-Italian resident Bondholders not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, the imposta sostitutiva may be reduced (generally 
to 10%) or eliminated under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more favourable, 
subject to timely filing of the required documentation provided by Measure of the Director of the 
Italian Revenue Agency No. 2013/84404 of July 10, 2013. 
Covered Bonds qualifying as atypical securities (titoli atipici)

--- Page 177 ---
177
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are subject to a 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26%. 
Where the Bondholder is (i) a non-Italian resident person, (ii) an Italian resident individual not 
holding the Covered Bonds for the purpose of carrying out a business activity, (iii) an Italian resident 
non-commercial partnership, (iv) an Italian resident non-commercial private or public institution, (v) 
a Fund, (vi) a Real Estate Investment Fund, (vii) a Pension Fund, (viii) an Italian resident investor 
exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, such withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509/1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103/1996 may be exempt 
from any income taxation, including withholding taxes, on proceeds and other income relating to 
atypical securities if such financial instruments are included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis, paragraphs 2 or 2-
bis, of Law Decree 124/2019 and, as applicable, by Article 1 (100-114) of Finance Act, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Where the Bondholder is (i) an Italian resident individual carrying out a business activity to which the 
Covered Bonds are effectively connected, (ii) commercial partnership, (iii) an Italian resident 
corporation or a similar Italian commercial entity (including a permanent establishment in Italy of a 
foreign entity to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected), (iv) an Italian resident 
commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is an advance withholding tax.  
In case of non-Italian resident Bondholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Covered Bonds are effectively connected, the above-mentioned withholding tax rate may be reduced 
(generally to 10%) or eliminated under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more 
favourable, subject to timely filing of the required documentation. 
Payments by the Guarantor 
There is neither case law nor general published guidelines rendered by the Italian tax authorities 
directly regarding the tax regime of payments in respect of bonds made by an Italian resident 
guarantor.  
In accordance with a certain interpretation of Italian law, any Interest payment made by an Italian 
resident Guarantor should be treated as a payment by the guaranteed Issuer and, accordingly, should 
be subject to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section.  
According to a different interpretation such payments made to Italian resident Bondholders may be 
subject to Italian withholding tax at the rate of 26% levied as a final tax (a titolo d’imposta) or as an 
advance tax (a titolo di acconto) depending on the residential “status” of the Bondholder, pursuant to 
Article 26, paragraph 5, of Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973. 
In case of payments to non-Italian resident Bondholders (not having a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected), the withholding tax should be final. Tax 
treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or in certain cases, nil) withholding tax 
rate applicable on Interest payments in respect of the Covered Bonds made to non-Italian residents, 
subject to timely filing of the required documentation. 
CAPITAL GAINS

--- Page 178 ---
178 
Italian resident Bondholders 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November, 1997, as amended, a 26% capital gains tax (the 
‘‘CGT’’) is applicable to capital gains realized on any sale or transfer of the Covered Bonds for 
consideration by Italian resident individuals (not engaged in a business activity to which the Covered 
Bonds are effectively connected), regardless of whether the Covered Bonds are held outside of Italy.  
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any Interest on the Covered Bonds accrued 
and unpaid up to the time of the purchase and the sale of the Covered Bonds must be deducted from 
the purchase price and the sale price, respectively. 
With regard to the CGT application, taxpayers may opt for one of the three following regimes: 
(a)
Tax return regime (“Regime della Dichiarazione”) - The Bondholder must assess the
overall capital gains realized in a certain fiscal year, net of any incurred capital losses, in his
annual income tax return and pay the CGT so assessed together with the income tax due for the
same fiscal year. Losses exceeding gains can be carried forward into following fiscal years up to
the fourth following fiscal year. Since this regime constitutes the ordinary regime, the taxpayer
must apply it to the extent that the same does not opt for any of the two other regimes;
(b)
Non-discretionary investment portfolio regime (“Risparmio Amministrato”) - The
Bondholder may elect to pay the CGT separately on capital gains realized on each sale or
transfer of the Covered Bonds. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i)
the Covered Bonds being deposited with banks, SIMs or other authorized intermediaries and (ii)
an express election for the Risparmio Amministrato regime being made in writing by the
relevant Bondholder. The Risparmio Amministrato lasts for the entire fiscal year and unless
revoked prior to the end of such year will be deemed valid also for the subsequent one. The
intermediary is responsible for accounting for the CGT in respect of capital gains realized on
each sale or transfer of the Covered Bonds, as well as in respect of capital gains realized at the
revocation of its mandate. The intermediary is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian
tax authorities, by deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the
Bondholder. Where a particular sale or transfer of the Covered Bonds results in a net loss, the
intermediary is entitled to deduct such loss from gains subsequently realized on assets held by
the Bondholder with the same intermediary and within the same deposit relationship, in the
same fiscal year or in the following fiscal years up to the fourth following fiscal year. The
Bondholder is not required to declare the gains in his annual income tax return; and
(c)
Discretionary investment portfolio regime (“Risparmio Gestito”) - If the Covered Bonds are
part of a portfolio managed by an Italian asset management company, capital gains are not
subject to the CGT, but contribute to determine the annual net accrued result of the portfolio.
Such annual net accrued result of the portfolio, even if not realized, is subject to an ad-hoc 26%.
substitutive tax, which the asset management company is required to levy on behalf of the
Bondholder. Any losses of the investment portfolio accrued at year end may be carried forward
against net profits accrued in each of the following fiscal years, up to the fourth following fiscal
year. Under such regime the Bondholder is not required to declare the gains in his annual
income tax return.
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509/1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103/1996 may be exempt 
from any CGT realized on Covered Bonds if such financial instruments are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set by Italian law,

--- Page 179 ---
179
as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
The CGT regime does not apply to the following subjects: 
(A)
Corporate investors - Capital gains realized on the Covered Bonds by Italian resident corporate
entities (including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Covered
Bonds are effectively connected) form part of their aggregate income subject to IRES. In certain
cases, capital gains may also be included in the taxable net value of production of such entities
for IRAP purposes. The capital gains are calculated as the difference between the sale price and
the relevant tax basis of the Covered Bonds. Upon fulfillment of certain conditions, the gains
may be taxed in equal installments over up to five fiscal years for IRES purposes.
(B)
Funds - Capital gains realized by the Funds on the Covered Bonds are subject neither to CGT
nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Funds (see under paragraph “Italian Resident
Bondholders”, above).
(C)
Pension Funds - Capital gains realized by Pension Funds on the Covered Bonds contribute to
determine their annual net accrued result, which is subject to an 20% substitutive tax (see under
paragraph “Italian Resident Bondholders”, above). Subject to certain conditions (including
minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains realised upon sale or
redemption of the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20% substitute
tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended
and supplemented from time to time.
(D)
Real Estate Investment Funds - Capital gains realized by Real Estate Investment Funds on the
Covered Bonds are not taxable at the level of same Real Estate Investment Funds (see under
paragraph “Italian Resident Bondholders”, above).
Non Italian resident Bondholders 
Capital gains realized by non-resident Bondholders (not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected) on the disposal of the Covered Bonds are not 
subject to tax in Italy, regardless of whether the Covered Bonds are held in Italy, subject to the 
condition that the Covered Bonds are listed in a regulated market in Italy or abroad (e.g. Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange). 
Should the Covered Bonds not be listed in a regulated market as indicated above, the aforesaid capital 
gains would be subject to tax in Italy, if the Covered Bonds are held by the non-resident Bondholder 
therein. Pursuant to Article 5 of Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November, 1997, an exemption, 
however, would apply with respect to beneficial owners of the Covered Bonds, which are Qualified 
Bondholders.  
In any event, non-Italian resident Bondholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Covered Bonds are effectively connected that may benefit from a tax treaty with Italy, providing 
that capital gains realized upon sale or transfer of Covered Bonds are taxed only in the country of tax 
residence of the recipient, will not be subject to tax in Italy on any capital gains realized upon any such 
sale or transfer. 
TRANSFER TAXES 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public 
deeds and notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) executed in Italy should be

--- Page 180 ---
180
subject to fixed registration tax (Euro 200); (ii) private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) 
should be subject to fixed registration tax only in certain circumstances, including the "case of use" or 
voluntary registration or on the occurrence of the “enunciazione”. 
INHERITANCE AND GIFT TAX 
Inheritance and gift taxes apply on the overall net value of the relevant transferred assets, at the 
following rates, depending on the relationship between the testate (or donor) and the beneficiary (or 
donee):  
(a)
4%, if the beneficiary (or donee) is the spouse or a direct ascendant or descendant (such rate
only applying on the net asset value exceeding, for each person, Euro 1 million);
(b)
6%, if the beneficiary (or donee) is a brother or sister (such rate only applying on the net asset
value exceeding, for each person, Euro 100,000);
(c)
6%, if the beneficiary (or donee) is a relative within the fourth degree or a direct relative-in-law
as well an indirect relative-in-law within the third degree;
(d)
8%, if the beneficiary is a person, other those mentioned other (a), (b) and (c), above.
In case the beneficiary has a serious disability recognized by law, inheritance and gift taxes apply on its 
portion of the net asset value exceeding Euro 1.5 million. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) – that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time, is 
exempt from inheritance tax. 
STAMP DUTY 
Pursuant to Article 13, paragraph 2 ter of Part I attached to Italian Presidential Decree No. 642 of 
October 26, 1972, as amended from time to time, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis 
to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent by a financial intermediary to a 
Bondholder in respect of any Covered Bond which may be deposited with such financial intermediary. 
The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20%; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market 
value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the 
Covered Bonds held.  The stamp duty cannot exceed, for taxpayers different from individuals (e.g., for 
corporate entities and other bodies), Euro 14,000. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of 
Economy on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the 
regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any form a 
banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory.  
Moreover, the proportional stamp duty does not apply to communications sent to Pension Funds. 
Periodical communications to clients are presumed to be sent at least once a year, even though the 
intermediary is not required to send any such communication. In this case, the stamp duty is to be 
applied on 31 December of each year or in any case at the end of the relationship with the client.  
WEALTH TAX ON SECURITIES DEPOSITED ABROAD 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Law Decree of 22 December 2011 n. 201, Italian resident individuals, non-

--- Page 181 ---
181
profit entities and certain partnerships holding the Covered Bonds outside the Italian territory are 
required to pay a wealth tax at a rate of 0.20% or 0.40% starting from fiscal year 2024, only in the 
circumstance that the Notes are held in black list countries, listed in the Ministerial Decree No.107 of 4 
May 1999, as amended from time to time. Such tax is due only in cases where the stamp duty described 
in the previous paragraph (Stamp Duty) is not due.  
Pursuant to the provision of Article 134 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, the wealth tax cannot 
exceed Euro 14,000 per year for taxpayers different from individuals This tax is calculated on the 
market value of the Covered Bonds at the end of the relevant year or – if no market value figure is 
available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the Italian 
territory.  Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid 
in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Financial assets (including the Covered Bonds) held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth 
tax if they are managed by Italian resident intermediaries. In this case, the stamp duty described in the 
previous paragraph (Stamp duty) does apply. 
TAX MONITORING 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June, 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August, 1990, as 
amended (“Decree No. 167”), individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships resident in 
Italy who, during the fiscal year, have held investments abroad or have financial activities abroad 
must, in certain circumstances, disclose the aforesaid and related transactions to the Italian tax 
authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form 
that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the income tax return). Such obligation is not 
provided inter alia, in case the financial assets are given in administration or management to Italian 
banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies or other professional intermediaries, indicated in Article 1 of Decree 
No. 167, or if one of such intermediaries intervenes, also as a counterpart, in their transfer, provided 
that income deriving from such financial assets is collected through the intervention of such an 
intermediary. 
U.S. FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
“FATCA”, a “foreign financial institution” (“FFI” as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold 
on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting or related requirements.  The issuer may be a foreign financial institution for 
these purposes.   
A number of jurisdictions (including the Republic of Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as 
currently in effect, a FFI in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Covered 
Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Covered Bonds, such withholding would potentially apply to payments in respect 
of any Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterized as equity and 
have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued after the grandfathering date, which

--- Page 182 ---
182
is the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining foreign 
passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register or which are materially modified after the 
grandfathering date.  
Bondholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in Covered Bonds.   
In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA with respect to payments on the 
Covered Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
EUROPEAN DIRECTIVE ON ADMINISTRATIVE COOPERATION 
Legislative Decree No. 29 of 4 March 2014, as supplemented from time to time, has implemented the 
EU Council Directive 2011/16/EU (as amended by 2014/107/UE, 2015/2376/UE, 2016/881/UE; 
2016/2258/UE and 2018/822/UE), on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation (the 
“DAC”).  
The main purpose of the DAC is to extend the automatic exchange of information mechanism between 
Member State, in order to fight against cross border tax fraud and tax evasion. The new regime under 
DAC is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic Co-
operation and Development in July 2014.  
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on the tax consequences deriving from the 
application of the Directive on Administrative Cooperation. 
The Directive on Administrative Cooperation (2014/107/EU) of December 9, 2014 (“DAC 2”) 
implemented the exchange of information based on the Common reporting Standard (“CRS”) within 
the EU. Under CRS, participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial institutions, and 
automatically exchange with exchange partners on an annual basis, financial information with respect 
to all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence, and 
reporting procedures. The Italian government implemented the above-mentioned Council Directive 
2014/107/EU in the Ministerial Decree issued by the Ministry of Finance on 28 December 2015, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. Following the Ministerial Decree quoted, the Italian 
tax authorities may communicate to other EU Member States information about interest and other 
categories of financial income of Italian source, including income from the Covered Bonds. 
Furthermore, the Italian Government implemented the later changes to the Council Directive 
2011/16/EU, including the changes introduced by the Council Directive 2376/2015/EU on the 
mandatory automatic exchange of information on advance cross-border rulings and advance pricing 
arrangements, through the issue of the Legislative Decree 15 March 2017, no. 32, and by the Council 
Directive 2016/2258/EU as regards access to anti-money-laundering information by tax authorities, 
through the issue of the Legislative Decree 18 May 2018, no. 60. 
The EU Council Directive 2018/822/EU of 25 May 2018 (“DAC 6”) implemented the mandatory 
automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation in relation to reportable cross-border 
arrangements. Under DAC 6 intermediaries which meet certain criteria and taxpayers are required to 
disclose to the relevant Tax Authorities certain cross-border arrangements, which contain one or more 
of a prescribed list of hallmarks, performed from 25 June 2018 onwards.  
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on the tax consequences deriving from the 
application of the Directive on Administrative Cooperation.

--- Page 183 ---
183
TAXATION IN LUXEMBOURG 
The following is a general description of certain Luxembourg tax considerations relating to the Covered 
Bonds. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Covered 
Bonds, whether in Luxembourg or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds should consult 
their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and 
disposing of the Covered Bonds and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under 
the Covered Bonds and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of Luxembourg. This overview 
is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. The information contained within 
this section is limited to withholding tax issues, and prospective investors should not apply any 
information set out below to other areas, including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions 
involving the Covered Bonds.  
Withholding Tax 
All payments of interest and principal by the Issuer in the context of the holding, disposal, redemption or 
repurchase of the Covered Bonds can be made free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance with the applicable Luxembourg 
law, subject however, with respect to Luxembourg resident individual investors, to the application of the 
Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, pursuant to which: 
(i)
a 20% withholding tax (which is final when Luxembourg resident individuals are acting in the context
of the management of their private wealth) can be levied on certain interest income paid or ascribed
by Luxembourg resident paying agents to Luxembourg resident individuals, including accrued
interest received upon sale, redemption or repurchase of the Covered Bonds (i.e. with certain
exemptions). Responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the above-mentioned
Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, is assumed by the Luxembourg resident paying
agent within the meaning of such law and not by the Issuer; and
(ii)
Luxembourg resident individuals acting in the context of the management of their private wealth can
opt to self-declare and pay a final 20% tax on certain interest income paid or ascribed by paying
agents located in a Member State of the European Union (other than Luxembourg) or in a Member
State of the European Economic Area. In such case, the 20% tax is calculated on the same amounts as
for payments made by Luxembourg resident paying agents and the option for the 20% tax must cover
all interest payments made by the paying agents within the entire fiscal year.
Other Taxes 
Neither the issuance nor the transfer of Covered Bonds will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp duty, 
issuance tax, registration tax or similar documentary taxes or duties, provided that the relevant issue or 
transfer agreement is not registered in Luxembourg. A fixed or ad valorem registration duty in Luxembourg 
may, however, apply (i) upon voluntary registration (présentation à l’enregistrement) of the Covered Bonds 
before the Registration and Estates Department (Administration de l’enregistrement, des domaines et de la 
TVA) in Luxembourg, or (ii) if the Covered Bonds are (a) attached to a compulsory registrable deed under 
Luxembourg law (acte obligatoirement enregistrable) or (b) deposited with the official records of a notary 
(déposé au rang des minutes d’un notaire). 
Where a holder of Covered Bonds is a resident of Luxembourg for Luxembourg inheritance tax purposes at 
the time of his/her death, the Covered Bonds are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax 
assessment purposes. Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Covered Bonds if embodied in a 
Luxembourg deed or registered in Luxembourg.

--- Page 184 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the “Conditions” and, each of 
them, a “Condition”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions do not apply to the Registered Covered 
Bonds. In these Conditions, references to the “holder” of Covered Bonds and to the “Bondholders” are to the 
ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds. Covered Bonds will at all times be in book-entry form 
(dematerialised form) and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book-entries with Monte Titoli 
S.p.A. in accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 83-bis and ff. of the Financial Services Act and (ii) the
resolution dated 13 August, 2018  jointly issued by the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa
(“CONSOB”) and the Bank of Italy and published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta
Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) No. 201 of 30 August 2018 (the “Joint Resolution”), as subsequently
amended and supplemented from time to time. Excepted for the Registered Covered Bonds, no certificate or
physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. The Bondholders are deemed to
have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit of, inter alia, the terms of the Rules of the
Organisation of the Bondholders attached to, and forming part of, these Conditions.
In relation to Registered Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions of such Series of Registered Covered 
Bonds will be as set out in the Registered Covered Bond and the Registered CB Conditions, together with 
the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating to such Registered Covered Bond. Any reference to a 
“Registered CB Condition” other than in this section shall be deemed to be, as applicable, a reference to the 
relevant provision of the Registered Covered Bond, or the Registered CB Conditions attached as a schedule 
thereto or the provisions of the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating to such Registered Covered Bonds. 
Any reference to the Conditions or a Condition shall be referred to the Conditions and/or the Registered CB 
Conditions as the context may require. Any reference to the Covered Bondholders shall be referred to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds and/or the registered holder for the time being of a Registered Covered Bond 
as the context may require. 
Any reference to the Covered Bonds will be construed as to including the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Conditions and/or the Registered Covered Bonds as the context may require.  
1.
INTRODUCTION
1.1 
Programme: Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (the “Issuer”) has established a
covered bond programme in December 2011 (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to €
10,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of obbligazioni bancarie garantite (the “Covered
Bonds”) guaranteed by Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. Covered Bonds are issued pursuant to, and
in compliance with, the provisions of Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99, as amended and supplemented
from time to time (“Law 130/99”) and the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy relating to
covered bonds under Part III, Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013, containing the
“Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and amended (the “BoI
Regulations” and together with Law 130/99, the “Covered Bonds Law”) as amended and
implemented from time to time.
1.2 
Final Terms: Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one
or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Covered Bonds. Each Series or Tranche is the subject of
final terms (the “Final Terms”) which complete these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”).
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds are these
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between
these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail.
184

--- Page 185 ---
185
1.3 
Guarantee: Each Series of Covered Bonds is the subject of a guarantee executed on or about the First 
Issue Date (the “Guarantee”) entered into between the Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Bondholders (as defined below) for the purpose of guaranteeing the payments due from the Issuer in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of all Series issued under the Programme. The Guarantee will be 
collateralised and backed by a portfolio constituted by certain eligible assets assigned from time to 
time to the Guarantor pursuant to Master Purchase Agreement and the Portfolio Management 
Agreement (as defined below) and in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bonds Law. It 
being understood that the recourse of the Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be 
limited to the assets of the Cover Pool (as defined below). 
1.4 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreement: In respect of each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Dealer(s) (as defined below) has/have agreed to 
subscribe for the Covered Bonds and pay the relevant Issue Price (as defined below) on the relevant 
Issue Date (as defined below) pursuant to the provisions of the agreement entered into between, 
inter alios, the Issuer and the dealer(s) named therein and/or acceding thereto (the “Dealers”) on 
or about the First Issue Date (as lastly amended and restated on 21 September 2023, the 
“Programme Agreement”), as supplemented (if applicable) by a subscription agreement to be 
entered into on or about the relevant Issue Date of any Series or Tranche among the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) (the “Subscription Agreement”).  
1.5 
Euronext Securities Milan Mandate Agreement: In a mandate agreement with Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
(“Euronext Securities Milan”) (the “Euronext Securities Milan Mandate Agreement”), 
Euronext Securities Milan has agreed to provide the Issuer with certain depository and 
administration services in relation to the Covered Bonds. 
1.6 
The Covered Bonds: Except where stated otherwise, all subsequent references in these Conditions to 
“Covered Bonds” are to the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms, but 
all references to “each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds” are to both (i) the Covered Bonds which 
are the subject of the relevant Final Terms and (ii) each other Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme which is outstanding from time to time. 
1.7 
Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders: The rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders (the 
“Rules”) are attached to, and form an integral part of, these Conditions. References in these 
Conditions to the Rules include such rules as from time to time modified in accordance with the 
provisions contained therein and any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental 
thereto. Bondholders are deemed to have notice of, are entitled to the benefit of and are bound by, 
inter alia, the terms of the Rules. 
1.8 
Rights of the Bondholders: The rights and powers of the Bondholders and of the Representative of 
the Bondholders shall be exercised in accordance with these Conditions, the Rules and the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
1.9 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Transaction Documents (as 
defined below) and are subject to their detailed provisions. Bondholders are deemed to have notice 
of, are entitled to the benefit of and are bound by, all the provisions of the Transaction Documents 
applicable to them. Copies of the Transaction Documents are available for inspection by Bondholders 
during normal business hours at the registered office of the Representative of the Bondholders from 
time to time and, where applicable, at the Specified Office(s) of the Paying Agent. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Acceptance Date (Data di Accettazione) means (i) with respect to the purchase of each Subsequent 
Portfolio, a date falling not later than the third Business Day preceding each Issue Date, and (ii) with respect 
to the purchase of each Further Portfolio, a date falling not later than the third Business Day preceding each 
Guarantor Payment Date. 
Account means each of the Collection Account, the Transaction Account, the Securities Account, the 
Reserve Account and the Expenses Account and any other account which may be opened in the name of the 
Guarantor for the deposit of any Eligible Asset, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets and/or Eligible 
Investments under the Cash Management Agreement. 
Account Bank means Mediobanca or any other entity appointed from time to time to act as such in 
accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Accrual Yield has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Additional Seller means any additional entity of the Mediobanca Group which may from time to time 
enter into the Programme in capacity as seller under the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount means the amount calculated pursuant to the formula set out in 
clause 2.2 of the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
Amortisation Test means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of the Portfolio 
Management Agreement in order to ensure that, on each Calculation Date, following the delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice, the outstanding principal balance of the Cover Pool which for such purpose is considered as 
an amount equal to the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is higher than or equal to the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount has the meaning ascribed to it in the Portfolio 
Management Agreement. 
Amortisation Test Verification has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 7 of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. 
Article 74 Event means the issuance of a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Banking Act in respect of 
the Issuer. 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Bondholders on 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor, stating that the Article 74 Event has been revoked. 
Asset Coverage Test means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of the Portfolio 
Management Agreement in order to ensure that, on the relevant Calculation Date, the Adjusted Aggregate 
Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. 
Asset Coverage Test Verification has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 4 of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the First Issue 
Date between the Asset Monitor, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Servicer, the Representative of the 
Bondholders and the Test Report Provider.

--- Page 187 ---
187
Asset Monitor means BDO Italia S.p.A. or any other entity appointed from time to time to act as such in 
accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement and in compliance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
Asset Monitor Report means the report which shall be delivered by the Asset Monitor on each Asset 
Monitor Report Date to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Test Report Provider and the 
Representative of the Bondholders pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Asset Monitor Agreement.  
Asset Monitor Report Date means the date on which an Asset Monitor Report shall be delivered by the 
Asset Monitor, namely: 
(i) 
with respect to the Mandatory Test Verification, the Liquidity Buffer Test Verification, the 
Integration Limits Verification and the Asset Coverage Test Verification, 10 Business Days following 
receipt of the relevant Test Performance Report by the Test Report Provider on each of (a) the 
Calculation Date immediately following the First Issue Date, (b) the Calculation Date immediately 
preceding each anniversary date of the First Issue Date and (c) each Calculation Date as referred to in 
Clause 8.2 (Breach of Mandatory Test and Asset Coverage Test prior to an Issuer Default Notice), 
Clause 8.3 (Breach of Liquidity Buffer Test) and Clause 8.4 (Breach of Integration Limits) upon 
occurrence of the circumstances set out thereunder; or 
(ii) 
with respect to the Amortisation Test Verification, 10 Business Days following receipt of the Test 
Performance Report to be delivered by the Test Report Provider (on behalf of the Guarantor) on each 
Calculation Date after service of an Issuer Default Notice (but prior to a Guarantor Default Notice). 
Asset Percentage means (i) 84 per cent. or (ii) such lesser percentage figure as determined from time to 
time by the Test Report Provider (on behalf of the Guarantor and in accordance with the Rating Agency’s 
methodology) and notified to Fitch and the Representative of the Bondholders, provided that the Asset 
Percentage may not, at any time, be higher than 84 per cent. 
The Guarantor (or the Test Report Provider on its behalf) will, on the Calculation Date, send notification to 
Fitch and the Representative of the Bondholders of the percentage figure selected by it, being the difference 
between 100 per cent. and the amount of credit enhancement required to maintain the then current ratings 
of the covered bonds.  
The Asset Percentage will be adjusted from time to time in order to ensure that sufficient credit enhancement 
will be maintained. 
Assets (Attivi) means, collectively, the Eligible Assets, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets which 
will be transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme. 
Available Funds (Fondi Disponibili) means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the Principal 
Available Funds. 
Banking Act (TUB) means Legislative Decree 1 September 1993, No. 385 as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. 
Base Interests (Tasso di Interesse) means the base interests due by the Guarantor under Clause 5.1 (Tasso 
di Interesse della Tranche A) and 5.2 (Tasso di Interesse della Tranche B) of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
Benchmarks Regulation means the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or 
to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended or supplemented from time to time.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
Beneficiary means the Bondholders and any other person or entity entitled to receive a payment from the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee, in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law.  
BoI Regulations (Regolamento della Banca d’Italia) means supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy 
relating to covered bonds under Part III, Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013, containing 
the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and amended. 
Bondholders (Portatori dei Covered Bond) means the holders, from time to time, of any Covered Bonds of 
each Series of Covered Bonds. 
Borrower means any person in favour of which any Mortgage Loan or Public Asset has been granted by the 
Seller. 
Breach of Test Notice means the notice delivered by the Representative of the Bondholders in accordance 
with the terms of the Portfolio Management Agreement and Condition 11. 
Business Day (Giorno Lavorativo) means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are 
generally open for business in Milan, Luxembourg and London and on which the T2 System (or any 
successor thereto) is open. 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a 
Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified 
Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such date 
should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date will be 
the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, 
in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business 
Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar 
month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred;

--- Page 189 ---
189 
and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention. 
Calculation Agent means Mediobanca or any other entity appointed from time to time to act as such in 
accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Calculation Date means (i) with reference to the activities to be carried out by the Calculation Agent, a date 
falling not later than the second Business Day preceding each Guarantor Payment Date, and (ii) with 
reference to the activities to be carried out by the Test Report Provider, a date falling not later than the 3rd 
Business Day following the Quarterly Report Date.  
Call Option has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Cash Management Agreement means the cash management agreement entered into on or about the 
First Issue Date between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Seller, the Account Bank, the 
Investment Manager, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Interest Determination Agent, the Paying 
Agent, the Test Report Provider and the Representative of the Bondholders, as amended and restated on 21 
September 2023 in order to make the agreement compliant with the provisions of Title 1-bis of the Law 
130/99 and the BoI Regulations and subsequently amended on 4 February 2025. 
CB Payment Date means the First CB Payment Date and any date or dates specified as such in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months 
following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first CB Payment Date) or the previous 
CB Payment Date (in any other case). 
CB Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any CB Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the following CB Payment Date. 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking Société Anonyme, Luxembourg with offices at 42 avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Collection Account means the euro denominated bank account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Account Bank, IBAN: IT82Y1063101600000070201377, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
Collection Period (Periodo di Incasso) means the quarterly periods of each year commencing on (and 
including) the first calendar day of months of January, April, July and October and ending on (and 
including), respectively, the last calendar day of the months of March, June, September and December and, 
in the case of the first Collection Period in relation to the Initial Portfolio, commencing on (and excluding) 
the Initial Valuation Date and ending on (and excluding) the first calendar day of month of January 2012.

--- Page 190 ---
190
Collection Policies (Procedure di Riscossione) means the procedures implemented by the Servicer for the 
management, collection and recovery of the instalments and all and any other amounts from time to time 
due in relation to the Assets, pursuant to the Schedule 1 to the Servicing Agreement.  
CONSOB means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
Corporate Servicer (Prestatore di Servizi Amministrativi) means Studio Rock STP S.r.l., with registered 
office at Via Filippo Turati 29, 20121, Milan, Italy, VAT number 10036360153. 
Corporate Services Agreement (Contratto di Servizi Amministrativi) means the agreement entered into 
on 21 December, 2023 between the Guarantor and the Corporate Servicer pursuant to which the Corporate 
Servicer will provide certain administration services to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme. 
Covered Bonds Law (Normativa sui Covered Bond) means, jointly, the discipline applicable to the 
covered bonds according to the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations. 
Covered Bond means any covered bond of any Series issued from time to time by the Issuer in the context 
of the Programme. 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements means the 1992 ISDA Master Agreements entered into between the 
Guarantor and the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty on or about the First Issue Date, together with 
the relevant Schedule, the relevant Credit Support Annex which may be from time to time entered into in the 
context of the Programme and the relevant confirmations, which may be from time to time entered into in 
the context of the Programme, documenting the interest rate swap transactions supplemental thereto. 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty means Mediobanca, acting in such capacity or any other entity acting 
as such pursuant to the Covered Bond Swap Agreements. 
Cover Pool (Patrimonio Separato) means the cover pool constituted by (i) the Eligible Assets, (ii) the 
Integration Assets and (iii) the Liquid Assets, purchased from time to time by the Guarantor in the context of 
the Programme. 
Cover Pool Swap Agreement means the 1992 ISDA Master Agreements entered into between the Issuer 
and the Cover Pool Swap Counterparty on or about the First Issue Date, together with the relevant Schedule, 
the relevant Credit Support Annex which may be from time to time entered into in the context of the 
Programme and the relevant confirmations, which may be from time to time entered into in the context of 
the Programme, documenting the interest rate swap transactions supplemental thereto. 
Cover Pool Swap Counterparty means Mediobanca, acting in such capacity or any other entity acting as 
such pursuant to the Cover Pool Swap Agreement. 
CRR means the Regulation (EU) No. 575 of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms (as from time to time amended and modified). 
Current Balance means in relation to a Mortgage Loan and/or any other Asset and/or any Eligible 
Investment at any given date, the Outstanding Principal Balance relating to that Mortgage Loan and/or that 
Asset and/or that Eligible Investment as at that date.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and:  
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means:

--- Page 191 ---
191
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it falls, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360; 
(v) 
if 30/360 (Fixed rate) is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months 
(unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month); 
(vi) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the CB Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a CB Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(vii) 
if 30/360 (Floating Rate) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows  
 
Day Count Fraction =   
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x






--- Page 192 ---
192
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
 
Day Count Fraction =  
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(ix) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which 
payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction =  
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x






--- Page 193 ---
193
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, provided, however, that in each such case the 
number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from and including the first day of the 
Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period. 
Dealers means Mediobanca and Mediobanca International, as well as any other entity which may be 
appointed as such by the Issuer upon execution of a letter in the terms or substantially in the terms set out in 
Schedule 8 (Form of Dealer Accession Letter) to the Programme Agreement on any other terms acceptable to 
the Issuer and such entity.  
Debtor (Debitore Ceduto) means any borrower, any person which has granted a Security Interest and/or 
any other person who is liable for the payment or repayment of amounts due in respect of an Asset or a 
Security Interest and Debtors means from time to time all of them. 
Decree No. 239 means the Italian Legislative Decree 1 April 1996, No. 239 as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
Deed of Charge means the English law deed of charge entered into on or about the First Issue Date 
between the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders (acting as security trustee for the 
Bondholders and for the other Secured Creditors). 
Defaulted Assets (Attivi in Sofferenza) means (A) any Asset arising from Mortgage Loans and Public 
Assets included in the Cover Pool (a) for which it has been established the ineffectiveness of recovery actions, 
and in relation to which the relevant Debtor has been classified as being “in sofferenza” by the Servicer in 
accordance with the Bank of Italy regulations as amended and updated from time to time and collection 
policy thereof, and (B) the Assets different from the Mortgage Loans and the Public Assets included in the 
Cover Pool in relation to which the relevant Debtor has been classified as being “in sofferenza” by the 
Servicer in accordance with the Bank of Italy regulations as amended and updated from time to time and 
collection policy thereof. 
Defaulting Party has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Swap Agreements. 
Delinquent Assets (Attivi Deteriorati) means (A) any Asset arising from Mortgage Loans and the Public 
Assets included in the Cover Pool (a) having a material arrear of more than 90 days or (b) having at least four 
instalments which are past due and fully unpaid, even if such instalments are not consecutive, or (c) 
classified as “a forborne non performing”, or (d) consequential to a measure of granting with a decreased 
financial obligation of more than 1% or (e) connected to debtors which have entered into negotiated crisis 
settlements for over-indebtdness or (f) connected to an established fraud (“inadempienza probabile”) and 
(B) the Assets different from the Mortgage Loans and the Public Assets included in the Cover Pool in relation 
to which the relevant Debtor has been classified as being “ad inadempienza probabile” by the Servicer in 
accordance with the Bank of Italy regulations as amended and updated from time to time and collection 
policy thereof.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
Due for Payment Date means (a) a Scheduled Due for Payment Date (as defined below) or (b) following 
the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the date on which the Guarantor Default Notice is served on 
the Guarantor. If the Due for Payment Date is not a Business Day, Due for Payment Date will be the next 
Business Day. 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has or have the 
earliest Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date and the relevant Extension Period has already started) as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Date means, as applicable, the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) or the date on which any Series of Covered Bonds is to be redeemed pursuant to 
Condition 8 (c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Early Termination Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount of 
such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the Terms and 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms. 
Eligible Assets (Attivi Idonei) means the following assets contemplated under article 7-novies of the Law 
130/99 and article 129 of the CRR: 
(i) 
the Residential Mortgage Loans; 
(ii) 
the Non Residential Mortgage Loans; and 
(iii) 
the Public Assets. 
Criteria (Criteri) means (i) with respect to the Initial Portfolio, collectively, the General Criteria and the 
Specific Criteria of the Initial Portfolio and (ii) with respect to the Subsequent Portfolios and Further 
Portfolios, collectively, the General Criteria, the Specific Criteria and the Further Criteria (if any) of the 
relevant Subsequent Portfolio or Further Portfolio. 
Eligible Institution means any depository institution organised under the laws of any State which is a 
member of the European Union or of the United States having a Long-Term Rating at least equal to  “BBB” or 
a Short-Term Rating at least equal to “F2” by Fitch or which is guaranteed by an entity having a Long-Term 
Rating at least equal to  “BBB” or a Short-Term Rating at least equal to “F2” by Fitch. 
Eligible Investments means the Euro denominated senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt 
instruments, provided that, in all cases:  
(a)  
such investments are immediately repayable on demand, disposable without penalty or have a 
maturity date falling on or before the third Business Day preceding the Guarantor Payment Date 
immediately succeeding the Collection Period in respect of which such eligible investments were 
made;  
(b)  
such investments provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than 
the initially invested amount) or in case of repayment or disposal, the principal amount upon 
repayment or disposal is at least equal to the principal amount invested and cannot include any 
embedded options (unless full payment of principal is paid in cash upon the exercise of the 
embedded option;

--- Page 195 ---
195
(c)  
such debt securities or other debt instruments having at least:  
(1)  
“BBB” or ”F2”, for investments maturing up to 30 days; 
(2) 
“AA-” or “F1+”, for investments maturing from 30 days to 365 days; 
 
(d)   
a Euro denominated time deposit (including, for avoidance of any doubt, a term deposit) opened 
with the Account Bank or any other Eligible Institution; and 
(e) 
repurchase transactions between the Guarantor and an Eligible Institution in respect of Euro 
denominated debt securities or other debt instruments having the rating requirements specified 
under paragraph (c) above, provided that (i) title to the securities underlying such repurchase 
transactions (in the period between the execution of the relevant repurchase transactions and their 
respective maturity) effectively passes to the Guarantor and the obligations of the relevant 
counterparty are not related to the performance of the underlying securities, (ii) such repurchase 
transactions have a maturity date falling on or before the third Business Day preceding the 
Guarantor Payment Date immediately succeeding the Collection Period in respect of which such 
eligible investments were made, 
provided that any such investments shall comply with the requirements under article 129 of the CRR.  
EURIBOR shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Euro, € and EUR refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which adopt the 
single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community. 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., with offices at 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
Euro Equivalent means, in case of an issuance of Covered Bonds denominated in currency other than the 
Euro, an equivalent amount expressed in Euro calculated by the Calculation Agent at the prevailing exchange 
rate or, in case a cross-currency swap has been entered in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the exchange 
rate of the relevant cross-currency swap. 
Euronext Securities Milan means Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
Euronext Securities Milan Account Holders means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euronext Securities Milan (as intermediari 
aderenti) in accordance with Article 83-quater of Legislative Decree No. 58/98 and includes any depositary 
banks approved by Clearstream and Euroclear. 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts means any additional amounts relating to default interest or 
interest upon interest payable by the Issuer. 
Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts means any additional amounts relating to prepayments, early 
redemption, broken funding indemnities, or penalties payable by the Issuer. 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount means any termination payment due and payable by the 
Guarantor to a Swap Counterparty, where the Swap Counterparty is the Defaulting Party or the sole Affected 
Party pursuant to the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Expenses Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank, IBAN: IT78T1063101600000070201380, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement, into which the Retention Amount will be 
credited and from which any Expenses and Taxes will be paid during the period comprised between 
a Guarantor Payment Date and the immediately subsequent Guarantor Payment Date.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
Expenses means any documented fees, costs, expenses, to be paid by the Guarantor in order to preserve its 
corporate existence, to maintain it in good standing and to comply with applicable legislation. 
Extended Maturity Date means the date, if any, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms when final 
redemption payments in relation to a specific Series of Covered Bonds become due and payable pursuant to 
the extension of the relevant Maturity Date. 
Extension Determination Date means, with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds, the date falling 
seven days after the Maturity Date of the relevant Series.  
Extension Period means, with reference to the Series of Covered Bonds subject to an Extended Maturity 
Date, the period starting on the relevant Maturity Date (included) and ending on the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date (excluded).  
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Rules attached to the Conditions. 
Facility means the facility to be granted by the Subordinated Lender pursuant to the terms of Clause 2 of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount of 
such Series. 
Final Terms means the final terms related to each Series of Covered Bond whose form is included in the 
Prospectus. 
First CB Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
First Issue Date (Prima Data di Emissione) means the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Provisions means Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions). 
Floating Rate Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Provisions means the relevant provisions of Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions). 
Further Criteria (Criteri Ulteriori) means the eligibility criteria, other than the General Criteria and the 
Specific Criteria, which the Seller and the Guarantor may apply, from time to time, to each Subsequent 
Portfolio and Further Portfolio, specifying such further criteria in the Schedule B to the relevant Transfer 
Proposal.  
Further Portfolio (Portafoglio Ulteriore) means all the Eligible Assets, compliant with the General 
Criteria, the relevant Specific Criteria and the relevant Further Criteria (if any) and/or Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets, which may be purchased as a pool (in blocco) and pro soluto by the Guarantor 
pursuant to Clause 3 (Cessione di Ulteriori Portafogli su base revolving) of the Master Purchase Agreement. 
GDPR means Regulation (EU) no. 679 of 27 April 2016.

--- Page 197 ---
197
General Criteria (Criteri Generali) means, jointly, (i) the Mortgage General Criteria, and (ii) the Public 
Assets General Criteria. 
Guarantee means the guarantee issued on or about the First Issue Date by the Guarantor in favour of the 
Beneficiaries. 
Guaranteed Payment Obligations means the payment obligations of interest and principal in relation of 
each Series of Covered Bonds guaranteed under the Guarantee. 
Guaranteed Amounts means (a) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, with respect to any 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to (i) the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled 
Principal, in each case, payable on that Schedule Due for Payment Date or any other amounts due and 
payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds pursuant to the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms and (ii) all amounts payable by the Guarantor under the Transaction Documents ranking senior to any 
payment due in respect of the Covered Bonds according to the applicable Priority of Payments, or (b) after 
the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, an amount equal to (i) the relevant Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined and specified in the Terms and Conditions) plus all accrued and unpaid interests and all other 
amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all Excluded Scheduled Interest 
Amounts and all Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose), and (ii) all amounts 
payable by the Guarantor under the Transaction Documents ranking senior to any payment due in respect to 
the Covered Bonds according to the applicable Priority of Payments. The Guaranteed Amounts include any 
Guaranteed Amount that was timely paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Bondholders to the extent it has 
been clawed back and recovered from the Bondholders by the receiver or liquidator, in bankruptcy or other 
insolvency or similar proceedings for the Issuer named or identified in the order, and has not been paid or 
recovered from any other source (the “Clawed Back Amounts”). 
Guarantor Default Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.3 (Guarantor Events of Default). 
Guarantor Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.3 (Guarantor Events of Default). 
Guarantor means Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l., a limited liability company incorporated under the laws 
of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office at Via Filippo Turati, No. 29, 20121 Milan, Italy, Fiscal Code 
and registration with the Companies Register in Milan No. 03915310969, under the direction and 
coordination of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Guarantor Payment Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Paying Agent with number 800882300 (Iban code: IT 96 R 03479 01600 
000800882300),or such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash 
Management Agreement into which the Cash Manager (on behalf of the Guarantor) will credit by 9:00 a.m. 
of each Due for Payment Date the amounts due from time to time under the Covered Bonds and out of which 
the Paying Agent will make the payments due in favour of the Bondholders on behalf of the Guarantor after 
to the service of an Issuer Default Notice. 
Guarantor Payment Date means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling 
on the 28th day of January, April, July and October or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately 
following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, any day on which any 
payment is required to be made by the Representative of the Bondholders in accordance with the Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments, the relevant Terms and Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. The 
first Guarantor Payment Date will fall on 28 January, 2011. 
Initial Portfolio (Portafoglio Iniziale) means the portfolio of receivables arising from Residential Mortgage 
Loan Agreement purchased by the Guarantor on 30 November, 2011 pursuant to Article 2 of the Master 
Purchase Agreement in order to allow Mediobanca to issue the First Series of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement (Contratto di Finanziamento Subordinato Iniziale) means the 
subordinated loan agreement entered into between the Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor on 30 
November, 2011. 
Initial Subordinated Loan (Finanziamento Subordinato Iniziale) means the subordinated loan granted 
by the Subordinated Lender in favour of the Guarantor pursuant to the Initial Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
Initial Valuation Date (Data di Valutazione Iniziale) means, with reference to the Initial Portfolio, the 
date falling on 30 September, 2011.  
Initial Transfer Date (Data di Cessione Iniziale) means, with reference to the Initial Portfolio, the date on 
which the Publicities provided for in the Master Purchase Agreement have been carried out. 
Insolvency Event means in respect of any company, entity or corporation that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable liquidation, 
administration, insolvency, composition or reorganisation (including, without limitation, 
“liquidazione giudiziale”, “liquidazione coatta amministrativa”, “concordato preventivo” and 
“amministrazione straordinaria”, each such expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the 
laws of the Republic of Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, winding-up, reorganisation, 
dissolution, administration) or similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of such company, entity or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any 
procedure having a similar effect (other than in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets 
purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), 
unless in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders, (who may in this respect rely on the 
advice of a legal adviser selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a 
reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) above is made in respect of 
or by such company, entity or corporation or such proceedings are otherwise initiated against such 
company or corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders (who may in 
this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), the commencement of such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment of deferment of any of its 
obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Transaction Documents) 
or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any 
guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of payments (other than, in 
respect of the Issuer, the issuance of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Act); or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution in 
any form of such company, entity or corporation or any of the events under article 2448 of the Civil 
Code occurs with respect to such company, entity or corporation (except in any such case a winding-
up or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, 
the terms of which have been previously approved in writing by the Representative of the 
Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or analogous to 
those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or corporation is deemed to 
carry on business.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
Insolvency Law means the Legislative Decree 12 January 2019, No. 14, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. 
Integration Assets (Attivi Idonei Integrativi) means the assets referred to in article 129, paragraph 1, 
letter c) of the CRR (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time), being, as the date hereof, 
exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or credit quality step 2, or exposures to 
credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 where those exposures are in the form of:  
(i) 
short‐term deposits with an original maturity not exceeding 100 days, where used to meet the cover 
pool liquidity buffer requirement of Article 16 of Directive (EU) 2019/2162; or  
(ii) 
derivative contracts that meet the requirements of Article 11(1) of that Directive, where permitted by 
the competent authorities. 
Integration Limits (Limiti di Integrazione) means the maximum percentage of Integration Assets and 
Liquidity Assets which may be comprised in the Cover Pool pursuant to article 129, paragraph 1(a), of the 
CRR. 
Integration Limits Verification has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 6 of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. 
Intercreditor Agreement (Accordo tra Creditori) means the agreement entered into on or about the First 
Issue Date between the Guarantor and the other Secured Creditors, as amended from time to time and 
restated on 21 September 2023 in order to make the agreement compliant with the provisions of Title 1-bis of 
the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations. 
Interest Amount means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and a CB Interest Period, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of that Series for that CB Interest Period. 
Interest Available Funds (Fondi Disponibili in Linea Interessi) means, on each Guarantor Payment Date: 
(i) 
any interest collected by the Servicer and/or by the Guarantor in respect of the Assets and credited 
into the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
(ii) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties received by the Servicer and/or by the Guarantor 
and credited into the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
(iii) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or deduction or expenses, if due) and paid on 
the Accounts during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(iv) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments during the preceding Collection Period; 
(v) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal received under the Cover Pool Swaps;  
(vi) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal received under each Covered Bond Swap other than 
the Swap Collateral (if any); 
(vii) 
any swap termination payments received from a Swap Counterparty under a Swap Agreement, 
provided that such amounts will first be used to pay a Replacement Swap Counterparty to enter into 
a Replacement Swap Agreement, unless a Replacement Swap Agreement has already been entered 
into by or on behalf of the Guarantor;

--- Page 200 ---
200
(viii) 
prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor amounts standing to the credit of 
the Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve Amount and following the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice on the Guarantor, any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account; 
(ix) 
all amounts to be allocated from the Principal Available Funds as Interest Shortfall Amount; 
(x) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest Available 
Funds or Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Coverage Test means the test to be calculated pursuant to the terms of the Portfolio Management 
Agreement so that the amount of interest and other revenues generated by the assets included in the Cover 
Pool (including the payments of any nature expected to be received by the Guarantor with respect to any 
Swap Agreement which comply with article 7-decies of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations), net of the 
costs borne by the Guarantor (including the expected costs related to the maintenance and administration for 
the unwinding of the Programme and the payments of any nature expected to be born or due with respect to 
any Swap Agreement), shall be at least equal to the amount of interests and costs due on all Series of Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Interest Determination Agent means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch which is appointed to act as interest 
determination agent pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement.  
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Shortfall Amount means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, the amount due and payable under 
items from (i) to (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment, to the extent that the 
Interest Available Funds are not sufficient, on such Guarantor Payment Date, to make such payments in full.  
Investor Report means the report containing certain information on the Cover Pool and on the Covered 
Bond which shall be delivered, on each Investor Report Date, by the Calculation Agent - subject to timely 
receipt of certain information - via e-mail to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Bondholders, the Cash Manager, the Seller, the Servicer, the Paying Agent, the Account Bank and the Rating 
Agency. 
Investor Report Date means a date falling not later than the second Business Day following each 
Calculation Date. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the 
first Series of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
ISDA Determination means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with Condition 6(c) 
(ISDA Determination). 
Issue Date (Data di Emissione) means each date on which any Series of Covered Bond will be issued in the 
context of the Programme. 
Issuer means Mediobanca. 
Issuer Default Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.1 (Issuer Events of Default).

--- Page 201 ---
201
Issuer Default Notice Date means the date on which the Guarantor has received the Issuer Default Notice 
sent by the Representative of the Bondholders. 
Issuer Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.1 (Issuer Events of Default). 
Issuer Payment Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Issuer with 
the Paying Agent with number 800882200 (Iban code: IT 76 Q 03479 01600 000800882200), or such other 
substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement, into which the 
Issuer will credit by 9:00 a.m. of each CB Payment Date the amounts due from time to time under the 
Covered Bonds and out of which the Paying Agent will make the payments due in favour of the Bondholders 
on behalf of the Issuer prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice. 
Joint Resolution means the resolution of 13 August, 2018 jointly issued by CONSOB and the Bank of Italy 
and published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) 
No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as amended from time to time. 
Latest Maturing Covered Bonds means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has or have the 
latest Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date and the relevant Extension Period has already started) as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Latest Valuation means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset, the value given to the relevant 
Real Estate Asset by the most recent valuation (to be performed in accordance with the requirements 
provided for under the prudential regulations for banks issued by the Bank of Italy) addressed to the Seller or 
obtained from an independently maintained valuation model, acceptable to reasonable and prudent 
institutional mortgage lenders in Italy. 
Life of the Programme means the period of time comprised between the First Issue Date and the latest of 
(i) the date on which the Revolving Period has elapsed and (ii) the Programme End Date. 
Liquid Assets means the assets identified under article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letter a) and letter b), of 
the Law 130/99, as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time, being as at the date hereof: 
(i) 
high quality liquid assets pursuant to the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61, adopted 
pursuant of article 460 of the CRR, which are not been issued by the bank itself, by its parent company, 
(except that the latter is a public sector body other than one bank), by a subsidiary of the issuing bank, by 
another subsidiary of the parent company or by a securitisation vehicle with which the bank has close links; 
and 
(ii) 
exposures with an original term equal to or less than 90 (ninety) days to banks that are classified in the 
merit classes of credit 1 or 2 or short-term deposits with any bank classified in credit quality steps 1, 2 or 3, 
pursuant to the provisions of article 129, paragraph 1, letter c), of the CRR, as amended by Regulation (EU) 
no. 2160/2019, 
provided that such assets satisfy the requirements to qualify as Eligible Investments. 
Liquidity Buffer Test means the requirement set forth in article 7-duodecies of the Law 130/99 that the 
amount of Liquid Assets comprised in the Cover Pool shall, on a continuing basis, be equal to or higher than 
the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 days, provided that, for 
the purposes of calculating the Net Liquidity Outflows, the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds shall be deemed to be due on the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date (where applicable) and not on 
the relevant Final Maturity Date.

--- Page 202 ---
202
Liquidity Buffer Test Verification has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 5 of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. 
Long-Term Deposit Rating means the long-term rating which may be assigned from Fitch to a bank 
account provider. 
Long-Term IDR means, with reference to an institution, the long-term issuer default rating (IDR) assigned 
from Fitch to such institution. 
Long-Term Rating means (i) with reference to the Account Bank, a Long-Term Deposit Rating (if assigned 
from Fitch) or a Long-Term IDR (where no Long-Term Deposit Rating is assigned from Fitch); and (ii) in any 
other case, a Long-Term IDR. 
Main Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the main financial centre for that currency 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the main financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Interest Determination Agent and/or the Paying Agent (as the case may be); and  
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case of a 
payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Interest Determination agent and/or 
the Paying Agent (as the case may be).  
Mandatory Test means the tests provided for under article 7-undecies, paragraph 1 of the Law 130/99. 
Mandatory Test Verification has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 3 of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Master Definitions Agreement (Accordo Quadro sulle Definizioni) means the master definitions 
agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Seller and the Representative of the Bondholders, containing all the definitions of the terms used in the 
Transaction Documents, as amended from time to time and restated on 21 September 2023 in order to make 
the agreement compliant with the provisions of Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations. 
Master Purchase Agreement (Contratto Quadro di Cessione) means the master purchase agreement 
entered into on 30 November, 2011 between, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Seller, as amended from time 
to time and restated on 21 September 2023 in order to make the agreement compliant with the provisions of 
Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations. 
Maturity Date (Data di Scadenza Convenzionale) means the date on which final redemption payments in 
relation to a specific Series of Covered Bonds become due in accordance with the Final Terms.  
Maximum Rate of Interest has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Mediobanca Group (Gruppo Mediobanca) means the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
Mediobanca International means Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A., a société anonyme 
subject to Luxembourg law and having its registered office at 14 Boulevard Roosevelt L-2450 Luxembourg, 
registered at the Luxembourg trade and companies registry under registration number B 112885.

--- Page 203 ---
203
Meeting has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
Minimum 
Overcollateralisation 
Requirement 
means 
the 
requirement 
for 
a 
minimum 
overcollateralization equal to 5%, as set out in article 129, paragraph 3(a), of the CRR and in the Bank of Italy 
Regulation. 
Minimum Rate of Interest has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Mortgage Loan General Criteria (Criteri Generali dei Crediti Ipotecari) means the general criteria on 
the basis of which shall be selected the Mortgage Loans to be included in each Portfolio, as specified in the 
Schedule 1 – Part I – Section I to the Master Purchase Agreement.  
Mortgage Loan Agreement means any Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement or Non Residential 
Mortgage Loan Agreement out of which the Receivables arise. 
Mortgage Loan means a Residential Mortgage Loan or a Non Residential Mortgage Loan, as the case may 
be, the claims in respect of which have been and/or will be transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Mortgages (Ipoteche) means the mortgages created on the Real Estate Assets pursuant to Italian law in 
order to secure claims in respect of the Receivables. 
Negative Carry Factor means (i) nil if the relevant Covered Bond has a corresponding Cover Pool Swap 
structured as Total Balance Guaranteed Swap, otherwise (ii) a percentage calculated by reference to the 
weighted average margin of the Covered Bonds and will, in any event, be not less than 0.5 per cent. 
Net Liquidity Outflow means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal and interest 
payments, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day for claims related to the Cover Pool, 
calculated in accordance with article 7-duodecies of the Law 130/99 and Section III, paragraph 3, of the Bank 
of Italy Regulation, it being understood that, when the Maturity Date of a Series is extended to the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date, the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Series to be taken into account shall be 
based on the relevant Extended Maturity Date and not on the relevant Final Maturity Date. 
Non Residential Mortgage Loan (Mutuo Ipotecario Non Residenziale) means any Mortgage Loan 
secured by a Mortgage on a Real Estate Asset intended to commercial activities (destinato ad uso 
commerciale) comprised in the Cover Pool. 
Non Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement (Contratto di Mutuo Ipotecario Non Residenziale) means 
any commercial mortgage loan agreement under which a Non Residential Mortgage Loan has been granted 
in favour to the relevant Debtor. 
Offer Date (Data di Offerta) means (i) with respect to the purchase of each Subsequent Portfolio, a date 
falling not later than the fourth Business Day preceding each Issue Date, and (ii) with respect to the purchase 
of each Further Portfolio, a date falling not later than the fourth Business Day preceding each Guarantor 
Payment Date, i.e. the date within which the Seller may send to the Guarantor the Transfer Proposal 
pursuant to Article 2.2 of the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Organisation of the Bondholders means the association of the Bondholders, organised pursuant to the 
Rules. 
Outstanding Principal Balance means, at any date, in relation to a Mortgage Loan, and/or any other 
Asset and/or any Eligible Investment, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such Mortgage 
Loan or such other Asset or such Eligible Investment at such date. 
Paying Agent means Mediobanca, as long as it is an Eligible Institution and provided that an Issuer Event 
of Default has not occurred, otherwise BNP Paribas, Italian Branch which is appointed to act as paying agent 
under the terms of the Cash Management Agreement, and any of its successors. 
Payment Business Day means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment are open for 
payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies and any day 
which is: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in the Main Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre. 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
Place of Payment means, in respect of any Bondholders, the place at which such Bondholder receives 
payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds. 
Portfolio Management Agreement means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date 
between the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Test Report Provider, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent 
and the Representative of the Bondholders, as amended and restated on 21 September 2023 in order to make 
the agreement compliant with the provisions of Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations and 
subsequently amended on 4 February 2025. 
Portfolio (Portafoglio) means, collectively, the Initial Portfolio, any Subsequent Portfolios and any Further 
Portfolios which will be purchased by the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Master Purchase 
Agreement. 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payment means the order of priority pursuant to which 
the Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, in accordance with Clause 5.4 of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payment means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the service of an Issuer Default 
Notice, but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, in accordance with Clause 5.3 of the 
Intercreditor Agreement.

--- Page 205 ---
205
Potential Set-Off Amounts means an amount calculated on a quarterly basis by the Servicer and 
communicated to the Rating Agency as a percentage of the Cover Pool that the Servicer determines 
as potentially subject to set-off risk by the relevant Debtors, taking into consideration the portion of the 
Debtors having current and deposit accounts opened with the Seller.   
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of 
an Issuer Default Notice, in accordance with Clause 5.1 of the Intercreditor Agreement.  
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payment means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of 
an Issuer Default Notice, in accordance with Clause 5.2 of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payment means, as applicable, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payment or the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payment. 
Premium Interests means, on any Guarantor Payment Date:  
(A) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive difference 
between (a) the sum of the Interest Available Funds, with respect to the immediately preceding 
Collection Period, and (b) the algebraic sum of the amounts due by the Guarantor under items from 
(i) to (xi) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; or 
(B) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default but prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor 
Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive difference between (a) the sum of the Available 
Funds with respect to the immediately preceding Collection Period and (b) the algebraic sum of the 
amounts due by the Guarantor under items from (i) to (ix) (included) of the Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority of Payments; or 
(C) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive difference 
between (a) the sum of the Available Funds with respect to the immediately preceding Collection 
Period and (b) the algebraic sum of the amounts due by the Guarantor under items from (i) to (vii) 
(included) of the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments.  
Principal Amount Outstanding means, on any date: (a) in relation to a Covered Bond, the principal 
amount of that Covered Bond upon issue less the aggregate amount of any principal payments in respect of 
that Covered Bond which have become due and payable (and been paid) on or prior to that date; and (b) in 
relation to the Covered Bonds outstanding at any time, the aggregate of the amount in (a) in respect of all 
Covered Bonds outstanding. 
Principal Available Funds means, on each Guarantor Payment Date: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer and/or the Guarantor in respect of the Cover Pool and 
credited to the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by the Servicer and/or the Guarantor and 
credited from time to time to the Transaction Account;  
(c) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the Assets; 
(d) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under any Swap Agreements other than the Swap 
Collateral (if any); and

--- Page 206 ---
206 
(e) 
principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool in the past Collection Periods 
but still standing to the credit of the Transaction Account. 
Priorities of Payments (Ordine di Priorità dei Pagamenti) means each of the orders in which the 
Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Privacy Code means the legislative decree no. 196 dated 30 June 2003 as amended and supplemented from 
time to time, as well as any implementing regulations thereto. 
Privacy Rules means the Privacy Code, the GDPR and any other legislative act or provision of an 
administrative or regulatory nature - adopted by the Italian Privacy Authority (Autorità Garante per la 
Protezione dei Dati Personali) and/or other competent authority - in force from time to time. 
Program Debtor means any Counterparty who is or may become the debtor of any of the claims and rights 
over which the Pledge is hereby created other than the Debtors. 
Programme End Date means the earlier between (i) the date falling on a year and one day after the 
Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full at their relevant Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, if 
applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms) and (ii) in case of prepayment in full of the Covered Bonds, 
the date falling on two years and one day after the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full. 
Programme (Programma) means the covered bonds issue programme for the issuance of several Series of 
Covered Bond by the Issuer pursuant to Title 1-bis of Law 130/99. 
Programme Agreement means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date between the 
Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Initial Dealer, as amended 
from time to time and restated on 21 September 2023 in order to make the agreement compliant with the 
provisions of Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations. 
Programme Resolution has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
Publicity (Pubblicità) means, in relation to each Portfolio, collectively: (i) the publication on the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy of the transfer notice of such Portfolio, substantially in the form attached 
under Schedule 4 to the Master Purchase Agreement and (ii) the filing of an application for the registration of 
such assignment with the competent Companies’ Register.  
Public Assets (Attivi Pubblici) means the exposures to, or guaranteed by, the public entities and other 
subjects referred to in Article 129, paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR. 
Public Assets General Criteria (Criteri Generali degli Attivi Pubblici) means the general criteria on the 
basis of which shall be selected the Public Assets to be included in each Subsequent Portfolio and/or Further 
Portfolio, as specified in the Schedule 1 – Part I – Section II to the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Put Option has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to the Paying Agent by any Bondholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Bondholder. 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by the Paying Agent to a depositing Bondholder upon deposit 
of Covered Bonds with the Paying Agent by any Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered 
Bonds at the option of the Bondholder.

--- Page 207 ---
207
Quarterly Report (Rendiconto Trimestrale) means the quarterly report prepared by the Servicer pursuant 
to Article 3.14 of the Servicing Agreement to be sent by the Servicer within the Quarterly Report Date to the 
Guarantor, the Seller, the Issuer, the Asset Monitor, the Rating Agency, the Calculation Agent, the Corporate 
Services Provider, the Swap Counterparties and the Representative of the Bondholders. 
Quarterly Report Date (Data di Rendiconto Trimestrale) means the date falling on the 14th day of 
January, April, July and October or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business 
Day.  
Quota 
Capital 
Account 
means 
the 
Euro 
denominated 
account 
IBAN 
No. 
IT75P1063101600000070092700 opened with Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., where the 
issued and paid-up corporate capital account of the Guarantor has been deposited. 
Quotaholders' Agreement means the agreement entered into on 18 November 2021 between the 
Guarantor, the Quotaholders and the Representative of the Bondholders. 
Quotaholders means Mediobanca Premier S.p.A. and SPV Holding S.r.l. and each assignee of the relevant 
participation in the issued and paid-up corporate capital of the Guarantor. 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
Rating Agency means Fitch. 
Real Estate Asset (Immobile) means any real estate asset mortgaged as security of a Receivable under a 
Mortgage Loan Agreement. 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Banks has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks selected 
by the Interest Determination Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate. 
Reference Price has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Rate means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the deposit rate, the interbank rate, the 
swap rate or bond yield, as the case may be, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date and as determined by the Interest Determination Agent. 
Reference Rate Event means, with reference to the Reference Rate applicable to a Series of a Covered 
Bond, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the Relevant Screen Page on which the Reference 
Rate appears has been discontinued or it is materially changed or (ii) a decision to withdraw the 
authorization or registration to the administrator of the Reference Rate as set out in Article 35 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation has been adopted by the competent authority. 
Registered Paying Agent means any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in respect 
of the Covered Bonds issued in a registered form under the Programme. 
Registrar means any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as registrar in respect of the 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer will keep the

--- Page 208 ---
208
register and will not delegate such activity, any reference to the Registrar will be construed as a reference to 
the Issuer. 
Regular Period means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
CB Payment Date and each successive period from and including one CB Payment Date to but 
excluding the next CB Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any 
year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not 
the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls; and  
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other than the first CB Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular 
Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls other than the 
CB Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular CB Interest Period. 
Relevant Clearing System means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxemburg and/or any other clearing 
system (other than Euronext Securities Milan) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system 
through which payments under the Covered Bonds may be made. 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the Main 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on 
which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Bondholders. 
Relevant Dealer(s) means, in relation to a Series, the Dealer(s) which is/are party to any agreement in 
writing entered into with the Issuer and the Guarantor for the issue by the Issuer and the subscription by 
such Dealer(s) of such Series pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other 
page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in 
each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for 
the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate. 
Relevant Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Representative of the Bondholders (Rappresentante dei Portatori dei Covered Bond) means the entity 
that will act as representative of the holders of each series of Covered Bonds pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents. 
Required Redemption Amount means the Euro Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding in 
respect of the relevant Covered Bond, multiplied by 1 + (Negative Carry Factor x (days to the Maturity Date of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bond (or the Extended Maturity Date if applicable)/365). 
Required Reserve Amount means, an amount which will be determined, initially, on each Issue Date for 
the relevant Series of Covered Bond and then on each Calculation Date and which will be equal to the

--- Page 209 ---
209 
aggregate amount of (a) one fourth of the annual amount payable under items (ii) and (iv) of the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment; and (b) any interest amounts due on the Covered Bond on the 
next CB Payment Date. 
Reserve Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Account Bank, IBAN: IT09W1063101600000070201383, or such other substitute account as may be opened 
in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement means any residential mortgage loan agreement out of which 
Receivables arise. 
Residential Mortgage Loan means a residential mortgage loan meeting the requirements of article 129, 
paragraph 1, letter (d) of the CRR and article 7-novies, paragraph 2, letters a) and b) of the Law 130/99. 
Revolving Period means the period of time during which Mediobanca may issue several Series of Covered 
Bonds under the Programme pursuant to Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99. 
Rules (Regolamento dei Portatori dei Covered Bond) means the rules of the organisation of the 
Bondholders, attached to the Conditions and forming an integral part thereof. 
Retention Amount means an amount equal to Euro 50,000. 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date means: 
(i) 
(a) the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Amounts is 
reached, and (b) only with respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the later of (i) the day which is two Business Days following 
the service of the Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts and 
(ii) the relevant Scheduled Payment Date; or  
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specified that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Scheduled Payment Date that would have applied if the 
Maturity Date of such series or tranche of Covered Bonds had been the Extended Maturity Date or 
such other Scheduled Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Scheduled Interest means in respect of each Scheduled Payment Date following the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice to the Guarantor, an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have been 
due and payable under the Covered Bonds on such Scheduled Payment Date as specified in the Terms and 
Conditions falling on or after the service of an Issuer Default Notice to the Guarantor (but excluding any 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts).  
Scheduled Payment Date means, in relation to any payments due under the Guarantee, each CB Payment 
Date or, if applicable under the relevant Final Terms, each Optional Redemption Date.  
Scheduled Principal means in respect of each Scheduled Payment Date following the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice to the Guarantor, an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have 
been due and repayable under the Covered Bonds on such Scheduled Payment dates as specified in the 
Terms and Conditions (but excluding any Excluded Scheduled Principal Amount).  
Screen Rate Determination means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6 (b) (Screen Rate Determination). 
Secured Creditors (Creditori Garantiti) means the Bondholders, the Seller, the Servicer, the Subordinated 
Lender, the Investment Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Asset

--- Page 210 ---
210
Monitor, the Cover Pool Swap Counterparty, the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, the Account Bank, the 
Paying Agents, the Test Report Provider, the Interest Determination Agent, the Registered Paying Agent (if 
any), the Registrar (if any), the Corporate Servicer and the Portfolio Manager (if any). 
Securities Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank, No. T55U1063101600000070201381, or such other substitute account as may be opened 
in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Security Interest (Garanzia degli Attivi) means any Mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, encumbrance and any 
other security interest or personal guarantee (garanzie reali o personali) granted in favour of the Seller in 
relation to each Mortgage Loan, Mortgage Loan Agreement or Receivables (except for the fidejussioni 
omnibus which have not been granted exclusively in relation to or in connection with the Mortgage Loans, 
Mortgage Loan Agreements or Receivables).  
Segregation Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.1 (Segregation Event). 
Selected Assets means the Eligible Assets, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets selected by the 
Portfolio Manager or by the Servicer pursuant to Clause 9 of the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
Seller (Cedente) means Mediobanca Premier in its capacity as such pursuant to the Master Purchase 
Agreement. 
Series or Series of Covered Bonds (Serie) means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of 
the Programme. 
Servicer means Mediobanca Premier in its capacity as such pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
Servicing Agreement (Contratto di Servicing) means the agreement entered into, on 30 November, 2011, 
between the Guarantor and the Servicer, as amended from time to time and restated on 21 September 2023 
in order to make the agreement compliant with the provisions of Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI 
Regulations. 
Settlement Report Date means the fifth Business Day before the Guarantor Payment Date. 
Short-Term Deposit Rating means the short-term rating which may be assigned from Fitch to a bank 
account provider. 
Short-Term IDR means, with reference to an institution, the short-term issuer default rating (IDR) 
assigned from Fitch to such institution. 
Short-Term Rating means (i) with reference to the Account Bank, a Short-Term Deposit Rating (if 
assigned from Fitch) or a Short-Term IDR (where no Short-Term Deposit Rating is assigned from Fitch); and 
(ii) in any other case, a Short-Term IDR. 
Specific Criteria (Criteri Specifici) means the eligibility criteria, other than the General Criteria, related to 
each Portfolio, as specified in the Schedule I – Part II of the Master Purchase Agreement, with respect to each 
Subsequent Portfolio and Further Portfolio. 
Specified Currency means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms).  
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, as agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 211 ---
211
Specified Office means (i) in the case of the Interest Determination Agent, Bnp Paribas, Piazza Lina Bo 
Bardi 3, Milano, Italy ; or (ii) in the case of any other Paying Agent, the offices specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or (iii) in the case of the Calculation Agent, Mediobanca, Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia 1, 20121 Milan, or, in 
each case, such other office in the same city or town as such agent may specify by notice to the Issuer and the 
other parties to the Cash Management Agreement in the manner provided therein. 
Subordinated Lender means Mediobanca Premier, in its capacity as such pursuant to the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (Contratto di Finanziamento Subordinato) means, collectively, the 
Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement and each Subsequent Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Subordinated Loan (Finanziamento Subordinato) means each subordinated loan granted by the 
Subordinated Lender in favour of the Guarantor pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Subsequent Portfolios (Portafogli Successivi) means any portfolio of Eligible Assets which may be 
purchased by the Guarantor in order to allow Mediobanca to issue other Series of Covered Bonds during the 
Revolving Period pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Subsequent Subordinated Loan Agreement (Contratto di Finanziamento Subordinato Successivo) 
means each subordinated loan agreement entered into between the Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor 
prior to each Issue Date, other than the First Issue Date. 
Subsequent Subordinated Loan (Finanziamento Subordinato Successivo) means each subordinated 
loan granted by the Subordinated Lender in favour of the Guarantor pursuant to each Subsequent 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Subsidiary has the meaning given to it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Suspension Period means the period of suspension of payments pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Act. 
Swap Agreements means (i) the Cover Pool Swap Agreement and (ii) the Covered Bond Swap Agreement.  
T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (T2) combining the 
functionalities of a Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) system with those of a Central Liquidity Management 
(CLM) system and which was launched on 20 March 2023. 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which the T2 is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
Tax (Tassa) means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any political sub-division 
thereof or any authority thereof or therein. 
Tax Deduction means a deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax. 
Terms and Conditions means the terms and conditions attached as Schedule 1 to the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
Test Grace Period means the period starting on the date on which the breach of any Test is notified by the 
Test Report Provider and ending on the following Calculation Date. 
Test Performance Report means the report to be delivered, on each Calculation Date, by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to Clause 5 of the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
Tests means, collectively, the Mandatory Tests the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test.

--- Page 212 ---
212
Total Balance Guaranteed Swap is a swap agreement aimed at providing a complete hedge against 
interest rate differentials in the SPV (i.e. the Guarantor), including the negative carry eventually arising 
between the interests matured on the Accounts and on the Integration Assets and Eligible Investments (if 
any) and the coupons to be paid on the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
Transaction Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank, IBAN: IT59Z1063101600000070201378, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Transaction Documents (Documenti del Programma) means the Master Purchase Agreement, the 
Servicing Agreement, the Cash Management Agreement, the Portfolio Management Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, the Guarantee, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap Agreements, the Quotaholders' 
Agreement, the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge and the Master Definitions Agreement, as amended from 
time to time. 
Transfer Date (Data di Cessione) means (i) with reference to the Initial Portfolio, the date on which have 
been carried out the Publicities pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement, and (ii) with reference to each 
Subsequent Portfolios, the date on which have been carried out the Publicities pursuant to Clause 2.6 of the 
Master Purchase Agreement.  
Transfer Proposal (Proposta di Cessione) means the transfer proposal sent by the Seller to the Guarantor 
in relation to each Subsequent Portfolio or Further Portfolio pursuant to Clause 2.2 of the Master Purchase 
Agreement. 
Valuation Date (Data di Valutazione) means, in respect of the Initial Portfolio, the Initial Valuation Date 
and, in respect of each Subsequent Portfolio, the date on which the economic effects of the transfer of the 
relevant Portfolio will commence. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Provisions means Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Provisions). 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds and any other 
amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms give no such meaning or specify that such 
expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to such 
Transaction Document, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue 
Date of the relevant Covered Bonds;

--- Page 213 ---
213
(v)
any reference to a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer and the
Guarantor) shall, where the context permits, include any Person who, in accordance with the
terms of such Transaction Document, becomes a party thereto subsequent to the date
thereof, whether by appointment as a successor to an existing party or by appointment or
otherwise as an additional party to such document and whether in respect of the Programme
generally or in respect of a single Series only; and
(vi)
any reference in any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other
subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference
to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-
enacted.
3.
DENOMINATION, FORM AND TITLE
3.1 
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond admitted to trading on a regulated market within
the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic
Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation
will be €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than euro, the
equivalent amount in such currency).
3.2 
The Covered Bonds are and will be issued in dematerialised form (forma dematerializzata) and will
be wholly and exclusively deposited with Euronext Securities Milan in accordance with the
provisions of (i) Article 83-bis and ff. of the Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 and (ii) the
Joint Resolution, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time, through the
relevant Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder.
3.3 
Covered Bond will at all time be evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferable by means of,
book-entries in accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 83-bis and ff. of the Legislative Decree
no. 58 of 24 February 1998 and (ii) the Joint Resolution, as subsequently amended and
supplemented from time to time. The Covered Bonds will be held by Euronext Securities Milan on
behalf of the Bondholders until redemption or cancellation thereof for the account of the relevant
Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder. Euronext Securities Milan shall act as depository for
Clearstream and Euroclear.
3.4 
No certificate or physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds.
4.
STATUS AND GUARANTEE
4.1 
Status of the Covered Bonds: The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference among
themselves and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present
and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In
the event of a compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds
realised and payable to the Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor on their behalf and will be
included in the Cover Pool, in accordance with the provisions of Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3
of the Law 130/99.
4.2 
Status of the Guarantee: The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of each Series or Tranche
of Covered Bonds when due for payment pursuant to the Conditions will be unconditionally and
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor in accordance with the Guarantee – pursuant to which the
obligations of the Guarantor constitute direct and unconditional, unsubordinated and limited
recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover Pool as provided under the Covered
Bonds Law and these Conditions. The recourse of the Bondholders to the Guarantor under the

--- Page 214 ---
214
Guarantee will be limited to the amounts received or recovered by the Guarantor in respect of the 
assets comprised into the Cover Pool. Payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be 
made subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments. Moreover, if the Issuer is 
subject to liquidazione coatta amministrativa and the Bondholderss are not satisfied in full upon the 
enforcement of the Guarantee, the Bondholders will have a claim against the Issuer for the residual 
amount ranking pari passu with all the other unsecured creditors of the Issuer. 
4.3 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct and unconditional, 
unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover Pool 
as provided under the Covered Bonds Law. The recourse of the Bondholders to the Guarantor under 
the Guarantee will be limited to the assets of the Cover Pool subject to, and in accordance with, the 
relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which specified payments will be made to other parties 
prior to payments to the Bondholders. 
4.4 
Segregation of the Portfolio: by virtue of Article 7-octies of the Law 130/99, (i) the Guarantor’s right, 
title and interest in and to the Portfolio, any amount collected from the Portfolio, any monetary 
claims accrued by the Guarantor in the context of the Programme and arising under the Transaction 
Documents, as well as any financial asset (including those constituting Eligible Investments) 
resulting from the investment of the cash referred to above from time to time owned by the 
Guarantor is segregated from any other assets of the Guarantor, and (ii) any amount deriving from 
the Portfolio and the other assets referred to above will only be available both before and after a 
winding-up of the Guarantor to satisfy the obligations of the Guarantor to the Bondholders, to the 
Other Guarantor Creditors as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement and to any third-party creditors 
of the Guarantor in respect of costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Guarantor in relation to the 
Programme. 
5. 
FIXED RATE PROVISIONS 
This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the “Fixed Rate Provisions” are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest on their outstanding principal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each CB 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) until the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by the relevant 
Bondholders or on their behalf by the Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for 
any CB Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered Bonds 
are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in 
respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(c) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered 
Bond for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other

--- Page 215 ---
215
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6. 
FLOATING RATE PROVISIONS  
This Condition 6 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the “Floating Rate Provisions” are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest on their outstanding principal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each CB 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by the relevant 
Bondholders or on their behalf by the Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be determined by 
the Interest Determination Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Interest Determination Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Interest Determination Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of 
(ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Interest Determination Agent will: 
(A) 
request the main Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and  
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and  
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Interest 
Determination Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the 
nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Interest Determination Agent) 
quoted by major banks in the Main Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, 
selected by the Interest Determination Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local 
time in the Main Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant CB Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European 
banks for a period equal to the relevant CB Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time,

--- Page 216 ---
216
and the Rate of Interest for such CB Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if 
the Interest Determination Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an 
arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any CB Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during such CB Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding CB Interest Period. 
(c) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any CB Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined 
by the Interest Determination Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Interest 
Determination Agent were acting as Interest Determination Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Fallback Provisions: if the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to, 
on or following any Interest Determination Date, that a Reference Rate Event has occurred, 
the Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant 
Interest Determination Date) appoint an agent (the “Reference Rate Determination 
Agent”), which will not later than the date which falls fifteen (15) calendar days before the 
end of the Interest Period relating to the relevant Interest Determination Date (the 
“Interest Determination Cut-off Date”) determine in a commercially reasonable 
manner whether a successor rate for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on each 
Interest Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially 
comparable to the discontinued Reference Rate is available.  
(i) 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an industry 
accepted successor rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will use such 
successor rate to determine the Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent has determined a successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, 
the “Replacement Reference Rate”), for purposes of determining the Reference 
Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination: (a) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent will also determine changes (if any) to the 
business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination 
date, the day count fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement 
Reference Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement

--- Page 217 ---
217
Reference Rate comparable to the discontinued Reference Rate, in each case in a 
manner that is consistent with industry accepted practices for such Replacement 
Reference Rate; (b) references to the Reference Rate in the Conditions and the Final 
Terms applicable to the relevant Covered Bonds will be deemed to be references to 
the Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for determining 
such rate as described in paragraph (a) above; (c) the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent will notify the Issuer, the Interest Determination Agent and to the 
Representative of the Bondholders of the foregoing as soon as reasonably 
practicable; and (d) the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to 
the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent specifying the 
Replacement Reference Rate, as well as the details described in paragraph (a) above. 
(ii)
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters
referred to above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Interest
Determination Agent, the Paying Agent and the Bondholders, unless the Issuer
considers at a later date that the Replacement Reference Rate is no longer
substantially comparable to the Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry
accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall re-appoint a Reference Rate
Determination Agent (which may or may not be the same entity as the original
Reference Rate Determination Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement
Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Reference Rate in an
identical manner as described in paragraph (i) above, which will then (in the absence
of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the
Paying Agent and the Bondholders. If the Reference Rate Determination Agent is
unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement Reference Rate,
then the last known Replacement Reference Rate will apply.
(iii)
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event
has occurred, but for any reason a Replacement Reference Rate has not been
determined by the immediately following Interest Determination Cut-off Date, no
Replacement Reference Rate will be adopted, and the Relevant Screen Page on which
appears the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last
Reference Rate available at the immediately preceding Interest Period on the
Relevant Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent.
(iv)
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (a) a leading bank or a broker-
dealer in the principal financial center of the Specified Currency (which may include
one of the Dealers involved in the issue of a Series of Covered Bonds) as appointed by
the Issuer; (b) the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer (in which case any such
determination shall be made in consultation with an independent financial advisor);
(c) the Interest Determination Agent or (d) any other entity which the Issuer
considers has the necessary competences to carry out such role, to be appointed by
the Issuer with a prior notice to the Representative of the Bondholders.
(f)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Interest Determination Agent will, as soon as
practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each
CB Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered Bond
for such CB Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of
Interest for such CB Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by
the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the

--- Page 218 ---
218
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Covered Bond 
divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any 
currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is 
to be calculated by the Interest Determination Agent, then the Interest Determination Agent 
will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is to be 
determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated by the 
Interest Determination Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Publication: The Interest Determination Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant CB Payment Date, and any other 
amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be 
notified to the Paying Agent(s) and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of 
each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and CB Payment Date) in any event not later than the 
first day of the relevant CB Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Bondholders. The Interest Determination Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest 
Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the relevant CB Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination, the Interest Determination Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Covered Bond having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Interest Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agent(s), the Bondholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Interest Determination Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for 
such purposes. 
7. 
ZERO COUPON PROVISIONS 
This Condition 7 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the “Zero Coupon Provisions” are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: If the Redemption Amount payable in 
respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and  
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) 
the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf 
of the relevant Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Interest 
Determination Agent has notified the Bondholders that it has received all sums due

--- Page 219 ---
219
in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the extent that 
there is any subsequent default in payment). 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: To the extent outstanding, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 8(b) 
(Extension of maturity) and Condition 9 (Payments). 
(b) 
Extension of maturity: Without prejudice to Conditions 11 (Segregation Event) and 14 
(Events of Default), if an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms for a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and, in accordance with article 7-
terdecies, paragraph 1(a) of the Law 130/99, the Issuer has failed to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms and, the 
Guarantor or the Calculation Agent on its behalf determines that the Guarantor has 
insufficient moneys available under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in full in respect of the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, and any amount (including any amount due to any swap 
provider(s) pursuant to the Swap Agreements) ranking pari passu or in priority therto, on the 
date falling on the Extension Determination Date (the “Maturity Extension Event”), then 
(subject as provided below), payment of the unpaid amount by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee shall be deferred until the Extended Maturity Date provided that any amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid after the Extension 
Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any relevant Payment Date thereafter 
up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
It is understood that any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds as a result of the 
occurrence of the Maturity Extension Event will not affect any order of priority applicable in 
case of compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or resolution 
(risoluzione) of the Issuer nor any Priority of Payments. 
In accordance with the provisions of article 7-terdecies, paragraph 5, of the Law 130/99 and 
the BoI Regulations, the Issuer shall notify the Bank of Italy in case an Extended Maturity 
Date has become applicable in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds further to the occurrence 
of the Maturity Extension Event, within 10 (ten) calendar days from the occurrence thereof.  
The Guarantor shall notify the relevant holders of the Covered Bonds (in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices), any relevant Swap Counterparties, the Rating Agency, the 
Representative of the Bondholders and the Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable 
and in any event at least one Business Day prior to the date specified in the preceding 
paragraph of any inability of the Guarantor to pay in full on the Extension Determination 
Date the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
the Covered Bonds pursuant to the Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such 
parties shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights 
in any such party. 
In these circumstances, on the Extension Determination Date the Guarantor shall pay (i) 
Guaranteed Amounts constituting the Scheduled Interest in respect of each such Covered 
Bond and (ii) to the extent that the Guarantor has sufficient Available Funds (as defined 
below), in part and pro rata (after paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari 
passu amounts in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments) the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds. The obligation of the

--- Page 220 ---
220
Guarantor to pay any amounts in respect of the balance of the Final Redemption Amount not 
so paid shall be deferred as described above. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period and be 
payable on the Maturity Date and on each Scheduled Payment Date up to and on the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or  
(ii) 
on any CB Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Bondholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application, administration or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the first Series or Tranche of the Covered Bonds; and  
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it,  
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were then due; or  
(2) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on a CB Payment Date, 60 days prior 
to the CB Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Paying Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
of and (B) an opinion of independent legal and fiscal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of 
such change or amendment and (C) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer shall have the amounts necessary in order to effect the early repayment at the 
date fixed for the redemption. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reason), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the 
Covered Bonds in accordance with this Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reason).

--- Page 221 ---
221
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the “Call Option” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Covered Bonds 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Covered Bonds 
to be redeemed in part shall be redeemed in the principal amount specified by the Issuer and 
the Covered Bonds will be so redeemed in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euronext Securities Milan and/or any other Relevant Clearing System (to be reflected in the 
records of such clearing systems as a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion), subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation. The notice to Bondholders referred to in 
Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the proportion of the 
Covered Bonds so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified.  
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Bondholders: If the “Put Option” is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of any Bondholder redeem 
such Covered Bonds held by it on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the 
relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with 
interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this 
Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of the Bondholders), the Bondholder must, not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit 
with the Paying Agent a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from the 
Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Put Option Notice is so deposited shall deliver 
a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the deposit in Bondholder. Once deposited in 
accordance with this Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of the Bondholders), no duly 
completed Put Option Notice may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any Covered Bonds become immediately due and 
payable or, upon due presentation of any such Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the Bondholder at such address as 
may have been given by such Bondholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold 
such Covered Bond against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Covered Bonds are held by the Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 
8(f) (Redemption at the option of the Bondholders), the Bondholder and not the Paying 
Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Covered Bonds for all purposes. 
(g) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds 
otherwise than as provided in Conditions 8(a) (Scheduled redemption) to (f) (Redemption at 
the option of Bondholders) above.

--- Page 222 ---
222
(h)
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Covered
Bonds at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of:
(i)
the Reference Price; and
(ii)
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) applied to the Reference
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Covered Bonds become
due and payable.
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 
8(h) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(i)
Cancellation: All Covered Bonds so redeemed shall be cancelled and may not be reissued.
(j)
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Covered Bonds in
the open market or otherwise and at any price. The Guarantor shall not purchase any
Covered Bonds at any time.
9.
PAYMENTS
(a)
Payments through clearing systems: Payment of interest and repayment of principal in respect of
the Covered Bonds will be credited, in accordance with the instructions of Euronext Securities Milan,
by the Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the accounts of
those banks and authorised brokers whose accounts with Euronext Securities Milan are credited with
those Covered Bonds and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised brokers from such
aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds or through
the Relevant Clearing Systems to the accounts with the Relevant Clearing Systems of the beneficial
owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext Securities
Milan and of the Relevant Clearing Systems, as the case may be.
(b)
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases
to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice
to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to
Bondholders in respect of such payments.
(c)
Payments on Business Days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered
Bond is not a Payment Business Day in the Place of Payment, the Bondholder shall not be entitled to
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such
place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.
10.
TAXATION
(a)
Gross up by Issuer: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on
account of, any present or future Taxes, unless the withholding or deduction of such Taxes is
required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt
by the Bondholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Covered Bond:

--- Page 223 ---
223
(i) 
in respect of any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or proceed of any Covered 
Bonds on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Decree No. 239 and related regulations 
of implementation which have been or may be enacted and in all circumstances in which the 
procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 have not been met or complied with; or  
(ii) 
in respect of any Covered Bond where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to 
Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as amended; or  
(iii) 
in respect of any Covered Bond where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to 
Italian Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, converted into Law No. 649 of 25 
November 1983, as amended; 
(iv) 
held by or on behalf of a Bondholder which is liable to such Taxes in respect of such Covered 
Bonds by reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such Taxes 
have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that a holder would have been entitled to additional amounts on presenting the 
same for payment on the last day of the period of 30 days assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Business Day (as defined in Condition 9 (Payments)).or  
(vi) 
held by or on behalf of a Bondholder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by presenting the relevant Covered Bond to another Paying Agent in a Member 
State of the EU. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as 
references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due but, if the full amount of the 
moneys payable has not been received by the Agent on or before the due date, it means the date on 
which, the full amount of money having been so received, notice to that effect has been duly given to 
the Bondholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
11. 
SEGREGATION EVENT 
11.1 
Segregation Event 
A Segregation Event will occur upon the notification by the Test Report Provider that a breach of the 
Mandatory Tests and/or the Asset Coverage Test (as detailed in the relevant Test Performance 
Report) has not been remedied within the Test Grace Period. 
Upon the occurrence of a Segregation Event the Representative of the Bondholders will serve notice 
(the “Breach of Test Notice”) on the Issuer and the Guarantor that a Segregation Event has 
occurred. 
In such case: 
(a) 
no further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may be issued by the Issuer; 
(b) 
the purchase price for any Eligible Assets or Integration Assets to be acquired by the 
Guarantor shall be paid only using the proceeds of the Subordinated Loan, except where the

--- Page 224 ---
224 
breach referred to in the Breach of Test Notice is related to the Interest Coverage Test and 
may be cured by using the Available Funds. 
It is understood that: 
(i) 
the consequences set out in paragraph (a) and (b) above shall be applied at any time if a Test 
is not compliant with the Covered Bonds Law and/or the provisions of the Portfolio 
Management Agreement;  
 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Segregation Event and until an Issuer Default Notice has been 
delivered, payments due under the Covered Bonds will continue to be made by the Issuer. 
After the service of a Breach of Test Notice on the Guarantor, the Guarantor (or the Servicer on 
behalf of the Guarantor) may sell the Eligible Assets, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets 
included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the Portfolio Management Agreement, subject to the 
rights of pre-emption in favour of the Seller in respect of such Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and 
Liquid Assets pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement and the Portfolio Management 
Agreement. 
12. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
12.1 
Issuer Events of Default  
If any of the following events (each, an “Issuer Event of Default”) occurs: 
(a) 
Non payment: Default is made by the Issuer (a) for a period of 14 days or more in the 
payment of any principal or redemption amount due on the relevant CB Payment Date in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche, or (b) for a period of 14 days or more 
in the payment of any interest amount due on the relevant CB Payment Date in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche; or  
(b) 
Breach of the Mandatory Test and the Asset Coverage Test: Following the delivery of a 
Breach of Test Notice, the Mandatory Test and the Asset Coverage Test have not been cured 
within the immediately succeeding Calculation Date; or  
(c) 
Breach of other obligations: The Issuer has incurred into a material default in the 
performance or observance of any of its obligations under or in respect of the outstanding 
Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche (other than any obligation for the payment of 
principal, redemption amount or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series or 
Tranche and/or any obligation to ensure compliance of the Cover Pool with the Mandatory 
Testand the Asset Coverage Test) or any other Transaction Document to which the Issuer is a 
party and (unless certified by the Representative of the Bondholders, in its sole opinion, to be 
incapable of remedy) such default remains unremedied for more than 30 days after the 
Representative of the Bondholders has promptly given written notice thereof to the Issuer, 
certifying that such default is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Bondholders and specifying whether or not such default is capable of remedy; or  
(d) 
Insolvency: An Insolvency Event (other than an early intervention measure (misura di 
intervento precoce) pursuant to Title IV, Chapter I, of the Banking Act or a resolution 
(risoluzione) pursuant to the Legislative Decree no. 180 of 16 November 2015) occurs in 
respect of the Issuer; or

--- Page 225 ---
225
(e)
Suspension of payments: A resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Act is issued in
respect of the Issuer,
the Representative of the Bondholders shall promptly serve to the Issuer, the Seller and the 
Guarantor a notice declaring that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred (the “Issuer Default 
Notice”), specifying, in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under (e) (Suspension of 
payments) above, that the Issuer Event of Default may be of temporary nature. It being understood 
that (i) a breach of the Mandatory Test or the Asset Coverage Test to the extent that it has not been 
cured, constitutes an Issuer Event of Default unless the Representative of the Bondholders, having 
exercised its discretion, resolves otherwise or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed resolving 
otherwise.  
12.2 
Effect of the service of an Issuer Default Notice 
Upon the service of an Issuer Default Notice to the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor: 
(a)
No further issue: No further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may be issued by the Issuer;
(b)
Acceleration against the Issuer: All Series of Covered Bonds will become immediately due
and payable by the Issuer and they will rank pari passu among themselves against the
Issuer;
(c)
Enforcement: The Representative of the Bondholders may, at its discretion and without
further notice, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may
think fit to enforce the payments due by the Issuer, but it shall not be bound to take any such
proceeding or steps unless requested or authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the
Bondholders;
(d)
Guarantee: Without prejudice to paragraph (b) (Acceleration against the Issuer) above,
interest and principal falling due on the Covered Bonds will be payable by the Guarantor at
the time and in the manner provided under these Conditions, subject to and in accordance
with the terms of the Guarantee and the relevant Priority of Payments;
(e)
Disposal of Assets: The Guarantor shall sell the Eligible Assets and the Integration Assets
included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the Portfolio Management Agreement;
(f)
Tests: the Amortisation Test shall apply;
provided that, (A) in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under Condition 12.1 (d) 
(Insolvency) above, (i) the payments due by the Issuer in favour of the Bondholders under the Terms 
and Conditions shall be directly made by the Guarantor on any Scheduled Due for Payment Date 
under the Guarantee and (ii) the Guarantor shall exercise, on an exclusive basis and in compliance 
with the provisions of Law 130/99, the rights of the Bondholders against the Issuer and any amount 
recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Available Funds; and (B) in case of the Issuer Event of 
Default referred to under Condition 12.1 (e) (Suspension of payments) above, the effects listed in 
items (a) (No further issue), (d) (Guarantee) and (e) (Disposal of Assets) of this Condition 12.2 
(Effect of the service of an Issuer Default Notice) will only apply for as long as the suspension of 
payments will be in force and effect (the “Suspension Period”); being understood that the effects 
listed in items (b) (Acceleration against the Issuer), (c) (Enforcement) and (f) (Tests) will not be 
applicable (i.e. during the Suspension Period the Mandatory Test and the Asset Coverage Test shall 
continue to be applied). Accordingly (i) the Guarantor shall be responsible for the payments of the 
amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds during the Suspension Period and (ii) at the end 
of the Suspension Period the Issuer shall be responsible for meeting the payment obligations under

--- Page 226 ---
226 
the Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of doubts, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be 
deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer). 
12.3 
Guarantor Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, a “Guarantor Event of Default”) occurs: 
(a) 
Non payment: Default is made by the Guarantor for a period of 14 days or more in the 
payment by the Guarantor of any amounts due for payment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
of any Series or Tranche; or 
(b) 
Breach of Test: On any Calculation Date a breach of the Amortisation Test occurs (to the 
extent that such breach has not cured within the following Calculation Date); 
(c) 
Breach of other obligations: Default is made in the performance by the Guarantor of any 
material obligation under or in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche (other 
than any obligation for the payment of principal, redemption amount or interest in respect of 
the Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche and/or any obligation to ensure compliance of 
the Cover Pool with the Amortisation Test) or any other Transaction Document to which the 
Guarantor is a party and (unless certified by the Representative of the Bondholders, in its 
sole opinion, to be incapable of remedy) such default remains unremedied for more than 30 
days after the Representative of the Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the 
Guarantor, certifying that such default is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Bondholders and specifying whether or not such default is capable of remedy; 
(d) 
Insolvency: An Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Guarantor; 
then the Representative of the Bondholders (i) in cases under (a), (b) and (d) above, may but shall, if 
so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Bondholders, and (ii) in case under (c) above, shall, 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Bondholders, serve to the Issuer, the Seller and 
the Guarantor a notice declaring that a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred (the “Guarantor 
Default Notice”).  
12.4 
Effect of the service of a Guarantor Default Notice 
Upon the service of a Guarantor Default Notice to the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor: 
(a) 
Acceleration of the Covered Bonds: All Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding will 
become immediately due and payable by the Guarantor and will rank pari passu among 
themselves in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments; 
(b) 
Disposal of Assets: The Guarantor shall immediately sell all assets included in the Cover Pool 
in accordance with the procedures set out in the Portfolio Management Agreement; 
(c) 
Guarantee: The Representative of the Bondholders, subject to and in accordance with the 
terms of the Guarantee, on behalf of the Bondholders, shall have a claim against the 
Guarantor for an amount equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding on each Covered Bond, 
together with accrued interest and any other amount due under the Covered Bonds (other 
than additional amounts payable under Condition 10 (a) (Gross up by the Issuer)) in 
accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments; and  
(d) 
Enforcement: The Representative of the Bondholders may, at its discretion and without 
further notice, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) as it may think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not

--- Page 227 ---
227 
be bound to take any such proceedings or steps unless requested or authorised by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Bondholders and then only if it is indemnified and/or 
secured to its satisfaction. 
12.5 
Determinations, etc: 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 12 by the Representative of the 
Bondholders shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor and all Bondholders and (in such absence as aforesaid) no liability 
to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Seller or the Guarantor shall attach to the Representative of the 
Bondholders in connection with the exercise or non exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions hereunder. 
13. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall become void unless made within ten years (in 
respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) from the due date thereof. 
14. 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
(a) 
Organisation of the Bondholders: The Organisation of the Bondholders shall be established 
upon, and by virtue of, the issue of the first Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme 
and shall remain in force and in effect until repayment in full or cancellation of all the 
Covered Bonds of whatever Series. 
The appointment of the Representative of the Bondholders as legal representative of the 
Organisation of the Bondholders is made by the Bondholders subject to and in accordance 
with the Rules. 
(b) 
Initial appointment: In the Programme Agreement, the Dealers have appointed the 
Representative of the Bondholders to perform the activities described in the Intercreditor 
Agreement, in the Programme Agreement, in these Conditions (including the Rules), and in 
the other Transaction Documents and the Representative of the Bondholders has accepted 
such appointment for the period commencing on the Issue Date and ending (subject to early 
termination of its appointment) on the date on which all of the Covered Bonds of whatever 
Series have been cancelled or redeemed in accordance with their respective terms and 
conditions. 
(c) 
Acknowledgment by Bondholders: Each Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Bondholders as its representative and (to the 
fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by the Transaction Documents; 
and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Dealers shall not be liable in respect of any loss, 
liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the Bondholders 
as a result of the performance by the Representative of the Bondholders of its duties 
or the exercise of any of its rights under the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
15. 
AGENTS 
In acting under the Cash Management Agreement and in connection with the Covered Bonds, the 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, following service of an Issuer Default Notice or a 
Guarantor Default Notice, as agents of the Guarantor and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Bondholders. 
The Paying Agent and its initial Specified Office is set out in these Conditions. Any additional Paying 
Agents and their Specified Offices are specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
and to appoint a successor paying agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, 
however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a paying agent; and  
(b) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a paying agent in an EU member 
state that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct Tax; and  
(c) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall 
maintain a Paying Agent having its specified office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given 
to the Bondholders. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Bondholders, create and issue further 
Covered Bonds under the Programme, provided that Fitch will have confirmed in writing that such 
issuance does not adversely affect the then current ratings of the then outstanding Covered Bonds. 
17. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Notices given through Euronext Securities Milan: Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, 
as long as the Covered Bonds are held through Euronext Securities Milan, shall be deemed to 
have been duly given if given through the systems of Euronext Securities Milan. 
(b) 
Publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange: As long as the Covered 
Bonds are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so 
require, any notice to the Covered Bondholders shall also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
(c) 
Other publication: The Representative of the Bondholders shall be at liberty to sanction any 
other method of giving notice to Bondholders if, in its opinion, such other method is 
reasonable having regard to market practice then prevailing and to the rules of the 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the Covered Bonds 
are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and provided that notice of such other 
method is given to the holders of the Covered Bonds in such manner as the Representative of 
the Bondholders shall require.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
18. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the 
nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law: These Covered Bonds are governed by, and will be construed in accordance 
with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute 
that may arise in relation to the Covered Bonds or their validity, interpretation or 
performance. 
(c) 
Relevant legislation: Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be 
governed by the provisions of the Covered Bonds Law and Article 129 of the CRR.

--- Page 230 ---
230
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1 
The Organisation of the Bondholders in respect of each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme by Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. is created concurrently 
with the issue and subscription of the Covered Bonds of each such Series or Tranche and is governed 
by these Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders (the “Rules”). 
1.2 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the Covered 
Bonds of whatever Series or Tranche. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche issued by the Issuer. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
Block Voting Instruction means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the Paying Agent 
or by the Registrar, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in case of a Covered Bond issued in a dematerialised form, certifying that specified Covered 
Bonds will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) the notification to the Paying Agent not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
Meeting (or, if the meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its resumption) of 
confirmation that the Covered Bonds are Blocked Covered Bonds and notification of the 
release thereof by the Paying Agent to the Issuer; 
(b) 
in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, certifying that specified Covered Bonds 
have been blocked with the Registrar and will not be released until the conclusion of the 
Meeting;  
(c) 
certifying that the Holder of the relevant Covered Bonds, or the registered holder in case of 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form, of the relevant Blocked Covered Bonds or a duly 
authorised person on its behalf has notified the Paying Agent or the Registrar that the votes 
attributable to such Covered Bonds are to be cast in a particular way on each resolution to be 
put to the Meeting and that during the period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
Meeting such instructions may not be amended or revoked; and 
(d) 
authorising a Proxy to vote in accordance with such instructions.  
Blocked Covered Bonds means (i) the Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an account 
with a clearing system or otherwise are held to the order of or under the control of the Paying Agent, 
or (ii) in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, such Covered Bonds which have been 
blocked with the Registrar, for the purpose of obtaining from the Paying Agent and/or the Registrar a 
Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate on terms that they will not be released until after the

--- Page 231 ---
231
conclusion of the Meeting in respect of which the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate is 
required.  
Chairman means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance with 
Article 27 (Chairman of the Meeting).  
Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder means any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euronext Securities Milan (as 
intermediari aderenti) in accordance with Article 83-quater of the Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 
February 1998 and includes any depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System. 
Event of Default means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Extraordinary Resolution means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than three quarters 
of the votes cast.  
Holder means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered Bonds and, in 
respect of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the ultimate registered owner of such 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form, as set out in the Register;. 
Liabilities means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions or 
demands, judgments, proceeding or other liabilities whatsoever (including, without limitation, in 
respect of taxes, duties, levies and other charges) and including value added, taxes or similar tax 
charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis. 
Meeting means a meeting of Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed following an 
adjournment). 
Ordinary Resolution means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more than 50% of the votes 
cast; 
Programme Resolution means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the 
Bondholders of all Series, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions contained in 
these Rules to direct the Representative of the Bondholders to take steps and/or institute 
proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant to Condition 12.2 (Effect of the service of 
an Issuer Default Notice) and 12.4 (Effect of the service of a Guarantor Default Notice) as 
applicable, or other similar Condition with reference to Covered Bonds issued in registered form. 
Proxy means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person appointed 
to vote under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than:  
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Paying Agent 
or the Registrar has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours 
before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; and  
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a quorum 
and who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
Rating Agency means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. 
Register means any register held by the Registrar for the purpose of recording payments and 
assignments of Covered Bonds issued in registered form.

--- Page 232 ---
232
Registered Paying Agent means any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in 
respect of the Covered Bonds issued in a registered form under the Programme. 
Registrar means any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as registrar in respect 
of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer 
will keep the register and will not delegate such activity, any reference to the Registrar will be 
construed as a reference to the Issuer. 
Resolutions means the Ordinary Resolutions and the Extraordinary Resolutions, collectively. 
Series Reserved Matter has the meaning given to it under Article 7 below. 
Swap Rate means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds, the exchange rate 
specified in the respective Swap Agreement relating to such Covered Bond or Series of Covered 
Bonds or, if the respective Swap Agreement has terminated, the applicable spot rate. 
Transaction Party means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document. 
Voter means, in relation to a Meeting, the Holder or a Proxy named in a Voting Certificate, the 
bearer of a Voting Certificate issued by the Paying Agent or by a Registrar or a Proxy named in a 
Block Voting Instruction. 
Voting Certificate means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate issued by the Euronext 
Securities Milan Account Holder in accordance with the Joint Resolution, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented, or by a Registrar stating inter alia:  
(a)
that the Blocked Notes specified therein will not be released until a specified date which falls
after the conclusion of the Meeting; and
(b)
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such Meeting in respect of
such Blocked Notes.
Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more persons 
holding or representing at least 75 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds, whether contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by 
or on behalf of one or more of such Bondholders. 
24 hours means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are open for 
business both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and in the place where the Paying 
Agent has its specified office or, in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the Registrar has 
its specified office.; and  
48 hours means two consecutive periods of 24 hours Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or 
unless the context requires otherwise, words and expressions used in these Rules shall have the 
meanings and the construction ascribed to them in the Conditions. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
(a)
any reference herein to an “Article” shall, except where expressly provided to the contrary,
be a reference to an article of these Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders;
(b)
a “successor” of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor in
title of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation or

--- Page 233 ---
233
domicile of such party has assumed the rights and obligations of such party under any 
Transaction Document or to which, under such laws, such rights and obligations have been 
transferred; and 
(c) 
any reference to any “Transaction Party” shall be construed so as to include its and any 
subsequent successors and transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall form a separate 
Series of Covered Bonds and accordingly, unless for any purpose the Representative of the 
Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise determine, the provisions of this sentence and 
of Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation of the Bondholders) to 23 (Meetings and Separate Series) 
and 27 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Bondholders) to 34 (Powers to Act on Behalf 
of the Guarantor) shall apply mutatis mutandis separately and independently to the Covered Bonds 
of each Series. However, for the purposes of this Article 2.3: 
(a) 
Articles 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration) and 26 (Resignation of the 
Representative of the Bondholders); and 
(b) 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation of 
the Bondholders) to 23 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 27 (Duties and Powers of the 
Representative of the Bondholders) to 34 (Powers to Act on Behalf of the Guarantor),  
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such Articles 
shall apply to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series and, in such 
Articles, the expressions “Covered Bonds” and “Bondholders” shall be construed accordingly. 
3. 
PURPOSE OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
3.1 
Each Covered Bondholder is a member of the Organisation of the Bondholders. 
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of the rights of the 
Bondholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or desirable to protect the interest of 
the Bondholders. 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
4. 
CONVENING A MEETING 
4.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may convene separate or 
combined Meetings of the Bondholders at any time and the Representative of the Bondholders shall 
be obliged to do so upon the request in writing by Bondholders representing at least one-tenth of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds.  
The Representative of the Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer or (in relation to a meeting for 
the passing of a Programme Resolution) the Bondholders of any Series may at any time and the 
Issuer shall upon a requisition in writing signed by the holders of not less than one-tenth of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding (the 
“Requisitioning Bondholders”) convene a meeting of the Bondholders and if the Issuer makes 
default for a period of seven days in convening such a meeting the same may be convened by the

--- Page 234 ---
234
Representative of the Bondholders or the Requisitioning Bondholders. The Representative of the 
Bondholders may convene a single meeting of the Bondholders of more than one Series if in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders there is no conflict between the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, in which event the provisions of this Schedule shall apply 
thereto mutatis mutandis. 
4.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in writing to the 
Representative of the Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and place of the Meeting, and 
the items to be included in the agenda. 
4.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the 
Representative of the Bondholders. 
5.
NOTICE
5.1 
Notice of Meeting
At least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on which the relevant
Meeting is to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be given to the
relevant Bondholders, the Registrar and the Paying Agent, with a copy to the Issuer and the
Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by the Representative of the Bondholders, or with a copy
to the Representative of the Bondholders, where the Meeting is convened by the Issuer.
5.2 
Content of notice
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the
Representative of the Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the
resolution without including the full text and shall state that the Voting Certificate for the purpose of
such Meeting may be obtained from a Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder in accordance with
the provisions of the Joint Resolution and that for the purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates from
the Paying Agent or appointing Proxies under a Block Voting Instruction, Bondholders must (to the
satisfaction of the Paying Agent) be held to the order of or placed under the control of the Paying
Agent or blocked in an account with a clearing system not later than 48 hours before the relevant
Meeting.
With reference to the Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the notice shall set out the full text of
any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the Representative of the Bondholders agrees
that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the resolution without including the full text and
shall state that Covered Bonds issued in registered form, may be blocked with the Registrar, or with
any other entity authorised to do so by the Registrar, for the purposes of appointing Proxies under
Block Voting Instructions until 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting and that holders of
Covered Bonds issued in registered form may also appoint Proxies either under a Block Voting
Instruction by delivering written instructions to the Registrar or the Registered Paying Agent or by
executing and delivering a form of Proxy to the registered office of the Registrar or the Registered
Paying Agent, in either case until 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting.

--- Page 235 ---
235
5.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article are not complied with 
if the Bondholders constituting the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, the holders 
of which are entitled to attend and vote are represented at such Meeting and the Issuer and the 
Representative of the Bondholders are present. 
6. 
CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING 
6.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Bondholder), nominated by the Representative of the 
Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
(a) 
the Representative of the Bondholders fails to make a nomination; 
or 
(b) 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes after the time 
fixed for the Meeting,  
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, failing 
which, the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the 
same person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
6.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, manages 
the business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and moderates the debate, 
and determines the mode of voting.  
6.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited to 
assist in any given matter, and may appoint one or more vote counters, who are not required to be 
Bondholders. 
7. 
QUORUM 
The quorum at any Meeting will be: 
(a) 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, one or more persons (including the Issuer if at any 
time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) holding or representing at least 50 per cent 
of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the time 
being outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or representing 
Bondholders, whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds so held or 
represented; or 
(b) 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (including the Issuer 
if at any time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) (subject as provided below), one or 
more persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding or, at an 
adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or representing Bondholders of the relevant 
Series for the time being outstanding, whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Covered Bonds so held or represented; or

--- Page 236 ---
236
(c) 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than in 
relation to a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only to Article 31 
(Waiver), only be capable of being effected after having been approved by Extraordinary 
Resolution) namely:  
(i) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of 
the method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment 
or, where applicable, modification of the method of calculating the date of payment 
in respect of any principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to be 
made; 
(iii) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(iv) 
any amendment to the Guarantee or the Deed of Pledge or the Deed of Charge 
(except in a manner determined by the Representative of the Bondholders not to be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders of any Series); 
(v) 
except in accordance with Articles 30 (Amendments and Modifications) and 31 
(Waiver), the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, 
conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds for, or the conversion of such 
Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor or any other person or body corporate, formed or to be formed; and  
(vi) 
alteration of this Article 7(c)(i), 
(each a “Series Reserved Matter”), the quorum shall be one or more persons (including 
the Issuer if at any time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) being or representing 
holders of not less two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, one or 
more persons being or representing not less than one-third of the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding. 
8. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
8.1 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes after the 
time fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for 
which a quorum is present: 
(a) 
if such Meeting was convened upon the request of Bondholders, the Meeting shall be 
dissolved; and  
(b) 
in any other case, the Meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week (or if 
such day is a public holiday the next succeeding business day) at the same time and place 
(except in the case of a meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in 
which case it shall stand adjourned for such period, being not less than 13 clear days nor 
more than 42 clear days, and to such place as may be appointed by the Chairman either at or 
subsequent to such meeting and approved by the Representative of the Bondholders). 
8.2 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) 
after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of 
any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any)

--- Page 237 ---
237
for which a quorum is present, the Chairman may either (with the approval of the Representative of 
the Bondholders) dissolve such meeting or adjourn the same for such period, being not less than 13 
clear days (but without any maximum number of clear days), and to such place as may be appointed 
by the Chairman either at or subsequent to such adjourned meeting and approved by the 
Representative of the Bondholders. 
9.
ADJOURNED MEETING
Except as provided in Article 8 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum), the Chairman may, with the
prior consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting to
another time and place. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business
which might have been transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment took place.
10.
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT
10.1 
Notice required
Article 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for lack of a
quorum except that:
(a)
10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day on which
the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and
(b)
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the
Meeting resumes.
10.2 
Notice not required 
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be necessary to 
give notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than those described in Article 
8 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum). 
11.
PARTICIPATION
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting:
(i)
Voters;
(ii)
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor;
(iii)
representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders;
(iv)
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders;
(v)
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders; and
(vi)
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the
Representative of the Bondholders.

--- Page 238 ---
238
12. 
VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
12.1 
A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting its 
Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder to issue a certificate in accordance with the Joint 
Resolution. 
12.2 
A Covered Bondholder may also obtain from the Paying Agent or require the Paying Agent to issue a 
Block Voting Instruction by arranging for such Covered Bonds to be (to the satisfaction of the Paying 
Agent) held to its order or under its control or blocked in an account in a Relevant Clearing System 
(other than Euronext Securities Milan) not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant 
Meeting. 
12.3 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked 
Covered Bonds to which it relates. 
12.4 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the named therein as Holder or 
Proxy (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder), the 
bearer thereof (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by the Paying Agent), and any Proxy named 
therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction issued by the Paying Agent) shall be deemed to be 
the Holder of the Covered Bonds to which it relates for all purposes in connection with the Meeting 
to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
12.5 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect 
of the same Covered Bonds.  
12.6 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with the 
usual practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing System.  
12.7 
Any registered Holder may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging (to 
the satisfaction of the Registrar) for the related Covered Bonds issued in registered form to be 
blocked with the Registrar not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. The 
registered Holder may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction by delivering to the 
Registrar written instructions not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. 
Any registered Holder may obtain an uncompleted and unexecuted Form of Proxy from the 
Registrar. A Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Covered Bonds to 
which it relates. A Form of Proxy and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding 
simultaneously in respect of the same Bond. 
13. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
13.1 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate issued by a Euronext Securities Milan Account 
Holder shall be valid for the purpose of the relevant Meeting only if it is deposited at the Specified 
Offices of the Paying Agent or the Registrar, or at any other place approved by the Representative of 
the Bondholders, at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting 
Instruction or a Voting Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid unless 
the Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeds to business. If the Representative of the 
Bondholders so requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting Instruction and satisfactory evidence 
of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction or of each Holders or Proxy named 
in a Voting Certificate issued by a Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder shall be produced at the 
Meeting but the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be obliged to investigate the validity of a 
Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the identity of any Proxy or any holder of the 
Covered Bonds named in a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction or the identity of any 
Holder named in a Voting Certificate issued by a Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder.

--- Page 239 ---
239
14. 
VOTING BY SHOW OF HANDS 
14.1 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by a show of 
hands. 
14.2 
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman's 
declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed or passed by a particular majority 
or rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be conclusive without proof of the number of 
votes cast for, or against, the resolution. 
15. 
VOTING BY POLL 
15.1 
Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Bondholders or any one or more Voters, whatever the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds held or represented by such Voter. A poll may be taken immediately or 
after such adjournment as is decided by the Chairman but any poll demanded on the election of a 
Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be taken immediately. A valid demand for a poll 
shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business. The result of a poll 
shall be deemed to be the resolution of the Meeting at which the poll was demanded as at the date of 
the taking of the poll. 
15.2 
The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the votes, and 
may set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in compliance with 
the terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. After voting ends, the votes shall be 
counted and, after the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the Meeting the outcome of the 
vote. 
16. 
VOTES 
16.1 
Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and  
(b) 
on a poll every person who is so present shall have one vote in respect of each €1.00 or such 
other amount as the Representative of the Bondholders may in its absolute discretion 
stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders of Covered Bonds denominated in another 
currency, such amount in such other currency as the Representative of the Bondholders in its 
absolute discretion may stipulate). 
16.2 
Block Voting Instruction 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the case of a 
Proxy, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is entitled or to cast 
all the votes he exercises the same way.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
16.3 
Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
17. 
VOTING BY PROXY 
17.1 
Validity 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate 
appointing a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate or any 
instruction pursuant to which it has been given had been amended or revoked provided that none of 
the Issuer, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Registrar or the Chairman has been notified in 
writing of such amendment or revocation at least 24 hours prior to the time set for the relevant 
Meeting. 
17.2 
Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate 
in relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such Meeting following 
an adjournment save that no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to a meeting originally 
convened which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in force in relation to such 
meeting when it is resumed. Any person appointed to vote at such Meeting must be re-appointed 
under a Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
18. 
RESOLUTIONS 
18.1 
Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following powers 
exercisable by Ordinary Resolution, to: 
(a) 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to be the 
subject of a resolution or determined by a Meeting and not required to be the subject of an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
and 
(b) 
to authorise the Representative of the Bondholders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary Resolution. 
18.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power exercisable by 
Extraordinary Resolution to: 
(a) 
sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders or any of them; 
(b) 
approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the rights of 
the Representative of the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Bondholders or any of 
them, whether such rights arise under the Transaction Documents or otherwise, and (b) 
these Rules, the Conditions or of any Transaction Document or any arrangement in respect 
of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Covered Bonds, which, in any such

--- Page 241 ---
241
case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Representative of the Bondholders and/or any 
other party thereto; 
(c) 
assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents 
which shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders 
or of any Covered Bondholder;  
(d) 
in accordance with Article 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration), appoint and 
remove the Representative of the Bondholders;  
(e) 
discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of the 
Bondholders from any liability in relation to any act or omission for which the 
Representative of the Bondholders has or may become liable pursuant or in relation to these 
Rules, the Conditions or any other Transaction Document;  
(f) 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, must be granted by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(g) 
authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Bondholders in compliance with 
these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Transaction Document; 
(h) 
waive the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, Guarantor Event of Default or a breach of 
test, and direct the Representative of the Bondholders to suspend the delivery of the relevant 
Issuer Default Notice, Guarantor Default Notice, or Breach of Test Notice; 
(i) 
to appoint any person (whether Bondholders or not) as a committee to represent the 
interests of the Bondholders and to confer on any such committee any powers which the 
Bondholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(j) 
authorise the Representative of the Bondholders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(k) 
may, in case of failure by the Representative of the Bondholders to send an Issuer Default 
Notice, Guarantor Default Notice or Breach of Test Notice, direct the Representative of the 
Bondholders to deliver such notices as a result of an Issuer Event of Default pursuant to 
Condition 12.1 (Issuer Events of Default) or a Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to 
Condition 12.3 (Guarantor Events of Default). 
18.3 
Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the Representative of 
the Bondholders to take steps and/or institute proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor 
pursuant to Condition 12.2 (Effect of the service of an Issuer Default Notice) or Condition 12.4 
(Effect of the service of a Guarantor Default Notice), a the case may be. 
18.4 
Other Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution other than a Programme Resolution that is 
passed by the Holders of one Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective in respect of another Series of 
Covered Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (as the 
case may be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding of that other Series.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
19. 
EFFECT OF RESOLUTIONS 
19.1 
Binding nature 
Subject to Article 18.4 (Other Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a Meeting of the 
Bondholders duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules shall be binding upon all 
Bondholders, whether or not present at such Meeting and or not voting. A Programme Resolution 
passed at any Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series shall be binding on all holders 
of the Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not present at the meeting. 
19.2 
Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Bondholders shall be published 
(at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the Paying Agent (with a 
copy to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Registrar and the Representative of the Bondholders within 14 
days of the conclusion of each Meeting). 
19.3 
Challenge to resolutions 
Any absent or dissenting Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are not passed in 
compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
20. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in books 
provided by the Issuer for that purpose. The Minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and shall be 
prima facie evidence of the proceedings therein recorded.  
Unless and until the contrary is proved, every Meeting in respect of which minutes have been signed 
by the Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed 
or proceedings transacted shall be regarded as having been duly passed and transacted. 
21. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect of 
matters required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
22. 
INDIVIDUAL ACTIONS AND REMEDIES 
Each Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Clause 18 (Limited Recourse) of the 
Intercreditor Agreement and Clause 6 (Limited Recourse) of the Guarantee and, accordingly, if any 
Bondholder is considering bringing individual actions or using other individual remedies to enforce 
his/her rights under the Covered Bonds and the Guarantee, any such action or remedy shall be 
subject to a Meeting not passing an Extraordinary Resolution objecting to such individual action or 
other remedy on the grounds that it is not consistent with such Condition. In this respect, the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Bondholder intending to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds will notify the 
Representative of the Bondholders of his/her intention; 
(b) 
the Representative of the Bondholders will, without delay, call a Meeting in accordance with 
these Rules (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Article 23.1 (Choice of Meeting); 
(c) 
if the Meeting passes an Extraordinary Resolution objecting to the enforcement of the 
individual action or remedy, the Bondholder will be prevented from taking such action or

--- Page 243 ---
243
remedy (without prejudice to the fact that after a reasonable period of time, the same matter 
may be resubmitted for review of another Meeting); and 
(d) 
if the Meeting of Bondholders does not object to an individual action or remedy, the 
Bondholder will not be prohibited from taking such individual action or remedy. 
23. 
MEETINGS AND SEPARATE SERIES 
23.1 
Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more than one 
Series the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject to the following 
modifications: 
(a) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of only one Series shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a 
separate meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of that Series; 
(b) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of more than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between 
the holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series so affected shall be deemed to have been 
duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all the Series 
so affected; 
(c) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of more than one Series and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest 
between the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series or group of Series so affected and the 
holders of the Covered Bonds of another Series or group of Series so affected shall be deemed 
to have been duly passed only if passed at separate meetings of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds of each Series or group of Series so affected;  
(d) 
a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a single 
meeting of the Bondholders of all Series; and  
(e) 
to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall mutatis mutandis apply 
as though references therein to Covered Bonds and Bondholders were references to the 
Covered Bonds of the Series or group of Series in question or to the holders of such Covered 
Bonds, as the case may be. 
23.2 
Denominations other than euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in euro in 
the case of any Meeting or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders of Covered Bonds of 
more than one currency (whether in respect of the meeting or any adjourned such Meeting or any 
poll resulting therefrom or any such request or Written Resolution) the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of such Covered Bonds shall be the equivalent in euro at the relevant Swap Rate. In such 
circumstances, on any poll each person present shall have one vote for each €1.00 (or such other 
euro amount as the Representative of the Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (converted as above) which he holds or 
represents.

--- Page 244 ---
244
24.
FURTHER REGULATIONS
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Bondholders may,
without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations regarding the holding of
Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of a Written Resolution as the
Representative of the Bondholders in its sole discretion may decide.
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
25.
APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION
25.1 
Appointment
The appointment of the Representative of the Bondholders takes place by Extraordinary Resolution
of the Bondholders in accordance with the provisions of this Article 25, except for the appointment of
the first Representative of the Bondholders which will be KPMG Fides Servizi di Amministrazione
S.p.A. appointed under the Programme Agreement.
25.2 
Identity of the Representative of the Bondholders 
Save for KPMG Fides Servizi di Amministrazione S.p.A. as first Representative of the Bondholders 
under the Programme, the Representative of the Bondholders shall be: 
(a)
a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated in any
other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or
(b)
a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy
pursuant to Article 107 of the Banking Act; or
(c)
any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative of the
Bondholders pursuant to the law.
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set out in Article 
2399 of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative of the Bondholders and, if 
appointed as such, they shall be automatically removed. 
25.3 
Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Bondholders is removed by Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Bondholders pursuant to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions) or resigns pursuant to Article 26 
(Resignation of the Representative of the Bondholders), it shall remain in office until full repayment 
or cancellation of all Series of Covered Bonds. 
25.4 
After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Bondholders for any 
reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until the substitute Representative of 
the Bondholders, which shall be an entity specified in Article 25.2 (Identity of the Representative of 
the Bondholders), accepts its appointment, and the powers and authority of the Representative of the 
Bondholders whose appointment has been terminated shall, pending the acceptance of its 
appointment by the substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential functions 
required in connection with the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
25.5 
Remuneration 
The Issuer, and following an Issuer Event of Default and delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the 
Guarantor, shall pay to the Representative of the Bondholders an annual fee for its services as 
Representative of the Bondholders from the First Issue Date, as agreed either in the initial 
agreement(s) for the issue of and subscription for the Covered Bonds or in a separate fee letter. Such 
fees shall accrue from day to day and shall be payable in accordance with the priority of payments set 
out in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) the date when all the Covered Bonds of 
whatever Series shall have been repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions. Such 
fees may be increased, in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Agreement, in the event 
that the Representative of the Bondholders undertakes duties of exceptional nature. 
26.
RESIGNATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS
The Representative of the Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three calendar
months' written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, without needing to provide any specific
reason for the resignation and without being responsible for any costs incurred as a result of such
resignation. The resignation of the Representative of the Bondholders shall not become effective
until a new Representative of the Bondholders has been appointed in accordance with Article 25.1
(Appointment) and such new Representative of the Bondholders has accepted its appointment,
provided that if Bondholders fail to select a new Representative of the Bondholders within three
months of written notice of resignation delivered by the Representative of the Bondholders, the
Representative of the Bondholders may appoint a successor which is a qualifying entity pursuant to
Article 25.2 (Identity of the Representative of the Bondholders).
27.
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS
27.1 
Representative of the Bondholders as legal representative
The Representative of the Bondholders is the legal representative of the Organisation of the
Bondholders and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the Transaction Documents
in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders.
27.2 
Meetings and resolutions
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Bondholders is responsible
for implementing all resolutions of the Bondholders. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders
has the right to convene and attend Meetings (together with its advisors at the Issuer’s expenses
provided that such expenses are reasonably incurred and duly documented) to propose any course of
action which it considers from time to time necessary or desirable.
27.3 
Delegation
The Representative of the Bondholders may in the exercise of the powers, discretions and authorities
vested in it by these Rules and the Transaction Documents:
(a)
act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the Representative of
the Bondholders;
(b)
whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Bondholders, whether by power
of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or fluctuating body of persons
some, but not all, of the powers, discretions or authorities vested in it as aforesaid.

--- Page 246 ---
246
Any such delegation may be made upon such conditions and subject to such regulations (including 
power to sub-delegate) as the Representative of the Bondholders may think fit in the interest of the 
Bondholders. The Representative of the Bondholders shall not, other than in the normal course of its 
business, be bound to supervise the acts or proceedings of such delegate or subdelegate and shall not 
in any way or to any extent be responsible for any loss incurred by reason of any misconduct, 
omission or default on the part of such delegate or subdelegate, provided that the Representative of 
the Bondholders shall use all reasonable care in the appointment of any such delegate and shall be 
responsible for the instructions given by it to such delegate. The Representative of the Bondholders 
shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the 
appointment of any delegate and any renewal, extension and termination of such appointment, and 
shall procure that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment 
of any sub-delegate as soon as reasonably practicable. 
27.4 
Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of the 
Bondholders in any judicial proceedings including any Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor. 
27.5 
Consents given by Representative of Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Bondholders under these Rules and any 
other Transaction Document may be given on such terms as the Representative of the Bondholders 
deems appropriate and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Rules or in the 
Transaction Documents, such consent or approval may be given retrospectively.  
The Representative of the Bondholders may give any consent or approval, exercise any power, 
authority or discretion or take any similar action if it is satisfied that the interests of the Bondholders 
will not be materially prejudiced thereby. 
27.6 
Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative of the Bondholders shall have 
absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and discretion vested in the 
Representative of the Bondholders by these Rules or by operation of law. 
27.7 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Bondholders is entitled to 
exercise its discretion hereunder (including but not limited to forming any opinion in connection 
with the exercise or non exercise of any discretion), the Representative of the Bondholders has the 
right (but not the obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to obtain the Bondholders' 
instructions as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, the Representative of the 
Bondholders shall be entitled to request that the Bondholders indemnify it and/or provide it with 
security as specified in Article 28.2 (Specific limitations). 
27.8 
Remedy 
The Representative of the Bondholders may determine whether or not a default in the performance 
by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any obligation under the provisions of these Rules, the Covered 
Bonds or any other Transaction Documents may be remedied, and if the Representative of the 
Bondholders certifies that any such default is, in its opinion, not capable of being remedied, such

--- Page 247 ---
247 
certificate shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the Bondholders, the other creditors of 
the Guarantor and any other party to the Transaction Documents. 
28.
EXONERATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS
28.1 
Limited obligations
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or responsibilities in
addition to those expressly provided herein and in the Transaction Documents.
28.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of the Article 28.1 (Limited obligations), the Representative of the 
Bondholders:  
(a)
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Issuer Event of
Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or any other event, condition or act, the occurrence
of which would cause a right or remedy to become exercisable by the Representative of the
Bondholders hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, has occurred and, until
the Representative of the Bondholders has actual knowledge or express notice to the
contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that no Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event
of Default or such other event, condition or act has occurred;
(b)
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and performance by
the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other parties of their obligations contained in these Rules,
the Transaction Documents or the Conditions and, until it shall have actual knowledge or
express notice to the contrary, the Representative of the Bondholders shall be entitled to
assume that the Issuer or the Guarantor and each other party to the Transaction Documents
are duly observing and performing all their respective obligations;
(c)
shall not be under any obligation to disclose (unless and to the extent so required under the
Conditions, the terms of any Transaction Documents or by applicable law) to any
Bondholders or other Secured Creditor or any other party, any information (including,
without limitation, information of a confidential, financial or price sensitive nature) made
available to the Representative of the Bondholders by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other
person in respect of the Cover Pool or, more generally, of the Programme and no
Bondholders shall be entitled to take any action to obtain from the Representative of the
Bondholders any such information.
(d)
except as expressly required in these Rules or any Transaction Document, shall not be under
any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in performance of the provisions of
these Rules or any other Transaction Document;
(e)
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy,
suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Transaction Document, or of any other
document or any obligation or rights created or purported to be created hereby or thereby or
pursuant hereto or thereto, nor shall it be responsible for assessing any breach or alleged
breach by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any other Party to the transaction, and (without
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) it shall not have any responsibility for or have
any duty to make any investigation in respect of or in any way be liable whatsoever for:
(i)
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor;

--- Page 248 ---
248
(ii)
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, report,
certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or obtained or required to be
delivered or obtained at any time in connection herewith;
(iii)
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated by the
Servicer or compliance therewith;
(iv)
the failure by the Guarantor to obtain or comply with any licence, consent or other
authorisation in connection with the purchase or administration of the assets
contained in the Cover Pool; and
(v)
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the
Servicer and the Paying Agent or any other person in respect of the Cover Pool or the
Covered Bonds;
(f)
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the
issue of the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the persons entitled
thereto;
(g)
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered Bonds by
any credit or rating agency or any other person;
(h)
shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital,
statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the Representative
of the Bondholders contained herein or in any Transaction Document or any certificate,
document or agreement relating thereto or for the execution, legality, validity, effectiveness,
enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof;
(i)
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or procuring
registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or any Transaction
Document;
(j)
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect or
failure in the right or title of the Guarantor in relation to the assets contained in the Cover
Pool or any part thereof, whether such defect or failure was known to the Representative of
the Bondholders or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether
capable of being remedied or not;
(k)
shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the Receivables
contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof;
(l)
shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Cover Pool or
any part thereof provided by any person;
(m)
shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or damage arising
from the realisation of the Cover Pool or any part thereof;
(n)
shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making or
verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool or
any Transaction Document;
(o)
shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof;

--- Page 249 ---
249
(p) 
shall, when in these Rules or any Transaction Document it is required in connection with the 
exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to have regard to the interests of the 
Bondholders, have regard to the overall interests of the Bondholders of each Series as a class 
of persons and shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Bondholders whatever their number and, in particular 
but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for 
individual Bondholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or taxing authority, and the Representative of the Bondholders shall not 
be entitled to require, nor shall any Bondholders be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders or any other person any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Bondholders;  
(q) 
shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, it 
is of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or more 
Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise such power, trust, authority or 
discretion without the approval of such Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a 
written resolution of such Bondholders of not less than 75 per cent. of the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding; 
(r) 
shall, as regards at the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the 
Transaction Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have regard to the 
interests of both the Bondholders and the other creditors of the Guarantor but if, in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders, there is a conflict between their interests 
the Representative of the Bondholders will have regard solely to the interest of the 
Bondholders; 
(s) 
may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or discretion 
vested in it under these Rules or any Transaction Document or any other agreement relating 
to the transactions herein or therein contemplated until it has been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against any and all actions, proceedings, claims 
and demands which might be brought or made against it and against all Liabilities suffered, 
incurred or sustained by it as a result. Nothing contained in these Rules or any of the other 
Transaction Documents shall require the Representative of the Bondholders to expend or 
risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties or 
the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds for 
believing the repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such 
risk or liability is not reasonably assured provided that the Representative of the 
Bondholders shall be indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction beforehand if it so 
requests in conjunction with the exercise of any right, power authority or discretion 
hereunder; and 
(t) 
shall not be liable or responsible for any Liabilities directly or indirectly suffered or incurred 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Bondholders or any other Secured Creditors or any other 
person which may result from anything done or omitted to be done by it in accordance with 
the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents except insofar as the same are 
incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of 
the Representative of the Bondholders.

--- Page 250 ---
250
28.3 
Security 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be entitled to exercise all the rights granted by the 
Guarantor in favour of the Representative of the Bondholders on behalf of the Bondholders and the 
other Secured Creditors under the Security. 
The Representative of the Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors, may: 
(a) 
prior to enforcement of the Security, appoint and entrust the Guarantor to collect, in the 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors' interest and on their behalf, any amounts 
deriving from the Security and may instruct, jointly with the Guarantor, the obligors whose 
obligations form part of the Security to make any payments to be made thereunder to an 
Account of the Guarantor; 
(b) 
acknowledge that the Accounts to which payments have been made in respect of the Security 
shall be deposit accounts for the purpose of article 2803 of the Italian Civil Code and agree 
that such Accounts shall be operated in compliance with the provisions of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement; and 
(c) 
agree that all funds credited to the Accounts from time to time shall be applied prior to 
enforcement of the Security, in accordance with the Conditions and the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be entitled to collect, withdraw or apply, or issue 
instructions for the collection, withdrawal or application of, cash deriving from time to time from the 
Security, under the Security, except in accordance with the foregoing, the Conditions and the 
Intercreditor Agreement.  
28.4 
Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Bondholders to do anything which 
may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys or otherwise take 
risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its powers or discretion. The 
Representative of the Bondholders may refrain from taking any action which would or might, in its 
opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of any agency of any 
state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed for any funds it expends, 
or that it will not be indemnified against any loss or liabilities which it may incur as a consequence of 
such action. The Representative of the Bondholders may do anything which, in its opinion, is 
necessary to comply with any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
29. 
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION 
29.1 
Advice 
The Representative of the Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate or opinion of, or any 
written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, tax advisor, credit or 
rating agency or other expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of 
the Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not be liable for any loss occasioned by so acting. Any such 
opinion, advice, certificate or information may be sent or obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax 
transmission and the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, 
advice, certificate or information purporting to be so conveyed although the same contains some 
error or is not authentic.

--- Page 251 ---
251
29.2 
Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor 
The Representative of the Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept (a) as sufficient 
evidence: 
(a) 
as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer's or the Guarantor's knowledge, a 
certificate duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor; 
(b) 
that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantor to the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is expedient, and 
the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call for further 
evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on such 
certificate unless any of its officers in charge of the administration of these Rules shall have 
actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the 
certificate. 
29.3 
Resolution or direction of Bondholders 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any resolution 
purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in respect whereof 
minutes have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage of Bondholders, even 
though it may subsequently be found that there was some defect in the constitution of the Meeting or 
the passing of the Written Resolution or the giving of such directions or that for any reason the 
resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting or the giving 
of the direction was not valid or binding upon the Bondholders. 
29.4 
Certificates of Euronext Securities Milan Account Holders 
The Representative of the Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the Covered Bonds, may 
fully rely on the certificates issued by any Euronext Securities Milan Account Holder in accordance 
with the Joint Resolution, which certificates are to be conclusive proof of the matters certified 
therein. 
29.5 
Clearing Systems or Registrar 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as sufficient 
evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as true and accurate 
and signed on behalf of such clearing system or Registrar, as the case may be, as the Representative 
of the Bondholders considers appropriate, or any form of record made by any clearing system or 
Registrar, as the case may be, to the effect that at any particular time or throughout any particular 
period any particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its records as entitled to a particular 
number of Covered Bonds. 
29.6 
Rating Agency 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be entitled to assume, for the purposes of exercising any 
power, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to these Rules that such exercise will not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders of any Series or of all Series for the time 
being outstanding if the Rating Agency has confirmed that the then current rating of the Covered 
Bonds of any such Series or all such Series (as the case may be) would not be adversely affected by 
such exercise, or have otherwise given their consent.

--- Page 252 ---
252
If the Representative of the Bondholders, in order properly to exercise its rights or fulfil its 
obligations, deems it necessary to obtain the views of the Rating Agency as to how a specific act 
would affect any outstanding rating of the Covered Bonds, the Representative of the Bondholders 
may inform the Issuer, which will then obtain such views at its expense on behalf of the 
Representative of the Bondholders or the Representative of the Bondholders may seek and obtain 
such views itself at the cost of the Issuer. 
29.7 
Certificates of Parties to Transaction Document 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other than the Issuer or 
the Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Transaction Document, 
(a)
in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly provided for
under the Conditions or any Transaction Document;
(b)
as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or
(c)
as to such party's opinion with respect to any issue and the Representative of the
Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional evidence in respect of the relevant fact,
matter or circumstances and shall not be held responsible for any Liabilities incurred as a
result of having failed to do so unless any of its officers has actual knowledge or express
notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained in the certificate.
29.8 
Auditors 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any 
auditors' report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report or certificate. 
30.
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS
30.1 
The Representative of the Bondholders may from time to time and without the consent or sanction of
the Bondholders concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in
making any modification (and for this purpose the Representative of the Bondholders may disregard
whether any such modification relates to a Series Reserved Matter) as follows:
(a)
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which in the opinion
of the Representative of the Bondholders (which may be based on the advice of, or
information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, tax advisor, or other expert or
confirmation of rating, if any) may be expedient to make provided that the Representative of
the Bondholders is of the opinion that such modification will not be materially prejudicial to
the interests of any of the Bondholders of any Series;
and 
(b)
to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal,
minor or technical nature or, which in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders
(which may be based on the advice of, or information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant,
banker, tax advisor, or other expert or confirmation of rating, if any) is to correct a manifest
error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the
Bondholders or to comply with mandatory provisions of law.

--- Page 253 ---
253
30.2 
Any such modification shall be binding upon the Bondholders and, unless the Representative of the 
Bondholders otherwise agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) 
to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
30.3 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
and any other party in making any of the above-mentioned modifications if it is so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution or and if it is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by 
so doing. 
30.4 
Establishing an error 
In establishing whether an error has occurred as such, the Representative of the Bondholders may 
have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Bondholders considers it appropriate 
to rely and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard to any of the following: 
(a)
a certificate from the Arranger:
(a)
stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Transaction Document; and
(b)
confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any other parties which
is in any way inconsistent with such stated intention; and
(c)
stating the modification to the relevant Transaction Documents that is required
to reflect such intention;
(b)
confirmation from the Rating Agency (if any) that, after giving effect to such modification,
the Covered Bonds shall continue to have the same credit ratings as those assigned to them
immediately prior to the modification.
31.
WAIVER
31.1 
Waiver of Breach
The Representative of the Bondholders may at any time and from time to time in its sole direction,
without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, condition, event or act, but only
if, and in so far as, in its opinion the interests of the Holders of the Covered Bonds then outstanding
shall not be materially prejudiced thereby:
(a)
authorise or waive, on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as it may decide,
any proposed breach or breach of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the
Guarantee or any of the obligations of or rights against the Guarantor under any other
Transaction Documents; or
(b)
determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of the
Transaction Documents, without any consent or sanction of the Bondholders.
31.2 
Binding Nature 
Any authorisation, waiver or determination referred in Article 31.1 (Waiver of Breach) shall be 
binding on the Bondholders.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
31.3 
Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by this Article 
31 (Waiver) in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders 
of the Covered Bonds then outstanding or of a request or direction in writing made by the holders of 
not less than 25 per cent in aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (in the 
case of any such determination, with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series 
as aforesaid), and at all times then only if it shall be indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may 
incur by so doing but so that no such direction or request: 
(a)
shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made; or
(b)
authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to a Series Reserved Matter
unless holders of Covered Bonds of each Series has, by Extraordinary Resolution, so
authorised its exercise.
31.4 
Notice of waiver 
Unless the Representative of the Bondholders agrees otherwise, the Issuer shall cause any such 
authorisation, waiver or determination to be notified to the Bondholders and the Secured Creditors, 
as soon as practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
32.
INDEMNITY
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has covenanted and undertaken to reimburse, pay
or discharge (on a full indemnity basis) upon demand, to the extent not already reimbursed, paid or
discharged by the Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, losses, charges, expenses, damages, actions,
proceedings, claims and demands duly documented and properly incurred by or made against the
Representative of the Bondholders or any entity to which the Representative of the Bondholders has
delegated any power authority or discretion in relation to the exercise or purported exercise of its
powers, authorities and discretions and the performance of its duties under and otherwise in relation
to these Rules and the Transaction Documents, including but not limited to legal and travelling
expenses, and any stamp, issue, registration, documentary and other taxes or duties paid by the
Representative of the Bondholders in connection with any action and/or legal proceedings brought
or contemplated by the Representative of the Bondholders pursuant to the Transaction Documents
against the Issuer, or any other person to enforce any obligation under these Rules, the Covered
Bonds or the Transaction Documents except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of fraud
(frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the Representative of the
Bondholders.
33.
LIABILITY
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Bondholders shall not
be liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way in connection with the Transaction
Documents, the Covered Bonds or the Rules except in relation to its own fraud (frode), gross
negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo).

--- Page 255 ---
255
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE BONDHOLDERS AFTER 
SERVICE OF A GUARANTOR DEFAULT NOTICE 
34.
POWERS TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE GUARANTOR
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of a Guarantor Default Notice or, prior to service of a
Guarantor Default Notice, following the failure of the Guarantor to exercise any right to which it is
entitled, pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement the Representative of the Bondholders, in its
capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Bondholders, shall be entitled (also in the
interests of the Secured Creditors) pursuant to Articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, to
exercise certain rights in relation to the Cover Pool. Therefore, the Representative of the
Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Bondholders, will be
authorised, pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, to exercise, in the name and on
behalf of the Guarantor and as mandatario in rem propriam of the Guarantor, any and all of the
Guarantor's Rights under certain Transaction Documents, including the right to give directions and
instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant Transaction Documents.
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
35.
GOVERNING LAW
These Rules are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of
Italy.
36.
JURISDICTION
The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute that may arise in
relation to the Covered Bonds or their validity, interpretation or performance.

--- Page 256 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series/Tranche of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms 
but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. [Consider to include information on the product approval process]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market –Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is 
only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
256

--- Page 257 ---
257 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. [Consider to include information on the product approval process]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. ] 
Final terms dated [●] 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44 
Issue of [aggregate principal amount] [description] Covered Bonds (obbligazioni bancarie 
garantite) [(Premium)] due 
[maturity] 
Guaranteed by 
Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. 
under the €10,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the base prospectus dated 5 February 2025 [and the supplement[s] to the base 
prospectus dated [insert date] [delete if not applicable]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
(the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended from time to time, 
the Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms 
of the Covered Bonds and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing [at 
[website]] [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]].]  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.]  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the Conditions) set forth in the base prospectus dated 20 October 2023, which is 
incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 5 February 2025. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended and superseded (the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in 
conjunction with the base prospectus dated 5 February 2025 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated [insert date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bonds described 
herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The 
Base Prospectus is available for viewing [at [website]] [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and 
copies may be obtained from [address]]).]

--- Page 258 ---
258 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1.
(i)
Series Number: 
[●]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[●]
[(to be fungible from the [date on which the Covered 
Bonds become fungible] with the [●] Tranche [●] 
Covered Bonds of the same Series due [●] issued on 
[●])].
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[●]
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[●]
(i)
Series:
[●]
(ii)
Tranche:
[●]
4.
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of
fungible issues only, if applicable)].
5.
(i)
Specified Denominations: 
[●]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
6.
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7.
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Business Day Convention other 
than following) CB Payment Date falling in relevant 
month and year.] 
8.
Extended Maturity Date:
[Not Applicable / Specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds) CB Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9.
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[Specify reference rate] +/– [Margin] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Redemption at par] 
[Instalment]

--- Page 259 ---
259 
11. 
Change of Interest: 
[Change of interest may be applicable in case an 
Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable, as 
provided for under Condition 8(b)][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
[Date of [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered 
Bonds 
[and 
Guarantee] 
[respectively]] obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Covered Bonds or related Guarantee)] 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15.  
Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other 
(specify)] 
in 
arrear] 
 
(ii) 
CB Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of “Business 
Day”]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the CB 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) 
Adjustment to Interest Period end 
Date 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
16. 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
CB Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
(Specified Period and CB Payment Dates are

--- Page 260 ---
260 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than CB 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business 
Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar 
Convention. 
Otherwise, insert “Not Applicable”) 
(iii)
CB Payment Dates:
[●]
(Specified Period and Specified CB Payment Dates 
are alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is 
the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, insert “Not Applicable”) 
(iv)
First CB Payment Date:
[●]
(v)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(vi)
Adjustment to Interest Period end
Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/Insert relevant place for Additional 
Business Centre]  
(viii)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of
Interest is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(ix)
Party responsible for calculating the
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Interest
Determination Agent):
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
(x)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph (vii)) 
●Reference Rate:
[●]
●Interest Determination Date(s):
[●]
●Relevant Screen Page:
[For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR 
01, ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate 
or amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
●Relevant Time:
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time] 
●Relevant Financial Centre:
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose 
lawful currency is the euro]

--- Page 261 ---
261
(xi)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph (viii)) 
●Floating Rate Option:
[●]
●Designated Maturity:
[●]
●Reset Date:
[●]
(xii)
Margin(s): [+/-]
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiv)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xv)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/365/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ 
Actual/360/ 
30/360 (Fixed rate)/ 
Actual/365 (Sterling)/ 
30/360 (Floating Rate)/ 
30E/360/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17.
Zero Coupon Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)
Amortisation/Accrual Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Reference Price:
[●]
(iii)
Day Count Fraction in relation to
early redemption of Covered Bonds:
[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365] 
[This information is to be provided for the purposes 
of Condition 8(h) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds) or Condition 7(a) (Late payment on 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18.
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 262 ---
262 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of
Covered Bonds:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Notice period:
[●]
19.
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of
each Covered Bond:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice period:
[●]
20.
Final Redemption Amount of Covered
Bonds
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
21.
Early Redemption Amount
[Not Applicable/[●] per Calculation Amount] 
Early redemption amount(s) per Calculation
Amount payable on redemption for taxation
reasons or on acceleration following a
Guarantor Event of Default or other early
redemption:
(If both the Early Redemption Amount and the Early 
Termination Amount are the principal amount of the 
Covered 
Bonds/specify 
the 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount and/or the Early Termination Amount if 
different from the principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds)]  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
22.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/Insert place for Additional Financial 
Centre]  
[Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period end dates] 
23.
Details relating to Covered Bonds for which
principal is repayable in instalments: amount
of each instalment, date on which each
payment is to be made:
[Not Applicable/insert amount of each instalment, 
date on which each payment is to be made] 
DISTRIBUTION

--- Page 263 ---
263
24.
(i) If syndicated, names and address of
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) Names and address of Stabilising
Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name] 
25.
If non-syndicated, name and address of
Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name] 
26.
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category, TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable] 
27.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
28.
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
29.
Date of Subscription Agreement:
[Not Applicable/[●]]” 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for [(Relevant third party information) which has been extracted from 
(specify source). Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify 
source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (as Issuer) 
By: ______________________________________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. (as Guarantor) 
By: ______________________________________________________ 
Duly authorized

--- Page 264 ---
264
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/None] 
 
(ii) 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
 
Admission to trading 
 
 
 
 
Estimate of the total expenses 
related to admission to trading 
[Application [is expected to be/has been] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/specify other regulated 
market] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Covered Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
[●] 
 
2. 
RATING 
 
Rating: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Covered Bonds to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated: 
[rating(s)] by [credit rating agency].  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to the Covered Bonds of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this haspreviously been published by the rating 
provider) 
Each of [Insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the [European 
Union] / [United Kingdom] and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”)] / [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”)].  
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
[European Union]/[United Kingdom] and has applied for 
registration under [the EU CRA Regulation]/[UK CRA 
Regulation], although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.]  
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
[European Union]/[United Kingdom] and has not applied 
for registration under the [EU CRA Regulation]/[ UK CRA

--- Page 265 ---
265 
Regulation] but the rating issued by it is endorsed by 
[insert endorsing credit rating agency] which is established 
in the European Union and [is registered under the [EU / 
UK] CRA Regulation] [has applied for registration under 
the [EU / UK] CRA Regulation, although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority].]  
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
[European Union]/[United Kingdom] and has not applied 
for registration under [the EU CRA Regulation] /[UK CRA 
Regulation] but is certified in accordance with the [EU / 
UK] CRA Regulation.]  
[[Insert Credit Rating Agency] is not established in the 
[European Union]/[United Kingdom] and is not certified 
under [the EU CRA Regulation] /[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)] and the rating given by it is not endorsed 
by a Credit Rating Agency established in the [European 
Union]/[United Kingdom] and registered under the [EU / 
UK] CRA Regulation.]  
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the [United 
Kingdom]/[insert] and is [registered with the Financial 
Conduct Authority in accordance with] / [the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [UK-based credit rating 
agency] registered with the FCA in accordance with] / 
[certified under] [the UK Credit Rating Agencies 
Regulation, as amended by the Credit Rating Agencies 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019]] 
  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
“So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest 
material to the offer.”]  
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)

--- Page 266 ---
266
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS  
 
(a) 
Use of proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[●] 
 
5. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] /[Not Applicable].  
[Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR / other] 
which is provided by []. [As at [], [] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended [(the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”)].] [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that as at [] is not required to obtain authorisation or 
registration.]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI Code: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Number 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not Available] 
 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website 
of 
the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available] 
 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other than Monte 
Titoli 
S.p.A. 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[____________] 
 
Address of any Relevant Clearing System(s) other 
than Monte Titoli S.p.A., Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme: 
[Not Applicable/[____________]

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and Specified Offices of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
Calculation 
Agent(s), 
Listing 
Agent(s) 
or 
Representative of the Bondholders (if any): 
[●] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
[Yes/No]  
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Covered Bonds are intended upon 
issue to be held in a form which would allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility 
(i.e. 
issued 
in 
dematerialised 
form 
(emesse 
in 
forma 
dematerializzata) and wholly and exclusively 
deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance 
with 83-bis of Italian legislative decree No. 58 
of 24 February 1998, as amended, through the 
authorised institutions listed in article 83-
quater of such legislative decree) and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will 
be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]

--- Page 268 ---
268
KEY FEATURES OF REGISTERED COVERED BONDS (NAMENSSCHULD 
VERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
 
The Issuer may issue, under the Programme, German law governed covered bonds in registered form 
(Namensschuld verschreibungen) (the “Registered Covered Bonds”), each issued with a minimum 
denomination indicated in the applicable terms and conditions of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds (the 
“Registered CB Conditions”). 
The Registered Covered Bonds shall be governed by a set of legal documentation in the form from time to 
time agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not be governed by the Conditions set out in this Base 
Prospectus. Such legal documentation will comprise the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the form of any 
assignment agreement, attached to the Registered CB Conditions, to be used for any subsequent transfer of 
the Registered Covered Bonds (the “Assignment Agreement”), the related Registered Covered Bonds 
rules of organisation agreement, in the form from time to time agreed with the relevant Dealer, pursuant to 
which the holders of the Registered Covered Bonds will (a) agree to be bound by the terms of the Transaction 
Documents and (b) undertake to comply with the obligations, limitations and other covenants as to the 
exercise of certain rights in accordance with the principles set out in the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders (the “Registered CB Rules Agreement”) and the letter of appointment of (i) any 
additional paying agent in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds (the “Registered Paying Agent”) and 
(ii) the registrar in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds (the “Registrar”). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Issuer will be entitled to enter into a different or additional set of documentation as agreed 
with the relevant Dealer in relation to a specific issue of Registered Covered Bonds.  
The relevant Registered Covered Bonds, together with the related Registered CB Conditions attached thereto, 
the relevant Registered CB Rules Agreement and any other document expressed to govern such Registered 
Covered Bonds, will constitute the full terms and conditions of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee with limited 
recourse to the Available Funds. The Registered Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and the Covered Bonds, except in respect of the applicable maturity of each 
Series or Tranche of the Covered Bonds and the Registered Covered Bonds (as applicable), and (save for any 
applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured, unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer having the same maturity of each Series of Registered Covered Bonds or Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, from time to time outstanding.  
In accordance with the legal framework established by Law 130/99 and with the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Registered CB Rules Agreement and the Transaction Documents, the holders of Registered Covered 
Bonds shall have recourse to the Issuer and to the Guarantor, provided, however, that recourse to the 
Guarantor shall be limited to the Available Funds and the assets comprised in the Cover Pool, subject to, and 
in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments.  
The payment obligations under all the Registered Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds issued from time to 
time shall be cross-collateralised by all the assets included in the Cover Pool, through the Covered Bond 
Guarantee.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market and will not be 
settled through a clearing system. Registered Covered Bonds will be issued in registered form (nominativi) as 
Namensschuld verschreibungen and will not be dematerialised.

--- Page 269 ---
269
The Registered Covered Bonds will be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, save that, in 
any case, certain provisions (including those relating to status, limited recourse of the Registered Covered 
Bonds and those applicable to the Issuer and the Cover Pool) shall be governed by Italian law.  
In connection with the Registered Covered Bonds, references in this Base Prospectus to information being set 
out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms shall be read 
and construed as a reference to such information being set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or 
otherwise provided in the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating 
thereto or any other document expressed to govern such Registered Covered Bonds and, as applicable, each 
other reference to Final Terms in the Base Prospectus shall be construed and read as a reference to such 
Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement thereto or any other document expressed to 
govern such Registered Covered Bonds.  
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds shall not be effective until the transferee has delivered to the 
Registrar a duly executed Assignment Agreement. A transfer can only occur for the minimum denomination 
indicated in the applicable Registered CB Conditions or multiples thereof.

--- Page 270 ---
270
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series and/or Tranche of Covered Bonds will be used for the general 
corporate purposes of the Issuer.

--- Page 271 ---
271
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bond includes the legend “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bond does not include the legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors”, in relation to each member state of the European Economic Area (each, a 
“Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State, except that it may make 
an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a “qualified investor” as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than “qualified investors” as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation 
to any Covered Bonds in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bond includes the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made

--- Page 272 ---
272 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bond does not include the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Covered Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domesic law by virtue of the EUWA ; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domesic law by virtue of the EUWA), in the 
United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to any 
Covered Bonds in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold within the United States of America or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Security Act.  
The Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States of America or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder.

--- Page 273 ---
273
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver 
Covered Bonds, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of 
the distribution, as determined and certified to the Issuer by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of 
Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of 
which such Covered Bonds are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
Persons. Each Dealer further agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Covered Bonds during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account of benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings givent to them by Regulations S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Covered Bonds comprising any Series or 
Tranche, any offer or sale of Covered Bonds within the United States of America by any dealer (whether or 
not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer 
or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the 
Securtities Act. 
Each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may also be subject to such further United States selling 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
United Kingdom 
In relation to each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, each Dealer subscribing for or purchasing such 
Covered Bonds represents to and agrees with the Issuer and each other such Dealer (if any) that: 
1. 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”)) received by it in connection 
with the issue of the Covered Bonds in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
2. 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to the Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of Covered Bonds has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that the sale of 
the Covered Bonds in Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control 
and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Without prejudice to paragraph “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” above, no Covered Bonds may 
be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any 
Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and any applicable provision of Italian laws and 
regulations; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation, and in accordance with any applicable Italian laws and regulations 
including, inter alia, the Financial Services Act and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999.

--- Page 274 ---
274 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy must be:  
a. 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 and the Banking Act (in each case, as amended); and 
b. 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) or 
other Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948) (the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it 
has not offered or sold and it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or 
for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations, and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Covered Bonds or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any 
related offering material, in all cases at its own expense and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Covered Bonds under the laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. Persons 
into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers 
to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, 
in all cases at their own expenses. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represent that the Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in this paragraph headed 
“General”. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 275 ---
275 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, admission to trading and minimum denomination 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Covered Bonds (other than Registered 
Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) may be listed on such other stock exchange as the 
Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) may agree, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or may be issued on an 
unlisted basis. 
The Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued with a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount 
in such currency). 
The Registered CB Conditions will specify the minimum denomination for the Registered Covered Bonds. No 
Registered Covered Bond will be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
on 24 February, 2009 and subsequently extended on 26 November 2020.   
The increase of the maximum plafond of the Programme from Euro 5,000,000,000 to Euro 10,000,000,000 
was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 26 November 2020. 
The granting of the Guarantee was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor on 
17 October, 2011 and subsequently confirmed on 4 December 2020.  
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in connection with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) have been accepted for clearance through 
Monte Titoli, Euroclear and Clearstream. In particular, the Covered Bonds (other than the Registered 
Covered Bonds) will be issued in dematerialised form and held on behalf of the beneficial owners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account 
Holders (including Euroclear and Clearstream). The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing 
system as shall have accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information. 
The address of Monte Titoli is Piazza Affari 6, 20123, Milan. 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a clearing system. The Registered CB Conditions 
will specify the agent or registrar through which payments under the Registered Covered Bonds will be made 
and settled. 
Common codes and ISIN numbers 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the 
Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) will be specified in the 
Final Terms relating thereto.

--- Page 276 ---
276 
The Representative of the Bondholders 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Terms and Conditions and the Rules, there shall be at all times a 
Representative of the Bondholders appointed to act in the interest and behalf of the Bondholders. The initial 
Representative of Bondholders shall be KPMG Fides Servizi di Amministrazione S.p.A. 
No material litigation 
Save as disclosed under the section “Description of the Issuer”, paragraph “Legal and Arbitration 
Proceedings” of this Base Prospectus, Mediobanca is not or has not been involved in any governmental, legal, 
arbitration or administrative proceedings in the 12 months preceding the date of this document relating to 
claims or amounts which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the Mediobanca 
financial position or profitability and, so far as Mediobanca is aware no such litigation, arbitration or 
administrative proceedings are pending or threatened. 
The Guarantor is not or has not been involved in any governmental, legal, arbitration or administrative 
proceedings in the 12 months preceding the date of this document relating to claims or amounts which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the Guarantor financial position or profitability 
and, so far as the Guarantor is aware no such litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings are 
pending or threatened. 
No material adverse change and no significant change 
In the case of Mediobanca:  
(i) 
since 30 June 2024 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent 
audited annual financial statements of Mediobanca have been prepared), there has been no material 
adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer; and  
(ii) 
since 30 September 2024 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which financial 
information of Mediobanca has been published), there has been no significant change in the financial 
performance or financial position of Mediobanca and its Group.  
Furthermore, Mediobanca is not aware of any information on trends, uncertainties, requests, commitments 
or facts known which could reasonably have a significant impact on Mediobanca’s prospects for the current 
financial year.  
In the case of the Guarantor, since 30 June 2024 (being both the last day of the financial period in respect of 
which the most recent audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor have been prepared and the last 
day of the financial period in respect of which financial information of the Guarantor has been published), 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects nor significant change in the financial 
performance or financial position of the Guarantor. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent  
The Issuer has undertaken to maintain a listing agent in Luxembourg so long as Covered Bonds are listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The listing agent appointed in Luxembourg is BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch (“BNP Paribas, 
Luxembourg Branch”). 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch being part of a financial group providing client services with a worldwide 
network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other BNP Paribas 
Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg.

--- Page 277 ---
277 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding and listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following 
documents 
will 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/covered-bond.html, namely: 
(a) 
the Issuer's by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof; 
(b) 
the Guarantor's memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws (Statuto) as of the date 
hereof; 
(c) 
the audited published consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the 
years ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023;  
(d) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended 30 June 2024 
and 3o June 2023; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, any further Base 
Prospectus;  
(f) 
any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any Covered Bonds 
which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by 
the relevant Bondholders;  
(g) 
any other document incorporated by reference; and 
(h) 
any material contracts and other documents relating to the Guarantee. 
Publication on the Internet 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms will be available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at www.luxse.com.  
Accounts of the Issuer and of the Guarantor 
EY S.p.A., a company with its registered offices in Via Meravigli, 12, 20123, Milan, Italy, is the current 
independent auditors of Mediobanca and of the Guarantor and it has audited the separate and consolidated 
financial statements of Mediobanca as at 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023 as well as the separate financial 
statements of the Guarantor as at 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023, all incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus. EY is authorised and regulated by the MEF and registered on the special register of auditing 
firms held by MEF under No. 70945.  
Post-issuance transaction information 
Unless required to do so by applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer does not intend to publish post-
issuance information.

--- Page 278 ---
278 
GLOSSARY 
Acceptance Date (Data di Accettazione) means (i) with respect to the purchase of each Subsequent 
Portfolio, a date falling not later than the third Business Day preceding each Issue Date, and (ii) with respect 
to the purchase of each Further Portfolio, a date falling not later than the third Business Day preceding each 
Guarantor Payment Date. 
Account means each of the Collection Account, the Transaction Account, the Securities Account, the 
Reserve Account and the Expenses Account and any other account which may be opened in the name of the 
Guarantor for the deposit of any Eligible Asset, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets and/or Eligible 
Investments under the Cash Management Agreement. 
Account Bank means Mediobanca or any other entity appointed from time to time to act as such in 
accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Accrual Yield has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Additional Seller means any additional entity of the Mediobanca Group which may from time to time 
enter into the Programme in capacity as seller under the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount means the amount calculated pursuant to the formula set out in 
clause 2.2 of the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
Amortisation Test means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of the Portfolio 
Management Agreement in order to ensure that, on each Calculation Date, following the delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice, the outstanding principal balance of the Cover Pool which for such purpose is considered as 
an amount equal to the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is higher than or equal to the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount has the meaning ascribed to it in the Portfolio 
Management Agreement. 
Amortisation Test Verification has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 7 of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. 
Article 74 Event means the issuance of a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Banking Act in respect of 
the Issuer. 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Bondholders on 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor, stating that the Article 74 Event has been revoked. 
Asset Coverage Test means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of the Portfolio 
Management Agreement in order to ensure that, on the relevant Calculation Date, the Adjusted Aggregate 
Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. 
Asset Coverage Test Verification has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 4 of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement.

--- Page 279 ---
279 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the First Issue 
Date between the Asset Monitor, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Servicer, the Representative of the 
Bondholders and the Test Report Provider. 
Asset Monitor means BDO Italia S.p.A. or any other entity appointed from time to time to act as such in 
accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement and in compliance with the Covered Bonds Law. 
Asset Monitor Report means the report which shall be delivered by the Asset Monitor on each Asset 
Monitor Report Date to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Test Report Provider and the 
Representative of the Bondholders pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Asset Monitor Agreement.  
Asset Monitor Report Date means the date on which an Asset Monitor Report shall be delivered by the 
Asset Monitor, namely: 
(i) 
with respect to the Mandatory Test Verification, the Liquidity Buffer Test Verification, the 
Integration Limits Verification and the Asset Coverage Test Verification, 10 Business Days following 
receipt of the relevant Test Performance Report by the Test Report Provider on each of (a) the 
Calculation Date immediately following the First Issue Date, (b) the Calculation Date immediately 
preceding each anniversary date of the First Issue Date and (c) each Calculation Date as referred to 
in Clause 8.2 (Breach of Mandatory Test and Asset Coverage Test prior to an Issuer Default Notice), 
Clause 8.3 (Breach of Liquidity Buffer Test) and Clause 8.4 (Breach of Integration Limits) upon 
occurrence of the circumstances set out thereunder; or 
(ii) 
with respect to the Amortisation Test Verification, 10 Business Days following receipt of the Test 
Performance Report to be delivered by the Test Report Provider (on behalf of the Guarantor) on each 
Calculation Date after service of an Issuer Default Notice (but prior to a Guarantor Default Notice). 
Asset Percentage means (i) 84 per cent. or (ii) such lesser percentage figure as determined from time to 
time by the Test Report Provider (on behalf of the Guarantor and in accordance with the Rating Agency’s 
methodology) and notified to Fitch and the Representative of the Bondholders, provided that the Asset 
Percentage may not, at any time, be higher than 84 per cent. 
The Guarantor (or the Test Report Provider on its behalf) will, on the Calculation Date, send notification to 
Fitch and the Representative of the Bondholders of the percentage figure selected by it, being the difference 
between 100 per cent. and the amount of credit enhancement required to maintain the then current ratings 
of the covered bonds.  
The Asset Percentage will be adjusted from time to time in order to ensure that sufficient credit enhancement 
will be maintained. 
Assets (Attivi) means, collectively, the Eligible Assets, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets which 
will be transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme. 
Available Funds (Fondi Disponibili) means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the Principal 
Available Funds. 
Banking Act (TUB) means Legislative Decree 1 September 1993, No. 385 as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. 
Base Interests (Tasso di Interesse) means the base interests due by the Guarantor under Clause 5.1 (Tasso 
di Interesse della Tranche A) and 5.2 (Tasso di Interesse della Tranche B) of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement.

--- Page 280 ---
280
Benchmarks Regulation means the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or 
to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
Beneficiary means the Bondholders and any other person or entity entitled to receive a payment from the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee, in accordance with the Covered Bonds Law.  
BoI Regulations (Regolamento della Banca d’Italia) means supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy 
relating to covered bonds under Part III, Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013, containing 
the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and amended. 
Bondholders (Portatori dei Covered Bond) means the holders, from time to time, of any Covered Bonds of 
each Series of Covered Bonds. 
Borrower means any person in favour of which any Mortgage Loan or Public Asset has been granted by the 
Seller. 
Breach of Test Notice means the notice delivered by the Representative of the Bondholders in accordance 
with the terms of the Portfolio Management Agreement and Condition 11. 
Business Day (Giorno Lavorativo) means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are 
generally open for business in Milan, Luxembourg and London and on which the T2 System (or any 
successor thereto) is open. 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day 
that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified 
Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such date 
should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date will be 
the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, 
in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business 
Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar

--- Page 281 ---
281
month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention. 
Calculation Agent means Mediobanca or any other entity appointed from time to time to act as such in 
accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Calculation Date means (i) with reference to the activities to be carried out by the Calculation Agent, a date 
falling not later than the second Business Day preceding each Guarantor Payment Date, and (ii) with 
reference to the activities to be carried out by the Test Report Provider, a date falling not later than the 3rd 
Business Day following the Quarterly Report Date.  
Call Option has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Cash Management Agreement means the cash management agreement entered into on or about the 
First Issue Date between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Seller, the Account Bank, the 
Investment Manager, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Interest Determination Agent, the Paying 
Agent, the Test Report Provider and the Representative of the Bondholders, as amended and restated on 21 
September 2023 in order to make the agreement compliant with the provisions of Title 1-bis of the Law 
130/99 and the BoI Regulations and subsequently amended on 4 February 2025. 
CB Payment Date means the First CB Payment Date and any date or dates specified as such in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(iii) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(iv) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months 
following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first CB Payment Date) or the previous 
CB Payment Date (in any other case). 
CB Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any CB Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the following CB Payment Date. 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking Société Anonyme, Luxembourg with offices at 42 avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Collection Account means the euro denominated bank account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Account Bank, IBAN: IT82Y1063101600000070201377, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
Collection Period (Periodo di Incasso) means the quarterly periods of each year commencing on (and 
including) the first calendar day of months of January, April, July and October and ending on (and 
including), respectively, the last calendar day of the months of March, June, September and December and,

--- Page 282 ---
282 
in the case of the first Collection Period in relation to the Initial Portfolio, commencing on (and excluding) 
the Initial Valuation Date and ending on (and excluding) the first calendar day of month of January 2012. 
Collection Policies (Procedure di Riscossione) means the procedures implemented by the Servicer for the 
management, collection and recovery of the instalments and all and any other amounts from time to time 
due in relation to the Assets, pursuant to the Schedule 1 to the Servicing Agreement.  
CONSOB means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
Corporate Servicer (Prestatore di Servizi Amministrativi) means Studio Rock STP S.r.l., with registered 
office at Via Filippo Turati 29, 20121, Milan, Italy, VAT number 10036360153. 
Corporate Services Agreement (Contratto di Servizi Amministrativi) means the agreement entered into 
on 21 December, 2023 between the Guarantor and the Corporate Servicer pursuant to which the Corporate 
Servicer will provide certain administration services to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme. 
Covered Bonds Law (Normativa sui Covered Bond) means, jointly, the discipline applicable to the 
covered bonds according to the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations. 
Covered Bond means any covered bond of any Series issued from time to time by the Issuer in the context 
of the Programme. 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements means the 1992 ISDA Master Agreements entered into between the 
Guarantor and the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty on or about the First Issue Date, together with 
the relevant Schedule, the relevant Credit Support Annex which may be from time to time entered into in the 
context of the Programme and the relevant confirmations, which may be from time to time entered into in 
the context of the Programme, documenting the interest rate swap transactions supplemental thereto. 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty means Mediobanca, acting in such capacity or any other entity acting 
as such pursuant to the Covered Bond Swap Agreements. 
Cover Pool (Patrimonio Separato) means the cover pool constituted by (i) the Eligible Assets, (ii) the 
Integration Assets and (iii) the Liquid Assets, purchased from time to time by the Guarantor in the context of 
the Programme. 
Cover Pool Swap Agreement means the 1992 ISDA Master Agreements entered into between the Issuer 
and the Cover Pool Swap Counterparty on or about the First Issue Date, together with the relevant Schedule, 
the relevant Credit Support Annex which may be from time to time entered into in the context of the 
Programme and the relevant confirmations, which may be from time to time entered into in the context of 
the Programme, documenting the interest rate swap transactions supplemental thereto. 
Cover Pool Swap Counterparty means Mediobanca, acting in such capacity or any other entity acting as 
such pursuant to the Cover Pool Swap Agreement. 
CRR means the Regulation (EU) No. 575 of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms (as from time to time amended and modified). 
Current Balance means in relation to a Mortgage Loan and/or any other Asset and/or any Eligible 
Investment at any given date, the Outstanding Principal Balance relating to that Mortgage Loan and/or that 
Asset and/or that Eligible Investment as at that date.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and:

--- Page 283 ---
283
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it falls, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360; 
(v) 
if 30/360 (Fixed rate) is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months 
(unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day 
of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month); 
(vi) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the CB Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a CB Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(vii) 
if 30/360 (Floating Rate) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows  
Day Count Fraction =   
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x






--- Page 284 ---
284
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction =  
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(ix) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which 
payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction =  
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x






--- Page 285 ---
285 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, provided, however, that in each such case the 
number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from and including the first day of the 
Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period. 
Dealers means Mediobanca and Mediobanca International, as well as any other entity which may be 
appointed as such by the Issuer upon execution of a letter in the terms or substantially in the terms set out in 
Schedule 8 (Form of Dealer Accession Letter) to the Programme Agreement on any other terms acceptable to 
the Issuer and such entity.  
Debtor (Debitore Ceduto) means any borrower, any person which has granted a Security Interest and/or 
any other person who is liable for the payment or repayment of amounts due in respect of an Asset or a 
Security Interest and Debtors means from time to time all of them. 
Decree No. 239 means the Italian Legislative Decree 1 April 1996, No. 239 as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
Deed of Charge means the English law deed of charge entered into on or about the First Issue Date 
between the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders (acting as security trustee for the 
Bondholders and for the other Secured Creditors). 
Defaulted Assets (Attivi in Sofferenza) means (A) any Asset arising from Mortgage Loans and Public 
Assets included in the Cover Pool (a) for which it has been established the ineffectiveness of recovery actions, 
and in relation to which the relevant Debtor has been classified as being “in sofferenza” by the Servicer in 
accordance with the Bank of Italy regulations as amended and updated from time to time and collection 
policy thereof, and (B) the Assets different from the Mortgage Loans and the Public Assets included in the 
Cover Pool in relation to which the relevant Debtor has been classified as being “in sofferenza” by the 
Servicer in accordance with the Bank of Italy regulations as amended and updated from time to time and 
collection policy thereof. 
Defaulting Party has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Swap Agreements. 
Delinquent Assets (Attivi Deteriorati) means (A) any Asset arising from Mortgage Loans and the Public 
Assets included in the Cover Pool (a) having a material arrear of more than 90 days or (b) having at least four 
instalments which are past due and fully unpaid, even if such instalments are not consecutive, or (c) 
classified as “a forborne non performing”, or (d) consequential to a measure of granting with a decreased 
financial obligation of more than 1% or (e) connected to debtors which have entered into negotiated crisis 
settlements for over-indebtdness or (f) connected to an established fraud (“inadempienza probabile”) and 
(B) the Assets different from the Mortgage Loans and the Public Assets included in the Cover Pool in relation 
to which the relevant Debtor has been classified as being “ad inadempienza probabile” by the Servicer in 
accordance with the Bank of Italy regulations as amended and updated from time to time and collection 
policy thereof.

--- Page 286 ---
286
Due for Payment Date means (a) a Scheduled Due for Payment Date (as defined below) or (b) following 
the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the date on which the Guarantor Default Notice is served on 
the Guarantor. If the Due for Payment Date is not a Business Day, Due for Payment Date will be the next 
Business Day. 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has or have the 
earliest Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date and the relevant Extension Period has already started) as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Date means, as applicable, the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) or the date on which any Series of Covered Bonds is to be redeemed pursuant to 
Condition 8 (c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Early Termination Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount of 
such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the Terms and 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms. 
Eligible Assets (Attivi Idonei) means the following assets contemplated under article 7-novies of the Law 
130/99 and article 129 of the CRR: 
(i) 
the Residential Mortgage Loans; 
(ii) 
the Non Residential Mortgage Loans; and 
(iii) 
the Public Assets. 
Criteria (Criteri) means (i) with respect to the Initial Portfolio, collectively, the General Criteria and the 
Specific Criteria of the Initial Portfolio and (ii) with respect to the Subsequent Portfolios and Further 
Portfolios, collectively, the General Criteria, the Specific Criteria and the Further Criteria (if any) of the 
relevant Subsequent Portfolio or Further Portfolio. 
Eligible Institution means any depository institution organised under the laws of any State which is a 
member of the European Union or of the United States having a Long-Term Rating at least equal to  “BBB” or 
a Short-Term Rating at least equal to “F2” by Fitch or which is guaranteed by an entity having a Long-Term 
Rating at least equal to  “BBB” or a Short-Term Rating at least equal to “F2” by Fitch. 
Eligible Investments means the Euro denominated senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt 
instruments, provided that, in all cases:  
(a)  
such investments are immediately repayable on demand, disposable without penalty or have a 
maturity date falling on or before the third Business Day preceding the Guarantor Payment Date 
immediately succeeding the Collection Period in respect of which such eligible investments were 
made;  
(b)  
such investments provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than 
the initially invested amount) or in case of repayment or disposal, the principal amount upon 
repayment or disposal is at least equal to the principal amount invested and cannot include any 
embedded options (unless full payment of principal is paid in cash upon the exercise of the 
embedded option;

--- Page 287 ---
287 
(c)  
such debt securities or other debt instruments having at least:  
(1)  
“BBB” or ”F2”, for investments maturing up to 30 days; 
(2) 
“AA-” or “F1+”, for investments maturing from 30 days to 365 days; 
 
(d)   
a Euro denominated time deposit (including, for avoidance of any doubt, a term deposit) opened 
with the Account Bank or any other Eligible Institution; and 
(e) 
repurchase transactions between the Guarantor and an Eligible Institution in respect of Euro 
denominated debt securities or other debt instruments having the rating requirements specified 
under paragraph (c) above, provided that (i) title to the securities underlying such repurchase 
transactions (in the period between the execution of the relevant repurchase transactions and their 
respective maturity) effectively passes to the Guarantor and the obligations of the relevant 
counterparty are not related to the performance of the underlying securities, (ii) such repurchase 
transactions have a maturity date falling on or before the third Business Day preceding the 
Guarantor Payment Date immediately succeeding the Collection Period in respect of which such 
eligible investments were made, 
provided that any such investments shall comply with the requirements under article 129 of the CRR. 
EURIBOR shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Euro, € and EUR refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which adopt the 
single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community. 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., with offices at 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
Euro Equivalent means, in case of an issuance of Covered Bonds denominated in currency other than the 
Euro, an equivalent amount expressed in Euro calculated by the Calculation Agent at the prevailing exchange 
rate or, in case a cross-currency swap has been entered in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the exchange 
rate of the relevant cross-currency swap. 
Euronext Securities Milan means Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
Euronext Securities Milan Account Holders means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euronext Securities Milan (as intermediari 
aderenti) in accordance with Article 83-quater of Legislative Decree No. 58/98 and includes any depositary 
banks approved by Clearstream and Euroclear. 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts means any additional amounts relating to default interest or 
interest upon interest payable by the Issuer. 
Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts means any additional amounts relating to prepayments, early 
redemption, broken funding indemnities, or penalties payable by the Issuer. 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount means any termination payment due and payable by the 
Guarantor to a Swap Counterparty, where the Swap Counterparty is the Defaulting Party or the sole Affected 
Party pursuant to the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Expenses Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank, IBAN: IT78T1063101600000070201380, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement, into which the Retention Amount will be 
credited and from which any Expenses and Taxes will be paid during the period comprised between 
a Guarantor Payment Date and the immediately subsequent Guarantor Payment Date.

--- Page 288 ---
288
Expenses means any documented fees, costs, expenses, to be paid by the Guarantor in order to preserve its 
corporate existence, to maintain it in good standing and to comply with applicable legislation. 
Extended Maturity Date means the date, if any, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms when final 
redemption payments in relation to a specific Series of Covered Bonds become due and payable pursuant to 
the extension of the relevant Maturity Date. 
Extension Determination Date means, with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds, the date falling 
seven days after the Maturity Date of the relevant Series.  
Extension Period means, with reference to the Series of Covered Bonds subject to an Extended Maturity 
Date, the period starting on the relevant Maturity Date (included) and ending on the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date (excluded).  
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Rules attached to the Conditions. 
Facility means the facility to be granted by the Subordinated Lender pursuant to the terms of Clause 2 of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount of 
such Series. 
Final Terms means the final terms related to each Series of Covered Bond whose form is included in the 
Prospectus. 
First CB Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
First Issue Date (Prima Data di Emissione) means the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Provisions means Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions). 
Floating Rate Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Provisions means the relevant provisions of Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions). 
Further Criteria (Criteri Ulteriori) means the eligibility criteria, other than the General Criteria and the 
Specific Criteria, which the Seller and the Guarantor may apply, from time to time, to each Subsequent 
Portfolio and Further Portfolio, specifying such further criteria in the Schedule B to the relevant Transfer 
Proposal.  
Further Portfolio (Portafoglio Ulteriore) means all the Eligible Assets, compliant with the General 
Criteria, the relevant Specific Criteria and the relevant Further Criteria (if any) and/or Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets, which may be purchased as a pool (in blocco) and pro soluto by the Guarantor 
pursuant to Clause 3 (Cessione di Ulteriori Portafogli su base revolving) of the Master Purchase Agreement. 
GDPR means Regulation (EU) no. 679 of 27 April 2016.

--- Page 289 ---
289
General Criteria (Criteri Generali) means, jointly, (i) the Mortgage General Criteria, and (ii) the Public 
Assets General Criteria. 
Guarantee means the guarantee issued on or about the First Issue Date by the Guarantor in favour of the 
Beneficiaries. 
Guaranteed Payment Obligations means the payment obligations of interest and principal in relation of 
each Series of Covered Bonds guaranteed under the Guarantee. 
Guaranteed Amounts means (a) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, with respect to any 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to (i) the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled 
Principal, in each case, payable on that Schedule Due for Payment Date or any other amounts due and 
payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds pursuant to the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms and (ii) all amounts payable by the Guarantor under the Transaction Documents ranking senior to any 
payment due in respect of the Covered Bonds according to the applicable Priority of Payments, or (b) after 
the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, an amount equal to (i) the relevant Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined and specified in the Terms and Conditions) plus all accrued and unpaid interests and all other 
amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all Excluded Scheduled Interest 
Amounts and all Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose), and (ii) all amounts 
payable by the Guarantor under the Transaction Documents ranking senior to any payment due in respect to 
the Covered Bonds according to the applicable Priority of Payments. The Guaranteed Amounts include any 
Guaranteed Amount that was timely paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Bondholders to the extent it has 
been clawed back and recovered from the Bondholders by the receiver or liquidator, in bankruptcy or other 
insolvency or similar proceedings for the Issuer named or identified in the order, and has not been paid or 
recovered from any other source (the “Clawed Back Amounts”). 
Guarantor Default Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.3 (Guarantor Events of Default). 
Guarantor Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.3 (Guarantor Events of Default). 
Guarantor means Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l., a limited liability company incorporated under the laws 
of the Republic of Italy, whose registered office at Via Filippo Turati No. 29, 20121 Milan, Italy, Fiscal Code 
and registration with the Companies Register in Milan No. 03915310969, under the direction and 
coordination of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Guarantor Payment Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Paying Agent with number 800882300 (Iban code: IT 96 R 03479 01600 
000800882300),or such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash 
Management Agreement into which the Cash Manager (on behalf of the Guarantor) will credit by 9:00 a.m. 
of each Due for Payment Date the amounts due from time to time under the Covered Bonds and out of which 
the Paying Agent will make the payments due in favour of the Bondholders on behalf of the Guarantor after 
to the service of an Issuer Default Notice. 
Guarantor Payment Date means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling 
on the 28th day of January, April, July and October or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately 
following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, any day on which any 
payment is required to be made by the Representative of the Bondholders in accordance with the Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments, the relevant Terms and Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. The 
first Guarantor Payment Date will fall on 28 January, 2011. 
Initial Portfolio (Portafoglio Iniziale) means the portfolio of receivables arising from Residential Mortgage 
Loan Agreement purchased by the Guarantor on 30 November, 2011 pursuant to Article 2 of the Master 
Purchase Agreement in order to allow Mediobanca to issue the First Series of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 290 ---
290 
Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement (Contratto di Finanziamento Subordinato Iniziale) means the 
subordinated loan agreement entered into between the Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor on 30 
November, 2011. 
Initial Subordinated Loan (Finanziamento Subordinato Iniziale) means the subordinated loan granted 
by the Subordinated Lender in favour of the Guarantor pursuant to the Initial Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
Initial Valuation Date (Data di Valutazione Iniziale) means, with reference to the Initial Portfolio, the 
date falling on 30 September, 2011.  
Initial Transfer Date (Data di Cessione Iniziale) means, with reference to the Initial Portfolio, the date on 
which the Publicities provided for in the Master Purchase Agreement have been carried out. 
Insolvency Event means in respect of any company, entity or corporation that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable liquidation, 
administration, insolvency, composition or reorganisation (including, without limitation, 
“liquidazione giudiziale”, “liquidazione coatta amministrativa”, “concordato preventivo” and 
“amministrazione straordinaria”, each such expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the 
laws of the Republic of Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, winding-up, reorganisation, 
dissolution, administration) or similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of such company, entity or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any 
procedure having a similar effect (other than in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets 
purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), 
unless in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders, (who may in this respect rely on the 
advice of a legal adviser selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a 
reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) above is made in respect of 
or by such company, entity or corporation or such proceedings are otherwise initiated against such 
company or corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders (who may in 
this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), the commencement of such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment of deferment of any of its 
obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Transaction Documents) 
or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any 
guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of payments (other than, in 
respect of the Issuer, the issuance of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Act); or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution in 
any form of such company, entity or corporation or any of the events under article 2448 of the Civil 
Code occurs with respect to such company, entity or corporation (except in any such case a winding-
up or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, 
the terms of which have been previously approved in writing by the Representative of the 
Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or analogous to 
those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or corporation is deemed to 
carry on business.

--- Page 291 ---
291
Insolvency Law means the Legislative Decree 12 January 2019, No. 14, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. 
Integration Assets (Attivi Idonei Integrativi) means the assets referred to in article 129, paragraph 1, 
letter c) of the CRR (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time), being, as the date hereof, 
exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or credit quality step 2, or exposures to 
credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 where those exposures are in the form of:  
(i) 
short‐term deposits with an original maturity not exceeding 100 days, where used to meet the cover 
pool liquidity buffer requirement of Article 16 of Directive (EU) 2019/2162; or  
(ii) 
derivative contracts that meet the requirements of Article 11(1) of that Directive, where permitted by 
the competent authorities. 
Integration Limits (Limiti di Integrazione) means the maximum percentage of Integration Assets and 
Liquidity Assets which may be comprised in the Cover Pool pursuant to article 129, paragraph 1(a), of the 
CRR. 
Integration Limits Verification has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 6 of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. 
Intercreditor Agreement (Accordo tra Creditori) means the agreement entered into on or about the First 
Issue Date between the Guarantor and the other Secured Creditors, as amended from time to time and 
restated on 21 September 2023 in order to make the agreement compliant with the provisions of Title 1-bis of 
the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations. 
Interest Amount means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and a CB Interest Period, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of that Series for that CB Interest Period. 
Interest Available Funds (Fondi Disponibili in Linea Interessi) means, on each Guarantor Payment Date: 
(i) 
any interest collected by the Servicer and/or by the Guarantor in respect of the Assets and credited 
into the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties received by the Servicer and/or by the Guarantor 
and credited into the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
(iii) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or deduction or expenses, if due) and paid on 
the Accounts during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(iv) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments during the preceding Collection Period; 
(v) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal received under the Cover Pool Swaps;  
(vi) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal received under each Covered Bond Swap other than 
the Swap Collateral (if any); 
(vii) 
any swap termination payments received from a Swap Counterparty under a Swap Agreement, 
provided that such amounts will first be used to pay a Replacement Swap Counterparty to enter into 
a Replacement Swap Agreement, unless a Replacement Swap Agreement has already been entered 
into by or on behalf of the Guarantor;

--- Page 292 ---
292 
(viii) 
prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor amounts standing to the credit of 
the Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve Amount and following the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice on the Guarantor, any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account; 
(ix) 
all amounts to be allocated from the Principal Available Funds as Interest Shortfall Amount; 
(x) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest Available 
Funds or Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Coverage Test means the test to be calculated pursuant to the terms of the Portfolio Management 
Agreement so that the amount of interest and other revenues generated by the assets included in the Cover 
Pool (including the payments of any nature expected to be received by the Guarantor with respect to any 
Swap Agreement which comply with article 7-decies of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations), net of the 
costs borne by the Guarantor (including the expected costs related to the maintenance and administration for 
the unwinding of the Programme and the payments of any nature expected to be born or due with respect to 
any Swap Agreement), shall be at least equal to the amount of interests and costs due on all Series of Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Interest Determination Agent means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch which is appointed to act as interest 
determination agent pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement.  
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Shortfall Amount means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, the amount due and payable under 
items from (i) to (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment, to the extent that the 
Interest Available Funds are not sufficient, on such Guarantor Payment Date, to make such payments in full.  
Investor Report means the report containing certain information on the Cover Pool and on the Covered 
Bond which shall be delivered, on each Investor Report Date, by the Calculation Agent - subject to timely 
receipt of certain information - via e-mail to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Bondholders, the Cash Manager, the Seller, the Servicer, the Paying Agent, the Account Bank and the Rating 
Agency. 
Investor Report Date means a date falling not later than the second Business Day following each 
Calculation Date. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the 
first Series of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
ISDA Determination means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with Condition 6(c) 
(ISDA Determination). 
Issue Date (Data di Emissione) means each date on which any Series of Covered Bond will be issued in the 
context of the Programme. 
Issuer means Mediobanca. 
Issuer Default Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.1 (Issuer Events of Default).

--- Page 293 ---
293
Issuer Default Notice Date means the date on which the Guarantor has received the Issuer Default Notice 
sent by the Representative of the Bondholders. 
Issuer Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.1 (Issuer Events of Default). 
Issuer Payment Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Issuer with 
the Paying Agent with number 800882200 (Iban code: IT 76 Q 03479 01600 000800882200), or such other 
substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement, into which the 
Issuer will credit by 9:00 a.m. of each CB Payment Date the amounts due from time to time under the 
Covered Bonds and out of which the Paying Agent will make the payments due in favour of the Bondholders 
on behalf of the Issuer prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice. 
Joint Resolution means the resolution of 13 August, 2018 jointly issued by CONSOB and the Bank of Italy 
and published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) 
No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as amended from time to time. 
Latest Maturing Covered Bonds means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has or have the 
latest Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date and the relevant Extension Period has already started) as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Latest Valuation means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset, the value given to the relevant 
Real Estate Asset by the most recent valuation (to be performed in accordance with the requirements 
provided for under the prudential regulations for banks issued by the Bank of Italy) addressed to the Seller or 
obtained from an independently maintained valuation model, acceptable to reasonable and prudent 
institutional mortgage lenders in Italy. 
Life of the Programme means the period of time comprised between the First Issue Date and the latest of 
(i) the date on which the Revolving Period has elapsed and (ii) the Programme End Date. 
Liquid Assets means the assets identified under article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letter a) and letter b), of 
the Law 130/99, as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time, being as at the date hereof: 
(i) 
high quality liquid assets pursuant to the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61, adopted 
pursuant of article 460 of the CRR, which are not been issued by the bank itself, by its parent company, 
(except that the latter is a public sector body other than one bank), by a subsidiary of the issuing bank, by 
another subsidiary of the parent company or by a securitisation vehicle with which the bank has close links; 
and 
(ii) 
exposures with an original term equal to or less than 90 (ninety) days to banks that are classified in the 
merit classes of credit 1 or 2 or short-term deposits with any bank classified in credit quality steps 1, 2 or 3, 
pursuant to the provisions of article 129, paragraph 1, letter c), of the CRR, as amended by Regulation (EU) 
no. 2160/2019, 
provided that such assets satisfy the requirements to qualify as Eligible Investments. 
Liquidity Buffer Test means the requirement set forth in article 7-duodecies of the Law 130/99 that the 
amount of Liquid Assets comprised in the Cover Pool shall, on a continuing basis, be equal to or higher than 
the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 days, provided that, for 
the purposes of calculating the Net Liquidity Outflows, the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds shall be deemed to be due on the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date (where applicable) and not on 
the relevant Final Maturity Date.

--- Page 294 ---
294
Liquidity Buffer Test Verification has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 5 of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. 
Long-Term Deposit Rating means the long-term rating which may be assigned from Fitch to a bank 
account provider. 
Long-Term IDR means, with reference to an institution, the long-term issuer default rating (IDR) assigned 
from Fitch to such institution. 
Long-Term Rating means (i) with reference to the Account Bank, a Long-Term Deposit Rating (if assigned 
from Fitch) or a Long-Term IDR (where no Long-Term Deposit Rating is assigned from Fitch); and (ii) in any 
other case, a Long-Term IDR. 
Main Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the main financial centre for that currency 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the main financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Interest Determination Agent and/or the Paying Agent (as the case may be); and  
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case of a 
payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Interest Determination agent and/or 
the Paying Agent (as the case may be).  
Mandatory Test means the tests provided for under article 7-undecies, paragraph 1 of the Law 130/99. 
Mandatory Test Verification has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 3 of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Master Definitions Agreement (Accordo Quadro sulle Definizioni) means the master definitions 
agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Seller and the Representative of the Bondholders, containing all the definitions of the terms used in the 
Transaction Documents, as amended from time to time and restated on 21 September 2023 in order to make 
the agreement compliant with the provisions of Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations. 
Master Purchase Agreement (Contratto Quadro di Cessione) means the master purchase agreement 
entered into on 30 November, 2011 between, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Seller, as amended from time 
to time and restated on 21 September 2023 in order to make the agreement compliant with the provisions of 
Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations. 
Maturity Date (Data di Scadenza Convenzionale) means the date on which final redemption payments in 
relation to a specific Series of Covered Bonds become due in accordance with the Final Terms.  
Maximum Rate of Interest has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Mediobanca Group (Gruppo Mediobanca) means the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
Mediobanca International means Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A., a société anonyme 
subject to Luxembourg law and having its registered office at 14 Boulevard Roosevelt L-2450 Luxembourg, 
registered at the Luxembourg trade and companies registry under registration number B 112885.

--- Page 295 ---
295 
Meeting has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
Minimum 
Overcollateralisation 
Requirement 
means 
the 
requirement 
for 
a 
minimum 
overcollateralization equal to 5%, as set out in article 129, paragraph 3(a), of the CRR and in the Bank of Italy 
Regulation. 
Minimum Rate of Interest has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Mortgage Loan General Criteria (Criteri Generali dei Crediti Ipotecari) means the general criteria on 
the basis of which shall be selected the Mortgage Loans to be included in each Portfolio, as specified in the 
Schedule 1 – Part I – Section I to the Master Purchase Agreement.  
Mortgage Loan Agreement means any Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement or Non Residential 
Mortgage Loan Agreement out of which the Receivables arise. 
Mortgage Loan means a Residential Mortgage Loan or a Non Residential Mortgage Loan, as the case may 
be, the claims in respect of which have been and/or will be transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Mortgages (Ipoteche) means the mortgages created on the Real Estate Assets pursuant to Italian law in 
order to secure claims in respect of the Receivables. 
Negative Carry Factor means (i) nil if the relevant Covered Bond has a corresponding Cover Pool Swap 
structured as Total Balance Guaranteed Swap, otherwise (ii) a percentage calculated by reference to the 
weighted average margin of the Covered Bonds and will, in any event, be not less than 0.5 per cent. 
Net Liquidity Outflow means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal and interest 
payments, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day for claims related to the Cover Pool, 
calculated in accordance with article 7-duodecies of the Law 130/99 and Section III, paragraph 3, of the Bank 
of Italy Regulation, it being understood that, when the Maturity Date of a Series is extended to the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date, the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Series to be taken into account shall be 
based on the relevant Extended Maturity Date and not on the relevant Final Maturity Date. 
Non Residential Mortgage Loan (Mutuo Ipotecario Non Residenziale) means any Mortgage Loan 
secured by a Mortgage on a Real Estate Asset intended to commercial activities (destinato ad uso 
commerciale) comprised in the Cover Pool. 
Non Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement (Contratto di Mutuo Ipotecario Non Residenziale) means 
any commercial mortgage loan agreement under which a Non Residential Mortgage Loan has been granted 
in favour to the relevant Debtor. 
Offer Date (Data di Offerta) means (i) with respect to the purchase of each Subsequent Portfolio, a date 
falling not later than the fourth Business Day preceding each Issue Date, and (ii) with respect to the purchase 
of each Further Portfolio, a date falling not later than the fourth Business Day preceding each Guarantor 
Payment Date, i.e. the date within which the Seller may send to the Guarantor the Transfer Proposal 
pursuant to Article 2.2 of the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 296 ---
296
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Organisation of the Bondholders means the association of the Bondholders, organised pursuant to the 
Rules. 
Outstanding Principal Balance means, at any date, in relation to a Mortgage Loan, and/or any other 
Asset and/or any Eligible Investment, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such Mortgage 
Loan or such other Asset or such Eligible Investment at such date. 
Paying Agent means Mediobanca, as long as it is an Eligible Institution and provided that an Issuer Event 
of Default has not occurred, otherwise BNP Paribas, Italian Branch which is appointed to act as paying agent 
under the terms of the Cash Management Agreement, and any of its successors. 
Payment Business Day means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment are open for 
payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies and any day 
which is: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in the Main Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre. 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
Place of Payment means, in respect of any Bondholders, the place at which such Bondholder receives 
payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds. 
Portfolio Management Agreement means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date 
between the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Test Report Provider, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent 
and the Representative of the Bondholders, as amended and restated on 21 September 2023 in order to make 
the agreement compliant with the provisions of Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations and 
subsequently amended on 4 February 2025. 
Portfolio (Portafoglio) means, collectively, the Initial Portfolio, any Subsequent Portfolios and any Further 
Portfolios which will be purchased by the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Master Purchase 
Agreement. 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payment means the order of priority pursuant to which 
the Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, in accordance with Clause 5.4 of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payment means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the service of an Issuer Default 
Notice, but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, in accordance with Clause 5.3 of the 
Intercreditor Agreement.

--- Page 297 ---
297 
Potential Set-Off Amounts means an amount calculated on a quarterly basis by the Servicer and 
communicated to the Rating Agency as a percentage of the Cover Pool that the Servicer determines 
as potentially subject to set-off risk by the relevant Debtors, taking into consideration the portion of the 
Debtors having current and deposit accounts opened with the Seller.   
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of 
an Issuer Default Notice, in accordance with Clause 5.1 of the Intercreditor Agreement.  
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payment means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of 
an Issuer Default Notice, in accordance with Clause 5.2 of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payment means, as applicable, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payment or the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payment. 
Premium Interests means, on any Guarantor Payment Date:  
(A) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive difference 
between (a) the sum of the Interest Available Funds, with respect to the immediately preceding 
Collection Period, and (b) the algebraic sum of the amounts due by the Guarantor under items from 
(i) to (xi) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; or 
(B) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default but prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor 
Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive difference between (a) the sum of the Available 
Funds with respect to the immediately preceding Collection Period and (b) the algebraic sum of the 
amounts due by the Guarantor under items from (i) to (ix) (included) of the Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority of Payments; or 
(C) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, an amount equal to the positive difference 
between (a) the sum of the Available Funds with respect to the immediately preceding Collection 
Period and (b) the algebraic sum of the amounts due by the Guarantor under items from (i) to (vii) 
(included) of the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments.  
Principal Amount Outstanding means, on any date: (a) in relation to a Covered Bond, the principal 
amount of that Covered Bond upon issue less the aggregate amount of any principal payments in respect of 
that Covered Bond which have become due and payable (and been paid) on or prior to that date; and (b) in 
relation to the Covered Bonds outstanding at any time, the aggregate of the amount in (a) in respect of all 
Covered Bonds outstanding. 
Principal Available Funds means, on each Guarantor Payment Date: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer and/or the Guarantor in respect of the Cover Pool and 
credited to the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by the Servicer and/or the Guarantor and 
credited from time to time to the Transaction Account;  
(c) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the Assets; 
(d) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under any Swap Agreements other than the Swap 
Collateral (if any); and

--- Page 298 ---
298
(e) 
principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool in the past Collection Periods 
but still standing to the credit of the Transaction Account. 
Priorities of Payments (Ordine di Priorità dei Pagamenti) means each of the orders in which the 
Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Privacy Code means the legislative decree no. 196 dated 30 June 2003 as amended and supplemented from 
time to time, as well as any implementing regulations thereto. 
Privacy Rules means the Privacy Code, the GDPR and any other legislative act or provision of an 
administrative or regulatory nature - adopted by the Italian Privacy Authority (Autorità Garante per la 
Protezione dei Dati Personali) and/or other competent authority - in force from time to time. 
Program Debtor means any Counterparty who is or may become the debtor of any of the claims and rights 
over which the Pledge is hereby created other than the Debtors. 
Programme End Date means the earlier between (i) the date falling on a year and one day after the 
Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full at their relevant Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, if 
applicable pursuant to the relevant Final Terms) and (ii) in case of prepayment in full of the Covered Bonds, 
the date falling on two years and one day after the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full. 
Programme (Programma) means the covered bonds issue programme for the issuance of several Series of 
Covered Bond by the Issuer pursuant to Title 1-bis of Law 130/99. 
Programme Agreement means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date between the 
Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Initial Dealer, as amended 
from time to time and restated on 21 September 2023 in order to make the agreement compliant with the 
provisions of Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI Regulations. 
Programme Resolution has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
Publicity (Pubblicità) means, in relation to each Portfolio, collectively: (i) the publication on the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy of the transfer notice of such Portfolio, substantially in the form attached 
under Schedule 4 to the Master Purchase Agreement and (ii) the filing of an application for the registration of 
such assignment with the competent Companies’ Register.  
Public Assets (Attivi Pubblici) means the exposures to, or guaranteed by, the public entities and other 
subjects referred to in Article 129, paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of the CRR. 
Public Assets General Criteria (Criteri Generali degli Attivi Pubblici) means the general criteria on the 
basis of which shall be selected the Public Assets to be included in each Subsequent Portfolio and/or Further 
Portfolio, as specified in the Schedule 1 – Part I – Section II to the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Put Option has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to the Paying Agent by any Bondholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Bondholder. 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by the Paying Agent to a depositing Bondholder upon deposit 
of Covered Bonds with the Paying Agent by any Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered 
Bonds at the option of the Bondholder.

--- Page 299 ---
299
Quarterly Report (Rendiconto Trimestrale) means the quarterly report prepared by the Servicer pursuant 
to Article 3.14 of the Servicing Agreement to be sent by the Servicer within the Quarterly Report Date to the 
Guarantor, the Seller, the Issuer, the Asset Monitor, the Rating Agency, the Calculation Agent, the Corporate 
Services Provider, the Swap Counterparties and the Representative of the Bondholders. 
Quarterly Report Date (Data di Rendiconto Trimestrale) means the date falling on the 14th day of 
January, April, July and October or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business 
Day.  
Quota 
Capital 
Account 
means 
the 
Euro 
denominated 
account 
IBAN 
No. 
IT75P1063101600000070092700 opened with Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., where the 
issued and paid-up corporate capital account of the Guarantor has been deposited. 
Quotaholders' Agreement means the agreement entered into on 18 November 2021 between the 
Guarantor, the Quotaholders and the Representative of the Bondholders. 
Quotaholders means Mediobanca Premier S.p.A. and SPV Holding S.r.l. and each assignee of the relevant 
participation in the issued and paid-up corporate capital of the Guarantor. 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
Rating Agency means Fitch. 
Real Estate Asset (Immobile) means any real estate asset mortgaged as security of a Receivable under a 
Mortgage Loan Agreement. 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Banks has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks selected 
by the Interest Determination Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate. 
Reference Price has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Rate means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the deposit rate, the interbank rate, the 
swap rate or bond yield, as the case may be, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date and as determined by the Interest Determination Agent. 
Reference Rate Event means, with reference to the Reference Rate applicable to a Series of a Covered 
Bond, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the Relevant Screen Page on which the Reference 
Rate appears has been discontinued or it is materially changed or (ii) a decision to withdraw the 
authorization or registration to the administrator of the Reference Rate as set out in Article 35 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation has been adopted by the competent authority. 
Registered Paying Agent means any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in respect 
of the Covered Bonds issued in a registered form under the Programme. 
Registrar means any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as registrar in respect of the 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer will keep the

--- Page 300 ---
300
register and will not delegate such activity, any reference to the Registrar will be construed as a reference to 
the Issuer. 
Regular Period means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
CB Payment Date and each successive period from and including one CB Payment Date to but 
excluding the next CB Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any 
year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not 
the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls; and  
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other than the first CB Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular 
Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls other than the 
CB Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular CB Interest Period. 
Relevant Clearing System means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxemburg and/or any other clearing 
system (other than Euronext Securities Milan) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system 
through which payments under the Covered Bonds may be made. 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the Main 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on 
which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Bondholders. 
Relevant Dealer(s) means, in relation to a Series, the Dealer(s) which is/are party to any agreement in 
writing entered into with the Issuer and the Guarantor for the issue by the Issuer and the subscription by 
such Dealer(s) of such Series pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other 
page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in 
each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for 
the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate. 
Relevant Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Representative of the Bondholders (Rappresentante dei Portatori dei Covered Bond) means the entity 
that will act as representative of the holders of each series of Covered Bonds pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents. 
Required Redemption Amount means the Euro Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding in 
respect of the relevant Covered Bond, multiplied by 1 + (Negative Carry Factor x (days to the Maturity Date of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bond (or the Extended Maturity Date if applicable)/365). 
Required Reserve Amount means, an amount which will be determined, initially, on each Issue Date for 
the relevant Series of Covered Bond and then on each Calculation Date and which will be equal to the

--- Page 301 ---
301 
aggregate amount of (a) one fourth of the annual amount payable under items (ii) and (iv) of the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment; and (b) any interest amounts due on the Covered Bond on the 
next CB Payment Date. 
Reserve Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Account Bank, IBAN: IT09W1063101600000070201383, or such other substitute account as may be opened 
in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement means any residential mortgage loan agreement out of which 
Receivables arise. 
Residential Mortgage Loan means a residential mortgage loan meeting the requirements of article 129, 
paragraph 1, letter (d) of the CRR and article 7-novies, paragraph 2, letters a) and b) of the Law 130/99. 
Revolving Period means the period of time during which Mediobanca may issue several Series of Covered 
Bonds under the Programme pursuant to Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99. 
Rules (Regolamento dei Portatori dei Covered Bond) means the rules of the organisation of the 
Bondholders, attached to the Conditions and forming an integral part thereof. 
Retention Amount means an amount equal to Euro 50,000. 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date means: 
(i) 
(a) the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Amounts is 
reached, and (b) only with respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the later of (i) the day which is two Business Days following 
the service of the Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts and 
(ii) the relevant Scheduled Payment Date; or  
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specified that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Scheduled Payment Date that would have applied if the 
Maturity Date of such series or tranche of Covered Bonds had been the Extended Maturity Date or 
such other Scheduled Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Scheduled Interest means in respect of each Scheduled Payment Date following the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice to the Guarantor, an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have been 
due and payable under the Covered Bonds on such Scheduled Payment Date as specified in the Terms and 
Conditions falling on or after the service of an Issuer Default Notice to the Guarantor (but excluding any 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts).  
Scheduled Payment Date means, in relation to any payments due under the Guarantee, each CB Payment 
Date or, if applicable under the relevant Final Terms, each Optional Redemption Date.  
Scheduled Principal means in respect of each Scheduled Payment Date following the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice to the Guarantor, an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have 
been due and repayable under the Covered Bonds on such Scheduled Payment dates as specified in the 
Terms and Conditions (but excluding any Excluded Scheduled Principal Amount).  
Screen Rate Determination means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6 (b) (Screen Rate Determination). 
Secured Creditors (Creditori Garantiti) means the Bondholders, the Seller, the Servicer, the Subordinated 
Lender, the Investment Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Asset

--- Page 302 ---
302
Monitor, the Cover Pool Swap Counterparty, the Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, the Account Bank, the 
Paying Agents, the Test Report Provider, the Interest Determination Agent, the Registered Paying Agent (if 
any), the Registrar (if any), the Corporate Servicer and the Portfolio Manager (if any). 
Securities Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank, No. T55U1063101600000070201381, or such other substitute account as may be opened 
in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Security Interest (Garanzia degli Attivi) means any Mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, encumbrance and any 
other security interest or personal guarantee (garanzie reali o personali) granted in favour of the Seller in 
relation to each Mortgage Loan, Mortgage Loan Agreement or Receivables (except for the fidejussioni 
omnibus which have not been granted exclusively in relation to or in connection with the Mortgage Loans, 
Mortgage Loan Agreements or Receivables).  
Segregation Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.1 (Segregation Event). 
Selected Assets means the Eligible Assets, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets selected by the 
Portfolio Manager or by the Servicer pursuant to Clause 9 of the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
Seller (Cedente) means Mediobanca Premier in its capacity as such pursuant to the Master Purchase 
Agreement. 
Series or Series of Covered Bonds (Serie) means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of 
the Programme. 
Servicer means Mediobanca Premier in its capacity as such pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
Servicing Agreement (Contratto di Servicing) means the agreement entered into, on 30 November, 2011, 
between the Guarantor and the Servicer, as amended from time to time and restated on 21 September 2023 
in order to make the agreement compliant with the provisions of Title 1-bis of the Law 130/99 and the BoI 
Regulations. 
Settlement Report Date means the fifth Business Day before the Guarantor Payment Date. 
Short-Term Deposit Rating means the short-term rating which may be assigned from Fitch to a bank 
account provider. 
Short-Term IDR means, with reference to an institution, the short-term issuer default rating (IDR) 
assigned from Fitch to such institution. 
Short-Term Rating means (i) with reference to the Account Bank, a Short-Term Deposit Rating (if 
assigned from Fitch) or a Short-Term IDR (where no Short-Term Deposit Rating is assigned from Fitch); and 
(ii) in any other case, a Short-Term IDR. 
Specific Criteria (Criteri Specifici) means the eligibility criteria, other than the General Criteria, related to 
each Portfolio, as specified in the Schedule I – Part II of the Master Purchase Agreement, with respect to each 
Subsequent Portfolio and Further Portfolio. 
Specified Currency means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms).  
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, as agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 303 ---
303 
Specified Office means (i) in the case of the Interest Determination Agent, Bnp Paribas, Piazza Lina Bo 
Bardi 3, Milano, Italy ; or (ii) in the case of any other Paying Agent, the offices specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or (iii) in the case of the Calculation Agent, Mediobanca, Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia 1, 20121 Milan, or, in 
each case, such other office in the same city or town as such agent may specify by notice to the Issuer and the 
other parties to the Cash Management Agreement in the manner provided therein. 
Subordinated Lender means Mediobanca Premier, in its capacity as such pursuant to the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (Contratto di Finanziamento Subordinato) means, collectively, the 
Initial Subordinated Loan Agreement and each Subsequent Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Subordinated Loan (Finanziamento Subordinato) means each subordinated loan granted by the 
Subordinated Lender in favour of the Guarantor pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Subsequent Portfolios (Portafogli Successivi) means any portfolio of Eligible Assets which may be 
purchased by the Guarantor in order to allow Mediobanca to issue other Series of Covered Bonds during the 
Revolving Period pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Subsequent Subordinated Loan Agreement (Contratto di Finanziamento Subordinato Successivo) 
means each subordinated loan agreement entered into between the Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor 
prior to each Issue Date, other than the First Issue Date. 
Subsequent Subordinated Loan (Finanziamento Subordinato Successivo) means each subordinated 
loan granted by the Subordinated Lender in favour of the Guarantor pursuant to each Subsequent 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Subsidiary has the meaning given to it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Suspension Period means the period of suspension of payments pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Act. 
Swap Agreements means (i) the Cover Pool Swap Agreement and (ii) the Covered Bond Swap Agreement.  
T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (T2) combining the 
functionalities of a Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) system with those of a Central Liquidity Management 
(CLM) system and which was launched on 20 March 2023. 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which the T2 is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
Tax (Tassa) means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any political sub-division 
thereof or any authority thereof or therein. 
Tax Deduction means a deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax. 
Terms and Conditions means the terms and conditions attached as Schedule 1 to the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
Test Grace Period means the period starting on the date on which the breach of any Test is notified by the 
Test Report Provider and ending on the following Calculation Date. 
Test Performance Report means the report to be delivered, on each Calculation Date, by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to Clause 5 of the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
Tests means, collectively, the Mandatory Tests the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test.

--- Page 304 ---
304
Total Balance Guaranteed Swap is a swap agreement aimed at providing a complete hedge against 
interest rate differentials in the SPV (i.e. the Guarantor), including the negative carry eventually arising 
between the interests matured on the Accounts and on the Integration Assets and Eligible Investments (if 
any) and the coupons to be paid on the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
Transaction Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank, IBAN: IT59Z1063101600000070201378, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
Transaction Documents (Documenti del Programma) means the Master Purchase Agreement, the 
Servicing Agreement, the Cash Management Agreement, the Portfolio Management Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, the Guarantee, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap Agreements, the Quotaholders' 
Agreement, the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge and the Master Definitions Agreement, as amended from 
time to time. 
Transfer Date (Data di Cessione) means (i) with reference to the Initial Portfolio, the date on which have 
been carried out the Publicities pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement, and (ii) with reference to each 
Subsequent Portfolios, the date on which have been carried out the Publicities pursuant to Clause 2.6 of the 
Master Purchase Agreement.  
Transfer Proposal (Proposta di Cessione) means the transfer proposal sent by the Seller to the Guarantor 
in relation to each Subsequent Portfolio or Further Portfolio pursuant to Clause 2.2 of the Master Purchase 
Agreement. 
Valuation Date (Data di Valutazione) means, in respect of the Initial Portfolio, the Initial Valuation Date 
and, in respect of each Subsequent Portfolio, the date on which the economic effects of the transfer of the 
relevant Portfolio will commence. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Provisions means Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Provisions).

--- Page 305 ---
305
 
ISSUER 
MEDIOBANCA – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
GUARANTOR 
Mediobanca Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Via Filippo Turati, 29 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
KPMG Fides Servizi di Amministrazione S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 27 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
SELLER – SERVICER – SUBORDINATED LENDER – CASH MANAGER 
Mediobanca Premier S.p.A. 
Via Bodio, 37, Palazzo 4 
20158 Milan 
Italy 
ACCOUNT BANK – INVESTMENT MANAGER – COVER 
POOL SWAP COUNTERPARTY – COVERED BOND 
SWAP COUNTERPARY – PAYING AGENT – TEST 
REPORT PROVIDER – CALCULATION AGENT 
CORPORATE SERVICER 
MEDIOBANCA – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Studio Rock STP S.r.l.  
Via Filippo Turati, 29 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
PAYING AGENT AND INTEREST 
DETERMINATION AGENT 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Italian Branch 
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi, 3  
20123 Milan 
Italy 
BNP Paribas,  
Luxembourg Branch 
Branch 60 avenue JF Kennedy  
L-2085 Luxembourg 
ASSET MONITOR  
BDO Italia S.p.A. 
Viale Abruzzi, 94 
20131 Milan 
Italy 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR 
As to Italian law 
Legance Avvocati Associati 
Via Broletto, 20 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
As to English law 
Gide Loyrette Nouel LLP  
125 Old Broad Street  
London EC2N 1AR 
ARRANGER 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
AUDITORS TO THE GUARANTOR 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Meravigli, 12 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Meravigli, 12 
20123 Milan 
Italy